- Case Studies: Facebook Targeting: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] trucking companies Across the Nation face an ongoing need for new drivers our client Tanta was no different when the Metro Studios SEO team first began working with Tanta we were also building their website we learned of their dire need to hire truck drivers like most companies tantara used their marketing dollars on traditional marketing yet nothing was sticking they needed qualified traffic qualified leads and qualified applicants our Metro team suggested Facebook dark posts sometimes called unpublished posts these tap into deep Facebook demographic data dark posts are a terrific tool to Target your desired customer or applicant you can find out a lot of information including age location preferences marital status and the list goes on and on Facebook has so much data but you need to know how to access it for Tanta we created two different landing pages one that touted their benefits and one that described the company then we used a testing or split testing to compare both versions of these web pages we also used Facebook ads to determine who we would Target if you really know Facebook and you're good at it you can tap into a lot of Rich data when we started running the Tanta campaign we started with clicks that cost about a dollar or two then we really began fine-tuning our ads and our engagement and guess what web visitors began commenting on posts and saying that Tanta was a great company that online Buzz boosted our engagement and lowered tant's cost per click in fact for targeted leads of qualified drivers tant's click rate fell from a dollar to a dime per click how's that for saving money numbers don't lie more than 85 people applied at Santa in a mere 3 months and talk about Roi Tanta said hiring just one qualified driver paid for their entire Facebook campaign curious how your business could use Facebook's demographic targeting to reach customers like Tanta we want to help you succeed at Metro Studios we customize our solutions to meet your needs whether we use Facebook Google SCM SEO blogs or social media will do what makes sense for your business what is your need do you want to hire people generate leads sell products inform people we track everything we do so we can give you the cost for lead and cost for applicant then you can decide Based on data what makes sense for business we helped Tanta succeed and we can help you let's get started

- Do Facebook Ads Work? | [PROOF] 71 Facebook Advertising Case Studies: Kind: captions Language: en hey JEP adores em dukes here and I want to record this quick video and answer a common question that I've been asked a lot by fellow business owners fellow entrepreneurs fellow marketers non-business owners even it's a common question I see asked on Facebook groups on social media platforms in-person peep in as you could see the title of the video do Facebook Ads work so I wanted to record this video and answer that question once and for all so now that anyone asks the question I can share this video with them so over the last week or week and a half I've done some digging and I've compiled a list of about 71 different case studies of Facebook advertising and I'd guessed me 65 or so or current in 2019 and that Poland shipped back from 2013 that's in 14 this is all current a lot of these campaigns are still live there are a few in the from 2018 as well but like I said far far far majority of them are current 2019 hey if you like this kind of information make sure to hit that subscribe button down below click that little Bell notification I release videos every Monday and Thursday also if you need Facebook ads training look up above and it should be on the left-hand side in the corner there I will link you to a video of how to create a Facebook ad I go from A to Z walking you through the exact process of setting up your very own Facebook ad it's about a 33 minute video again I walk you through everything how to set up the pixel how to create a page how to set up an ad I cover it also again it's up in the left-hand corner right there for you so anyway so these campaigns are campaigns that I've managed or set up myself they are long majority of them are long form leads so we're not just getting name an email or get name email phone number and then also five we asked them five qualifying questions so these are more qualified leads getting rid of the tire kickers that's the whole goal of the sequence of everything of how we have it set up also we have the qualifying questions one of them is a credit score question so we filter out anyone who selects poor credit so it doesn't register with the Facebook pixel and we do that so over time the Facebook ad optimizes and shows it to people with fair or excellent credit and not the poor credit so about 38 to 40 percent of these leads are not tracked in facebook because they report that they have poor credit so the lead cost is going to look a little higher than a tip than it actually is because those poor leads aren't registered in this number and then also the long form leads when you ask more questions you're gonna get less leads so the cost is gonna go up so you're gonna see leads from just about every state I think not every state but I'd say 35 or so states you're gonna see California's much more expensive than say Florida Texas North Carolina South Carolina Pennsylvania Georgia you'll notice like Seattle Washington area is gonna be more pricey that's to be expected you know there's more competition in Seattle there's more competition in California but so like I said I want to dive into this answer that question once and for all do Facebook ads work they absolutely do oh one thing before I forget is another very common question is do facebook ads or facebook leads turn into close business the honest-to-god answer is the variable is the person receiving the leads it honestly is I've talked with two people very close to each other proximity wise about getting about the same amount of leads for about the same amount of time one person wants to increase the budget and do more campaigns one person wants to turn it off because this doesn't work honest to god they're getting the same thing so it really matters to the person following up the leads and then the follow-up system whether you have an automated emails text message wingless voicemails postcards Direct Mail I've heard of people do really well with that so it really depends on the follow up system and also the person following up their sales skills closing skills things like that Facebook is a social platform it's not an intent base so it's to be expected on average three to five percent all should turn into closed business it's kind of across the board three to five percents of rough average however I've seen people in the 7 to 8 percent range turn into closed business I've also seen a goose egg of 0% again the variable is the person following up with the lead so I know it's kind of not the best answer that you want to hear but that's the honest-to-god answer so but again with Facebook you can do branding and direct-response I like to call it direct response branding you can do both so you get the power of both your branding yourself and then you can also do direct response marketing which is really cool Google on the other hand you don't really get much branding out of Google AdWords you can do direct response but not too much branding so that's kind of why I like facebook also Facebook's cost are considerably lower but again you're going to convert lower than Google it's not intent-based like Google so anyways with all that being said I want to dive in and go through the case studies like I said I'm not gonna go through each of them like in detail it'd take me seven damn hours to go through seventy one case studies so I want to kind of just go through and show you screenshots of like the leads and then the cost per lead kind of go through everything and then I'll share some numbers towards the end there but really want to show you that yes in fact Facebook Ads do work the variable like I said turning it into Cole's business is the person following up with the leads and/or the follow up system in place so let's dive right in welcome to the case study or I should say the 71 case study so do Facebook Ads work like I said I want to answer this question once and for all now I have a resource that I can share with people and they ask this whether they're asking myself or asking on social media I can direct them to this so that is the million dollar question and I don't show you proof if you're not familiar with the Detroit rap scene you might not recognize this former Detroit rapper he was actually gunned down in 2006 I was actually fortunate enough to meet him at a Super Bowl party in Detroit in 2006 and he was one of the most nicest humble dudes he was awesome and it was just a true pleasure unfortunately I think it was three months later yeah I think it was three months after I met him he was gunned down at a pool hall anyways so that's why I said here's proof but so here it is we're gonna go over 71 case studies answering the question do facebook ads work like I said I'm gonna go through these rather quickly I don't want to do a deep dive it would take me all damn day to do it so here's the first case study this is for a loan officer out of Texas generated 14 leads for about $19 a lead these are veteran leads typically veterans are a little bit more money this is another one out of Meridian Idaho seventeen leads at about 18 bucks a lead another one out this is a listing for a home 18 leads at $2 and 39 cents this is for a loan officer in Galveston 125 leads for just under six bucks a lead another one is for out of Tennessee I believe that is 68 leads at about 11 bucks a lead another one out of South Florida Boca Raton Stuart area 18 leads this is a fresh new campaign just under 9 bucks a lead another one up in Kenneth northern mid California and San Jose 17 leads at about 10 bucks a pop another one in Arizona I think mayor Marianna probably butchered that 75 leads at about 13 bucks a pop another one out of Wisconsin 169 weeds at six dollars and 66 cents we got to get a couple more leads to change that 666 number another one out of Sacramento for tea leaves at about 1350 a lead another one in Seattle $16 a lead 39 leads another one this is for a home listing 18 leads at about 4 bucks apiece this is one third out of Denver 27 leads about 19 bucks to lead this is out of LA a competitive market 25 leads at just under 12 bucks a lead this is not sure where this is out of actually this is a listing ad this is Facebook lead ads that typically a bit cheaper not nearly as qualified that's why it's a bit bit cheaper on the cost per lead so 21 leads a little under a dollar 50 a lead another one out of Cincinnati 37 leads for 678 per lead another one out of my home my old stomping grounds Michigan Sterling Heights about 20 minutes for from where I was born and we're about a half hour where I was born and raised 153 leads at seven dollars and 39 cents a lead another San Jose 157 leads at about 880 apiece another one in Southern California 17 leads at about 10 bucks another one and this one is in Virginia 38 leads at just under 17 bucks this is another one up in Oregon 25 leads at about just under $20 a lead another one in Southern California 85 leads at 10 bucks 10:24 a lead another one in Northern California 34 leads at about $15 a pop another one Arizona this is 62 leads at about 460 a lead another one in Louisiana 37 leads at $5.98 another one in Southern California 378 leads for about $11.50 a lead another one in Virginia 350 leads at just under six bucks a lead one down in Florida 195 leads at four dollars and 38 cents one up in Boston 87 leads at two dollars and 56 cents a lead another one in the Wisconsin 165 leads just under four bucks a lead another one in South Florida way South Florida south of Miami actually 266 leads at $3.26 one up in just outside of Chicago 87 leads and 11 dollars and 32 cents elite one in Bakersfield California not too far from a Sin City here 41 leads at 13 bucks a lead another one in Clearwater Florida $60 I'm sorry 60 leads at six dollars and sixteen cents a lead another one up in Oregon another just outside of Portland I think it's south of Portland 85 leads for twelve dollars and forty-five cents apiece another one in Allentown I cannot remember where Allentown is 320 two leads at two dollars in eighty eight cents a lead another one in Washington State 34 leads sixteen dollars and 74 cents another one in South Florida the Sunshine State 50 leads at just under 11 bucks a lead another one in Louisiana 51 leads for $7.50 another one in Chicago area 78 leads at 12:21 apiece another run my stop and guns Las Vegas 34 leads at just under 15 bucks a lead one up in Utah 53 leads at about 10 bucks a lead another one in Virginia Beach 89 leads at nine dollars and forty eight cents apiece North Atlanta 91 lead 91 leads at four Oh 9 apiece Columbus Ohio 27 leads at four dollars and five cents apiece one in st. George Utah not too far from here 16 leads at about 1450 apiece one in st. Louis or Missouri I should say 33 leads at 6:45 apiece one in another one in LA area 54 leads at about 1650 a lead another one in Arizona that's 28 leads at 2 dollars and 61 cents a lead one in Miami at 20 leads at four dollars even another one in Southfield Michigan about that's about 20 minutes from where I grew up 15 leads at about 15 25 to lead another one in southern california 61 leads at about 17 bucks a lead one up in Washington State 32 leads for about 13 73 each one and another one in Missouri 47 leads out of just over $3 a lead one in Southern California San Diego area thirty-one leads at about 13 bucks apiece another one in Maryland yes Maryland 77 leads for four dollars and 27 cents another one in Denver Colorado 485 leads at about 13 58 per lead another one in Pennsylvania 34 leads at 588 each another one in California 121 leads at 10 bucks apiece another one I think in Northern California 18 leads at about 17 77 a lead one in Chicago 139 leads at 5:56 apiece san antonio 75 leads three dollars and forty seven cents apiece one up in Minnesota 82 leads for about seven bucks apiece one in Texas 87 leads at about three 29 Arizona twenty-eight leads at 2 dollars and 61 cents another one in Washington State a hundred leads even at seven fifteen apiece here's another one that's actually live running this is totally different one this is a birthday campaign you can target people who have an upcoming birthday on Facebook super super powerful because the reason just move this out of the way here the reason it's so powerful is because is the audience refreshes every seven days so you can run this ad in theory for 52 weeks and the same audience isn't going to see it they'll see it a couple times during their week of their birthday but once their birthday passes a new crop of people so it just keeps refreshing which is really powerful as you can see 13 shares which doesn't really make much sense or does it benefit other people because if it's not their birthday they can't come in and get their free drinks so we're using a messenger but for this specific campaign they click the little send message and then their information is sent to Facebook the Facebook Messenger and we're get we got 68 leads at about a buck fifty three apiece now here's a b2b software sales this is as you can see at the bottom three hundred and thirteen leads to the right I should say a lot of different testing there 313 leads at about 464 apiece here is another campaign I actually have some numbers on this 175 leads cost for leads about 13 bucks 7 sales we have a new generated just under $10,000 an ROI of 322 percent another campaign for 321 leads 468 I'm sorry four dollars and 68 cents elite 3 sales just under $7,000 an ROI of three hundred and sixty two percent and that's it that is the 71 different case studies let me finish it up with a few closing words here so that wraps up the video do Facebook ads work as you can see 71 pieces of proof that Facebook Ads do in fact work hey if you like this type of stuff make sure to hit that subscribe button and click that little Bell notification I release these types of videos every Monday and Thursday if you have questions comments concerns about any of it please comment in drop a comment down below I'll be happy to answer them and like I said the beginning of the video look up to the left hand side or right hand side whichever side it is and I have a training of free training it's like a 33 minute video of how to set up a Facebook ad I walked you through a twosie how to set it up how does it install the pixel whether it's a wordpress site whether it's a Shopify site how to create a Facebook page within like less than 5 minutes it's really simple to do watch the video it should really help you out to set up a Facebook ad again subscribe click that Bell notification and if you have questions comments or concerns leave them down below and I'll be happy to answer them thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdamDukes [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥 Grab My FREE 17-Point Facebook Ads Checklist  ➡️➡️➡️ https://www.braindeadsimpleads.com

- Case Studies For Facebook marketing: Kind: captions Language: en hi good morning everyone my name is Neil Young this is a quick video message to tell you about the amazing things we have we're experiencing with Facebook uh as you know we're involved in a in a marketing business where we um give you access to 2,000 products which you can advertise on Facebook we have done previous video messages about this but I just wanted to bring you up to date with the incredible results we're achieving and people are making really phenomenal money just really really part-time I'm going to put up a screen here so that you can actually see some real examples here's the first one here's a guy called David Kelly who's based in Northern Ireland who joined uh the business and did 1,000 pounds of orders in his very first week uh in the business by using u a simple system that we've created uh by advertising products um in groups on Facebook so that's David Kelly ,000 of orders straight away in week one here's a lady called Paula Barnes Williams who's based in North Wales and near rexon and Paula was actually um a customer she was a Facebook customer a member of a selling group and she saw the products liked the products and joined on the 8th of January and since the 8th of January has done over £6,000 of orders just working really really part-time from home uh on a tablet absolutely amazing here's a couple in again in Northern Ireland Stacy Thomas and Lee Maddox and in their first four weeks of advertising products on Facebook they achieved over 2,000 of orders and they earned £365 in their first four weeks but they went on in the first two two periods two two months basically eight weeks they earned over 900 part-time alongside their full-time night shift job in Tesco so they work full-time night shifts and they earned an additional 900 in the first two months just by using our system on Facebook it's absolutely incredible here's Martin Oakley Martin Oakley is basically registered disabled and he needed an opportunity to work from home Martin's based in in rotheram in South Yorkshire and needed an opportunity to work from home because he couldn't really physically get out to work and just by using Facebook he did 1,334 of orders in his first four weeks and he earned 268 profit straight away in the business absolutely fantastic Martin Oakley South Yorkshire here's another one Carol Dows Carol Dows has two young boys one at 16 months one of six weeks Finley and Daniel and she needed something to do after after maternity she didn't really want to go back to work um very difficult child care costs and she did 1,124 pounds of orders in her first four weeks and has since then introduced her mother into the business which is fantastic it's great that you can help people that you care about to make more money as well but Carol's done that really really part-time if you got two young children if you I know lots of you have had children well if You' got two young children 16 months and 6 weeks that's a full-time job itself isn't it really but Carol's made money straight away using this system here's elae Clark BR brownley again based in Northern Ireland and did 950 pounds of orders in her first 10 days and then last but by no means least my my favorite is unaa or also based in Northern Ireland and unaa has uh achieved 600 pounds of orders in her first 48 hours that's what we call the 30-day challenge we give people a challenge to see if they can get to 600 of orders in the first 30 days and the does well she did it in 48 hours uh she went on to do U 1,000 over 1,560 PS of orders in our first two weeks and that's absolutely amazing so people are getting involved in this uh part-time work from home opportunity all it involves is simply uh following a very simple system working one to two hours a day where you advertise by copying and pasting pictures of products which we will give you pre-prepared um pictures of and we will show you how to run advertising and people buy the products and you get paid profit on the sale of those products it's the most amazing opportunity you're ever likely to find working from home total time flexibility so if you have children if you have other workings or maybe you need a bit of extra income or maybe you'd like to get out of your job and Sack your boss maybe you'd like an alternative career whe if you want any of those things all you need to do is reply to this email with your best contact number and we will come back to you um very shortly but have a look at the um information we give you details of a full business model we also have a very well structured Support Program which if you follow basically your success is inevitable so if you're interested in that please come back to me my name is Neil Young um and you can just reply to this email with your best contact number and I'll be happy to give you a ring or I'll put a I'll put a number in the email you can give me you can give me a ring if you want to do it that way thanks very much um look forward to hearing from you soon

- 1 Year & Black Friday Facebook Ad Case Studies!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss a little bit about the results from Black Friday for all the one year case studies videos that they have published in the previous months. First of all, I must say that whatever I told you, it happened even with numbers. I scaled the one business to 540K with 6 ROAS, the other business to 340K and the other business to 400K So everything that they told you is actually went according to the plan. All of my scaling the previous months and everything. All worked pretty well. The only thing that I can say about myself, I said it also on the podcast if I want to do a criticism here, constructive criticism, I think I could have spent a little bit more on Cyber Monday. Maybe I got afraid of how much I spent in the previous days, but when it comes to the whole, with the exception of Cyber Monday, I think that I have spent as much as I could by having also a good ROAS at the same time. So it's very hard for me to actually go and predict numbers. Of course, if all the things that I have predicted wouldn't happen, I don't know what I would tell you now. Everybody want to know what I would do if I didn't win. I guess we'll never know. But actually everything went pretty well. So it's all good and I can show you if some of you doubted about it, let's go to my PC so that I can show you what happened in the previous day scaling. I'm not going to go one year back as we used to do with the previous case studies because you can see that video of the case study, I will just go through the point that I started scaling and later so they can show you how I prepared the ad account. Of course it's a it's a work of one year preparing the ad account for such scaling, but for sure this is what happened and I will show you 3 ad accounts, which is the 3 case studies that we had and how all went because everything went according to the plan. Let's go to my PC. First, I would like to start with the United States account. Again, the spend over here at the end was 540K and 6 ROAS and I would like to take you from the previous April that they started to scale. Sadly, we'll have to do it like this. I guess guys, we'll have to take the campaigns and go inside like this. So on April the spend was 133 with 6.04. Imagine that in April was spending 133K and now on the Black Friday we scaled to 540 with 6.04. Now let's go on the next month, let's go on May. On May, it was the month that I told you that I was strangling a little bit, but I didn't want to stop scaling. So the results here was 100. No, I think this is June 151K 6.34. So still we're on a low pace over here. And then we go on June 167. Let's see that I was here again, 4.29. This is the point that I didn't scale down and I kept scaling while the results were not the best possible results that we have because 4 ROAS here is a breakeven so we don't want to be on 4 ROAS. Now, on the next month, in July, I scaled even more because now we're going through the point that we are actually starting scaling more and more, preparing for the Black Friday, so I scaled to 180, 5.26. As you can see, I'm a little bit more conservative here. I'm doing a bigger bump here on August, gradually scaling, okay, gradually scaling month by month. So on August I'm having 226K, 5.59. Then on September I'm increasing a little bit more, going to 283K, 5.33. October was a little bit of challenging month 292K, 5.24, and at this point I knew that I was going to go for another 200K. Now if I kept my budget to 150K, 160K, 200K, most probably I was going to be able to scale on the Black Friday only to 400K, which we have. One of the case that is that we spend that much that we were able to scale only to 400 KB. Now on this case over here I scaled to 300K because I wanted to go more aggressively during the Black Friday, so I had to prepare the ad account with a spend. You cannot go just immediately from, you can in theory, but it's not the best case scenario here. Here establishing a position of 300K means that the next month after Black Friday I can work with 300K, 300K and go to 400K and at some point maybe reach 500K during the normal months before the Black Friday, which my biggest goal right now is to have 500K spend and go for one million spend in the next Black Friday. This is my goal. As you can see here 292K, 5.24 and then the next month, on November we are on 6 ROAS 540K. So mission accomplished over here. The only thing I told you that I would do a little bit different is maybe I would have scaled a little bit more during the Cyber Monday if we want to see a little bit the months here because the the Black Friday has started earlier, I started around Monday or Tuesday here, but if we want to see this week 22K, 24K on Thursday, I'm spending 25K. I'm doing a very big bump on this day with 42K then I'm dropping a little bit on Saturday to 36K. Sunday I'm doing 33K and on Monday I'm doing again 30K. This is where I was wrong, 8.93 on Monday with 30K think I would have scaled more, maybe go again to 40 or even 50K because it worked pretty well for Cyber Monday and this is this has happened across accounts. Most of the times Cyber Monday is a little bit slower from Black Friday so I didn't expect that. Let's go and let's see an other ad account which is the UK account, the one year case study and let's see what happened there. So this is the UK one year case study that we have. For the previous year we had in total 3 case studies, of course I cannot just upload videos with case studies. These are some of the best accounts that I have found in order to show you things. So we're having 3K studies only. There are other businesses also that I can show you with from 50 going to 100K spend, from 100K spend going to 200K spend, but I cannot just float the channel with case studies alone. Over here, what we can see is that we have spend 340K over here and the previous month October was 229. I remind you that this is pounds, so you have to do the conversion to see it in Euros or USD. Now if we take on this ad account, this account is in the United Kingdom. I cannot be as aggressive as I want. Let's go on June to see what was happening here again, we will have to do the same. Sorry guys, but Facebook is bugging not me 82K, 6 ROAS here. Remember that this is one ad acount that I told you that they didn't let me to spend more than 100K because of stock issues. By the way after Black Friday here and what and the scaling again they have stock issues. So I don't know if all of my progress is going to be beneficial because I don't know how many companies are going to survive from what is happening now with with low stock on the company, after the scaling. Of course it's the scaling that they have done on my own. I told them about all of that. If we go here on July from 82K, we go to 160K and let's see how much is the ROAS, 6.36. So this is ad account wanted to scale but we could scale because of issues with stock. Then we continue on August. This is much more aggressive scaling in my opinion because we were below 100K. On the other account we were consistently and close to 150 to 180K and we scaled. So here we went to 169 on August. Then if we see September we went to 164 which is kind of the same budget. October we went to 230 little bit lower ROAS preparing for the the Black Friday. I must say that this account it wasn't scaling as smooth as the United States account on the other ad account in business. So here if we watch on November we can see that we have 340K, 5 ROAS. These are numbers that I believe if I remember correctly, I have predicted the numbers if you want on the video find what I told in the last case studies that was my that was my intention of spending and how much I wanted to scale. I think that for the United States I said between 500 to 600K that I want to spend. I find what I said on this one and for the next and just put them here to to know what I said for each ad account as a prediction. I want to spend on my next Black Friday period 400K or 500K. We are positioning ourselves strong for the Black Friday period. I want to go between 250 and 300K for this account as pounds spent. I don't like to predict numbers. I'm against it because Facebook is unpredictable, but you always have a plan in your head. It doesn't mean that's going to work. I just don't announce that hey, we're going to spend this amount of money. It really depends. 340K there on 5 ROAS. And now we'll have to see what we'll do with this account because we have stock issues. The point here that I want to make is that this was also successful scaling. Now what I would try to do with this account is most probably I won't try to go again to 300K soon because we have found that it's not ideal, it causes problems. The company is not ready yet for this kind of scaling in UK. So what am I going to do is I'm going to try to be between 200 and 250K in the next period. Let's go and let's see also the last case study and what happened there. In this is ad account as I showed you before the United States we have spent 540K generating 3.2 million almost and if we go in this is ad account, we can see that we have spent 448 with lower ROAS this time because this company operates with 1.8 breakeven so we want to be above 22.2 always. They did a massive, a massive promo on the site for 40% off site white which is what they do during Black Friday every year. And the truth is that we had even better ROAS because of the volume while we were having this big promotion. So the revenue here was 1.4 million I must say that for the all of these three companies we have hit record numbers within Facebook, record numbers on the biggest days that they have ever done and record months the biggest revenue months that they have ever done. For this one, the scaling started also during summer. The spend over here was 86K yeah, 86K, 2.45. If we go on the next month on July, the spend over here is 170K started scaling on that period, of course, July was also a very good month, so it makes sense that I scaled. So 170, 2.74 on the scaling, very good scaling with even increasing ROAS. August we go to 196 with 2.11, which is totally fine because we are maintaining goals of spend over here preparing for the Black Friday. You have seen that in the long term we have won the total numbers. If we go on September 181K spend 2.12. I'm trying to maintain at least a 2.1 plus. This is why you see it dropping a little bit. But still I'm close to the point that I want to be, close to the 200K because I want to scale on the double during the Black Friday period and on October, if I won 100K on October how much did I spend? 200 some, yeah 200. So I'm trying to be close to 200. Do you see how close I am to always the same number? So on August, 2.11, with this on September 2.12 and on October with different budgets 2.12. Now when you're operating with smaller ROAS like 2 ROAS 1.5, 1.6, it's easier to just try to play with numbers and go, but when you have 5, 6, 7, 8 ROAS, the differences can be 0.5 ROAS in one month. 0.3, 0.7 because it they have bigger fluctuations because there was number is higher, but when you play on 2 ROAS, 3 ROAS, it's easier to just maintain a number because it's easier to have averages that are close. The bigger the number the bigger the averages fluctuation can be. So 2.12 here with 200K and then boom on November I do my scaling on 450K, 3.16. I think that this one continues also pretty well this month. Yeah 87K so far, on the 13 days. So my goal for this one is to try, and I think I can easily do it, is to try to maintain. Of course we have stock issues again here after Black Friday and everything because even if you prepare a lot for Black Friday, you cannot just be 100% ready. You're going to have stock issues, especially in a clothing brand like this. 2.6487K, my goal for this one is to go immediately as fast as I can in the next months to 300K spend and stay on 300K spend. Next year we will try to go and do something like the United States, half a million spend, between half a million and 600K, but maybe even more, who knows, depends on how it's actually going to scale. Something that I forgot to tell you and it's a little bit of a mix to all of ad accounts is that one major decision that I took in all of the ad accounts brought all of these results and it's this, if you see on this ad account is not so obvious but there was a 3 day period, before the Black Friday that everybody was launching ads that the results were not so good. This period was 16 to 18. This is something that experience advertisers like me we do expect and we have zero issues with it because we know that we're going to recuperate these lost ROAS in the next days. But I believe that a lot of people during this weekend, they panicked and they close their ads and this caused them not to scale a lot. Maybe I have done this mistake also in the past, I don't remember, but I mean, I remember panicking but I don't remember something like this and closing ads and everything, but I remember me being afraid. This time, I wasn't afraid at all and I knew that it was going to recover in the next days. So that situation is that between 16 and 18. We see that here we have lower ROAS comparing to what we have for example on the Black Friday period, okay, and if we want to go here on these ad accounts, let's go to United States first 16 to 18, 4.22 which is very bad. So you have from 12 to 15, 7.5, okay 16 to 18, you have very bad ROAS. This is across accounts, okay. And then you go 19 to 24, you have good ROAS, again. For me, this period 16 to 20, was the period that most people may be, inexperienced people, they have done mistakes or people that they just do the ads on their own and so on. Everybody was launching ads on the weekend so that they can start ads for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Some people, they even do ads just on Friday, but if you think of it on this. Everybody starting ads and people panicking, stop some ads, that they had is what is going to define how everybody else is going to do. So everybody who panicked here and they close the ads because they're inexperienced, because they didn't know, because they were losing a lot of money and they couldn't afford it, it doesn't matter. They're the ones that they lost and we are the ones that we stayed in our position and we won because over here you can see 4.49 also, 6 to 18, 12 to 15, 6.9 to 1, and in this period, good ROAS again. So you can see that it's not only okay, it's Black Friday, we're going to scale. Your decisions do matter and things that you do. Τhese 3 days, I believe that there are a lot of people that they got destroyed because of mistakes that they have done and people that they are more experienced and they know that, okay, or for example, after Black Friday for one week you're going to have bad results. It doesn't mean that you have to close all of your ads and lose all of the progress that you have made with your Evergreen campaigns during the Black Friday, anyway. This is something that we have discussed also extensively during the previous videos about the bad videos and all of that. And not to panic after 2 or 3 or 4 days with bad results and everything, because it's going to recover. And what's the average results? And I hope that this example also is going to help you understand, especially after a period that you know that black credit is coming because, do you remember back when I created one video that it was all about how to overcome bad periods? Well, here the whole way of thinking was that, okay, we have a bad period on Facebook, we go and we do a promo to inflate the results with that within the platform so that it can work well. And I showed you in this case started that it actually worked pretty well. Here we don't have to do a promo. We're waiting already a promo, which is coming and we have planned anyway. It's a Black Friday, so the previous weekend, if you have 3 or 4 days, to me it says nothing because you know that in the next days you're going to have very good results and these 3-4 days are going to be significant at the end of the month for the average results of the month. I hope that this is also going to help you understand because during that period, I was actually really busy, so I wouldn't be able to create a video and I thought that it would be nice for me telling you that this happened, also, I think I mentioned it on the podcast, but whoever is bored to watch a podcast of 1 hour, they have to watch a 30 minute video now to see it, anyway and let's continue. Before we close, I would like to tell you that these ad accounts are ad accounts that they have been prepared for a whole year. I'm working with these companies for a long period and I know the ad accounts, I have been preparing them. I showed you how I scaled them. I show how we overcame difficult periods maintaining our position to the market without losing our spend. I showed you how experience can overcome difficult situations when you are scaling and also how you can benefit from attack periods that you can get better spend and more spend during that period. To be honest with you, I think that it's the end of a very, very, very big circle until we open the next one, which maybe it's going to be that in one year from now we're going to discuss on how these ad accounts are doing and how we scaled since the last time that we left them in this place. I hope that you learn things from that. I hope that you can see the bigger picture of bigger accounts and how they work. We like big numbers. Everybody wants to work with big numbers. So that's all I had for you. I hope that you like the video. I have to clarify that I'm not uploading this for flexing. I just believe that there's a lot of value on seeing how I scale because this is one year of doing actions over here, which I think that it's helpful. And the second thing that I want to clarify is that it doesn't mean that it's happening over one month. So don't expect this to happen for you normally. This is something that they have prepared for a whole year and I put all my philosophy in action about the attack periods, which is the Black Friday and stuff, the people that they are on the channel for long period, they understand what I mean. And one more thing I guess that I want to say is that a lot of times I like to post these things because I like to have them on my personal archive also as references so that I can remember what happened, because in the previous years guys, I had so many success with many companies and staff and I was never keeping print screens or anything. But now I really like to make videos like this also for me to remember what I have achieved, the progress and all of that. And I believe that through this progress you are also learning. So don't forget that. If you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, or my website. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KonstantinosDoulgeridis: Hey everyone, I hope you enjoyed this video! I created a FREE Facebook ads course for you! Enroll right now using this link: https://www.facebookads-master.com/offers/rWxzLAcb/checkout
  2. @mdnahidseo: Hello sir Are you looking for a professional YouTube thumbnail designer and video seo?
  3. @PrekiuKodas: Hi Konstantinos, first of all, I would like to thank you for all the helpful videos you've been posting lately. They have helped me generate over $200k in sales over the past few months. Also, I wish you great upcoming holidays!

For my ecom store, my main market is Spain. I have generated around 2500 sales mainly using broad targeting. How would you recommend testing other countries like UK, US, etc? The problem with my product is that it doesn't have any specific interests. Maybe I should skip interests then and start with lookalike audiences right away? I feel like for broad I don't yet have enough data, especially for markets like the US. But then again, is lookalike data from one country valid in another country?
  4. @nashramasamy: Hi Konstantinos, if my crazy method campaign has been having poor results and roas the last 2-3 days but has been running successfully prior for 3 weeks and I haven't changed anything for 1 week. Would you recommend me to kill the campaign and relaunch it?

thank you
  5. @activedigitalmkting: when you gradually scale, let's say from 5k monthly adspend to 20k monthly adspend, how many of those are the same campaigns from the original 5k adspend once you reach 20k adspend?
  6. @michaeld585: The fact that you scaled 5x while maintaining the same profitable ROAS is honestly remarkable. You would be hard pressed to find anyone else on Youtube with these results in my opinion.
  7. @PrekiuKodas: If 1 creative out of 5 is performing the best with a crazy method, and now I want to duplicate to a bigger budget, should I leave only the best creative or all 5?
  8. @akshitseth7987: Champ as always
  9. @qiumingzheng7867: Hey Konstantinos! Does your course include all the content you covered in your channel?

- 9 CBD Brand Growth Case Studies | Facebook Advertising Results | Performance Marketing | CBD SUTRA |: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys this is Jimmy from CBD Sutra and welcome back to another video in this particular video most of the people are requesting that hey Jimmy you are posting a good amount of case studies on YouTube you know you're posting videos and sharing what kind of results you are getting on a day today basis for the CBD Brands you're working in and if you're missing out on those case studies just make sure to check out my YouTube channel just type in CBD Sutra and you'll be able to land on this channel itself and from here onwards you can just see the kind of case study we have posting for example check out this one Facebook as Facebook ads case studies for the CBD Brands you know some CBD Brands did $4.2 million 346 person Roi you know $1.2 million in 12 months $175,000 in 5 months and a lot more case study similar to this and and in each and every single video what I'm doing is I'm just literally sharing my exact screen refreshing my screen again and again just to make sure that you understand that hey these results are 100% legit and I'm sharing and disclosing everything with 100% transparency right I'm just going month by month and exactly showing you what we made in month one and what we made in month 10th and we have worked with more than 50 plus CBD brand so far literally generated good Model results for every single CBD brand we worked with but today I'm going to be sharing the PDF versions of all the month by month results of all the CBD Brands we worked with so these are the top 10 CBD Brands we worked with who actually worked with us for more than four months so hey if a CBD brand worked with us for more than 4 months I believe they would be getting good enough results that they were actually sticking around for 4 months and Beyond some of the CBD brands have worked with us for more than 16 months as well for more than 2 years so I hope you understand that if a brand is sticking with an agency for more than 16 months 2 years they must be getting something in return they must be getting good amount of results that's why they're sticking around right so here's my LinkedIn profile where I'm posting good amount of content for all of you guys over here and especially if you have a CBD brand you should definitely give her a follow on my LinkedIn profile and on my YouTube profile because I'm posting good amount of valuable content over here right so these are the case studies that I've posted so far so this is one of the major case studies that I've posted in which I'm revealing nine CBD brand results month by month who have worked with us for more than 4 months and they have been getting consistently good results right so for example one this is where the case study starts you know a short note to all the CBD brand owners and these are the month-by-month results for example case study one $1.6 million in Revenue with Facebook ads 256% Roi in 16 months from November 2022 to February 2024 budget $626,000 Revenue $1.6 million row as 2.6 2.56 X you know 256% right and once you click on it you'll be able to land on this particular case study right we I'm just going month by month for every single brand we worked with for example we started working with them in the month of November so from November to February 2024 you can see the exact results over here and of course these are not just screenshots you can find the relevant case studies over here on these videos as well these are live videos and these are the PDF versions because sometimes people just need to have a quick walk through of what kind of results we have delivered so far so these are the case studies specially curated for those curious CBD brand owners right so month so this is November to February 2024 more than 16 months this is Jan 2023 to December 2023 what year 12 months results spent about $488,000 got about 2.66 roas and 1.3 million approx $1.3 million in Revenue right and this is Q4 October November December spent about $189,000 generated more than $378,000 right so let's start by you know mon6 which is Feb then you go towards Jan you see the results of December you see the results of November you see the results of October you see the results of September August July June May April March Feb Jan December November where we initially started with just with just around $420 overall then spent about 4,000 $8,000 21,000 32,000 39,000 30,000 31,000 41,000 45,000 48,000 58,000 76,000 54,000 60,000 73,000 189,000 so you see we have actually documented results month by month for each of the CBD brand we have worked with and it's not just this one you see case study 2 as well month by month worked with this brand for more than 10 months you can see that results right over here month by month so when I say that I work with CBD brands for more than 5 months 10 months 16 months 2 years I'm not bluffing around I have the results to back it up with all the month by- Monon results right you can see right over here all the CBD brands that we have worked with k35 k36 k37 you can simply click on this link to land on this kind of PDF case study 7 8 99 right so all the case studies are posted over here and of course like if you would like to have a quick go through for all the case studies all of them are just documented right over here for you in a PDF format in this Google Drive Link which I'm going to be sharing right in the description below so make sure to check out the description right so again we have the results to back it up we have a YouTube channel to show you what kind of again results we are generating for our clients so even if you still have doubt you can also see what kind of creatives we can produce what kind of structure we Implement you know what kind of results we are getting if you have an ad account issue we provide you with the ad account if you have a Facebook page issue we provide you with the Facebook page we are a one in all on stop solution for your CBD brand advertising needs so again if you are a CBD brand owner looking to scale your CBD brand to new heights make sure to check out CBD Sutra and I'll be more than happy to assist you with any of your query any any question that you might have on your mind regarding the growth of his CBD brand again this is Jimmy from CBD Sutra signing off I'll check you out in the next video thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasleenkaur3012: Thnx for the information 😊
  2. @AmritaSinghGBC: Great content! Really enjoyed this video.

- scaling image ads to $400k/month live (full case study): Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? In this video, I want to show you an actual practical case study in terms of how we actually first of all increased the hit rates for this ad account like crazy and how we actually had a system that we then implemented and developed. Then we then basically laid off and outsourced completely to a whole entire creative team specifically um in terms of a little bit of proof, right? We scaled to over $400,000 in active MR with this brand. Okay? And so that's kind of what we what I'm going to break down in this video. So the first thing that we did is the hook test, right? Once again, if you're new to this channel, if you've never heard me talk about the hook test ever before, what it is is just a way to increase your hate rates by testing image ads that are just one by one images with only text in the middle. So, white background, no visual on it, just text. And you spend like a couple dollars each, for example, $2. And then you look for ones that have a 7% plus CTR. And only those are the ones which you actually move on to an actual creative test. So, in this case, obviously, you want to look for ones that don't have an inflated CPM either. So, usually it's $70. This one all is below 70. So, uh this is fine. And then, but in this case, for example, here all of these on the bottom you wouldn't actually take because they're not good enough. You already know that they're not going to have the same performance. This is specifically going to be image ad video. Okay. So, what you have to break down is, okay, well, you have these hooks here. These are five in this case. And so, these five hooks, they are going to actually be the ones that we're going to then transition to an actual creative test. Now, how does a creative test system function properly? Right? So, when you figure out the copywriting, you know exactly which hooks are good and which ones are bad and which ones you should actually move forward. This is the easy part. This is where most people get caught up because now, okay, well, what do I do now? Well, now you go back to research again because now what you're going to do is you're going to brief. You're going to make a brief document, the so-called brief doc, which I use, which is going to be looking somewhat like this. Okay? you have for concept breakdowns and then you have a little bit of like, you know, obviously everything linked so that your team can, you know, see everything. And then you're going to essentially put in here into the ad visuals the actual, for example, the competitor ad that you want to replicate. And then you do bit bunch of different times and you do it as often as many winning hooks that you have. And so what you're going to then do is you're just going to cycle through all the winning hooks that you had each and every concept that you find. Okay? And so how that specifically is going to look like is you're going to hop into the ads library and you're going to basically look for concepts right that essentially are either right the longest running for your competitor. So scroll all the way down right and see okay active ads longest running which image concept is it. Second thing is the most active adsets are using that creative. Okay that's also something which the ad library just tells you. Pro tip if you have EU competitors or people that are running ads to the EU um they actually have in the ads library you can just literally see how many act like how much reach and how many impressions every single country has for every single one of their ads. EU has to leak that data. And then also the coolest thing is if you see a competitor and see which concept they're iterating on the most, once again that's a fantastic sign to actually bad at the concept before putting it here. And so ideally you want to do let's say you have five winning hook says here you want to do like three to five different concepts. Okay. And so you're going to end up right with around 15 to 25 total ads that are then going to test in a CBO against each other. Okay? Very simple. Now, ideally what this brief doc is good for is just so you have a system behind it and so you know what you did and when you did it and then when you go back to this or your team members go back to this they can understand which variables actually worked and ended up not working. Okay, super important. Now when we fill out this brief doc and we do the research in terms of which visuals should we actually take and replicate, you're actually going to basically look for four different visual types for your ads because there's always these four different visual types when we're talking about image ads. And so we have the product focused visual, we have the problem focused visual, then we have the outcome focused visual, and then we have the mechanism focused visual. So these are the four different ones, and I'm going to break down exactly how they look like. So this one specifically is going to be the product focused one, right? Very simple to analyze, very simple to break down. Essentially, what this is, it's just a visual type, right? That kind of just break down breaks down for you guys um only the product. So it's it's show only showcasing the actual product with the winning hook, right? Nothing else. usually has some features and benefits pointing to it. Obviously, we have a little logo disqualifier. Have a little bit of objection handling here. We have a sub headline. You don't need none of these things. All you actually need is the visual, right? That it focuses only on the prior. This is the most disqualifying so-called concept. And the reason why is because this has nothing to do with anything unawareness. Okay? So, this is not unaware. This is not problem aware even though the hook is, right? And uh what this is actually going to be is this is going to speak to people who are already open to look for new solutions to solve their problems. So at least solution aware, right? Because if you look at the hook, it's problem aware, but this is just the product picture. And so it's very aware this ad is going to convert. Well, the hard part in product focused visuals is getting good CPCs, right? Now the problem focused one is the other way around because this one has nothing to do with the product, right? This is going to be essentially just a problem focused visual. Sometimes doesn't even h have a hook on it. I like to still put text and hooks on this one just because it performs better. Again, if you have done a hook test which performs somewhat like this, it's not going to perform worse if you have text on it. Okay? It's just going to convert better and sometimes even get better CTRs. But the hard part here is converting. It's very easy to get good CPCs on a visual like this. Other way around here, remember that. Okay. Then we have the outcome focused visual, which is obviously just the opposite of a problem focused visual. Um, but it's the same conversion rate issue, right? So usually this is also a little bit difficult to convert with. Again, we usually add in headlines and the winning hooks in there too. Just keep that in mind. But essentially what the visual is just focusing on is actually what it looks like when you reach the dream outcome. So that's the main difference to the problem focused one. And then in my opinion, one of my favorite ones is going to be the mechanism focused visual. And so this is like product in use. This is you know like someone actually struggling with the like kind of like the the pain of change, right? to someone using the product and struggling with it or actually starting to see the first results or what I like to do as well is comparisons, specifically before and after comparisons, right? So, this is a very simple before and after concept here. Obviously, you see the black and white picture and then you see the colorful picture, right? So, very simple. I like to have the hook on top, by the way, and have the before and after on the bottom. This is just my personal preference, but this is essentially the system of how you can actually make it ads that are doing extremely extremely well and how you can increase your hit rates. And I want to say thank you so much for giving me your most important asset, which is your attention. I'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. I wish beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @FactFrame_shorts [2 likes]: awesome content bruh, can you gimme your miro board link
  2. @camncamy: Sebastian!!!
  3. @hudsonhays8779: Insane value literally every time. Absolute marketing goat
  4. @djxete1987: If you test the hooks with a maximum of 2$, why dont you follow the 2$ maximum per ads for the rest of the variables? Maybe for visuals, for primary texts etc..
  5. @Bryans-s3k: Awesome content as always bro

- How To Scale Meta Ads With Image Ads in 2026 (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to be showing you how to scale your meta ads with static ads, image ads. And you can see this is inside of my triple well analytics dashboard, which shows me my rorowaz and my ad spend. And you can see we've spent $2,700 in the last 7 days. And we've generated 2.52x rorowaz. You can see that these campaigns are completely live. And in the last 7 days, I can refresh it for you. And as you can see, in the last 7 days, we've spent $2,700. We've done a 2.52x rorowaz. And if I go to like the last like like let's say 5 days or so, we are consistently getting these kind of results. And we're not doing it across one product or one campaign. We're doing it across multiple campaigns. You can see this a 2.7x, 10x, 4x, 2.5x. You know, these kind of rows is really solid. It's super profitable considering my break even is 1.5x. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how I'm scaling my meta ads with static creatives. Okay? So, we do this here at the business.com. We build 60 ecom brands every single month. We get them to $1,000 a day and we hand it to people that are looking for a side hustle. So, this is something that we do on repeat. This is not like a a random coincidence. And in this video, I'm going to show you my exact blueprint. Now, the first thing that I do is I use Creative OS. Now, Creative OS is basically a temperate library. So, you're able to pick out the highest performing creatives that are going around at the moment so that you can use it for your own brand. Okay. So, let's go through and I'll show you a few examples. I just recently bought a new product, so I'm going to be using that as the example. And let's keep scrolling. Look for a nice simple one. Now, these templates are taken from brands that are already doing extremely well. And so what I'm looking for is something nice and clean like this one so that we can use as a template. So all you need to do is select the template that you like and click customize. Now rather than deciding on exactly what to kind of write inside of the creative, what you can do is you can go through here and type in the product, give them the product page and then where you can go. So for example, I can go to the Gaussy and this is a product that I recently purchased. So, it's something that I really understand at the moment. It's a gas fire oven. Heats up at 500 degrees. Absolutely amazing. One of my friends invited me over for dinner and he showed me the pizza oven. So, Luke, shout out. It was absolutely amazing. So, let's go through and start creating a static ad with this product. So, firstly, I'm going to need to download the image. I'm going to need the logo, of course. So, I'm going to click a screenshot of the logo. Okay. And so from here, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to pop that into the template for now so that we've got everything that we need to get started. And then going to say create do some product research into the deepest desires of people that buy a pizza oven. I'm looking to sell this one. So, I'm just going to show you the one that I recently bought. I think it was this one. Yes. So, it was this one. Okay, then give me 15 headlines and 15 benefits. All right, so now what AI is going to do, it's going to look into Reddit. It's going to do some research and then from there it's going to basically uh start to identify what's the deepest desires like for example heating temperature. And then once it identifies that heating temperature is the big problem or the fact that you have to go to a restaurant for a nice pizza, it's then going to be able to turn that into a headline. Okay. So these are the core motivational drivers. Okay. And if you really want to like learn, you can say give me quotes directly from Amazon reviews Reddit so I can understand people's desires. I can't spell. I don't care. Let's keep going. All right. This little oven is a legit. Get those perfect leopard spots on the cheese. This is a good one. Pellets fails to get oven hot enough in my experience. All right. So, that's a really good pain point. Need some advice for pizza ovens. All right. Speed. Okay. So, you can go through and start reading. All right. And then say, "Generate me a killer headline addressing the deepest desire." All right. So, now it's going to give me this headline. And then we're going to start building out our static ad. Now, if you're already running ads, then you're going to know that, you know, these creatives perform really well. These videos, you can use them as a base. But just for the sake of this example, let's grab this one. Make pizza so good. Takeaway is ruined forever. Beautiful. All right. So, from here, we've got our logo. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to click the big remover. BG remover. I'm going to remove this little brand placeholder. And then from here, branding over. I might have zoom in here. Okay, so the GZnney XL arc. Okay, so from here I'm also going to take a photo of the product. Save this image. Chuck it in my downloads. All right. So then I'm going to chuck here. Awesome. Now, if the image does come with a big ugly background, that's no problem at all because you're able to use the BG remover. That's perfectly fine. Let me go find a product image that just shows the head of it. I think this will make a little bit more sense to a lot of people. So, let's go find that one. So, we'll go pizza ovens. This is the one that we're getting. Chuck this in. All right. This is probably a better example. Now, we want people to be super clear on what they're getting. So, I'm just going to pop this here. Probably make this bigger. You can see in the image they made it a bit bigger. Kind of overflowed off the edges. I really like that. So, let's just make this a little bit bigger. I think this is just the right size. All right. So, now we've got these three extra areas to fill in. So, let's go up and see what the precision temperature control. Let's go for some give me three word benefits. Let's create some benefits. Perfect crust real fire flavor. Full caps. Backyard pizzeria vibes. Full caps for this one as well. You can just easily just drag that over to make sure it's the right size. Let's go to the next one. 60second pizzas. That's a pretty cool benefit. Okay. And then we've got our guarantee. Now, I don't know what your guarantee is going to be, so we'll just leave that as is. And then from there, you're absolutely done. So, you can just click export. You can download this image, and then you've got your static creative. Now, I find this works even faster than AI as of recording this video. So, I find it really, really fast, really helpful. Now, if you wanted to then go ahead and create a few more, you can just keep scrolling and you can just keep finding new ones like improve muscle recovery. You can just click customize template. you can keep going and start pumping out these incredible statics. Now, as you could see when I showed you my triple whale, you know, I launched about five of these and two of them performed extremely well. So, this is just a no, you know, no-brainer when it comes to scaling a brand. You know, you can just see like I can say, give me a 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 a sevenword headline. Sevenword headline and I can easily just go in customize that template and then make pizza so good. takeaway becomes useless. You know, I can take that, put it there, put the benefits of, get the photo of the pizza oven, the GZnney pizza oven, and away I go. So, this is exactly how I'm scaling my brand at the moment. We're scaling this across four products, and the statics are performing incredibly well. They're actually outperforming our videos at the moment. So, if you're not using static ads, I highly recommend that's been helpful. If you are looking for a completely free course, by the way, showing you exactly how to create a brand from zero all the way to the $1,000 a day, click the link below. You'll get access to our school community, completely free. You'll get access to all the videos, professionally made, fully systemized, very nicely laid out for you. If that's helpful, then jump straight over. But if not, I'll see you in the next video.

- BEST Facebook Ads Campaign Structure For Fast Scaling In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en All right, so it's 2026 and that is the year when you should have no doubt at all about how to run your ad campaigns in Facebook Ads Manager most effectively. I'll just quickly run you through our system of how we run it. For many, many seven to nine figure brands, it works excellently. Let me just show you really quick. So here we have a brand running this campaign structure. You can see the rows is quite good for them. They want to shoot for a 6x row. They have 7.55 spent around 22k per month last month. This one similar ad spend level similar performance here rows of almost five. This one also quite healthy overall performance 2.4 but they are happy when they are at a performance of more than two. So in general like this campaign structure works really really well. As you can see we have also some accounts that are running this on 200 300 and 400k per month ad spend with lower targets but in general this structure works perfectly fine for any size of brand that you have. Now having that established how do we run it? So first of all, it's quite quite simple. One of them is the main campaign and that is the broad main CBO. Here we have one campaign per business objective. You maybe already heard it the one campaign CBO structure. In this one campaign, we do testing, we do scaling, we do split tests, we do retargeting, we do everything. Because at this point, Meta is pretty good at it. The algorithm is pretty good at it. And trying to kind of manually out the algorithm is usually more of a strain on performance rather than an improvement on performance. There are some extra rules and I will add them later in this video. So mainly we run this main main campaign structure but in some cases it makes sense to run more campaigns and I will talk about it a bit later in this video. So first of all how do we structure this main campaign campaign budget set on the campaign level very simple. So Facebook decides when to spend on which adset in there. Some people have kind of still commitment issues when it comes to that they want to run in an I can tell you the meta algorithm is super super smart and it will kind of just see okay like this ad is scalable this is not so let's spend on this one you might wonder sometimes okay why does meta like focus on my verse ads why does it spend more on this ad even though the rows is 14 whereas this ad has a rows of 20 well this is simply because the first ad is more scalable just trust meta with the decision that's very simple now how do we run it within this campaign within this campaign it's very very simple so basically Whenever we want to test a concept, let's say we want to test one specific angle, one specific persona, one specific desire, we think of three different ways to actually split test that. So example, recently we made some ads for the sorcerer supplement and I even made a full creative breakdown on that. The video will be linked in the description there. I explain in more detail how to think about those split tests and how to structure them. But basically we thought okay this product mainly satisfies three desires which is sexual performance is the first one. then it is energy and then muscle growth, muscle recovery and so on. So those are the three desires we can use to sell it. And then we can take those and split test those. And then we can take those desires and package them into the same format but while targeting a different desire. And then based on the budget allocation within the adset, let's say here within one, we will see which of those versions, which of those desires actually resonates and performs the most by seeing where the budget goes. Because here we just trust meta. if it goes to the version that goes for example for sexual performance. Okay, perfect. Then that is our winning desire. Now, and this is how every of those adsets is structured inside. And then we just run them. We let them run. If they spend two to three times of your desired cost per acquisition and they don't get you the result that you're looking for, just turn them off, launch the next adset. Very, very simple. And then we will usually also have a winning adset where we have just one adset where we transfer all the winning ads into that adset just to simplify the adon just to not have lots of adsets running at the same time because the more simple we do it for meta the less variables we have the better the decision making of the CBO budget allocation will be. So we will want to have all winning ads, all winning versions of those where actually meta spends on, we want to put them all in one adset and let it spend on that. And then whenever you launch like a new ad that is like disruptive, that is stronger than your current winning ads, the budget allocation will shift towards that adset. And this is how you scale your account. Very simple. And then once the overall rows of the campaign increases, you just go ahead and increase the overall campaign budget so that you can scale. Very straightforward, very simple. This way when you do it, it all just comes down to the quality of the ads you make. And this is really what 2026 is all about, the quality of the ads you make and the creative strategy behind it. Because in the past, you could like go and say, "Oh, let's, you know, launch a lookalike. Let's isolate this one interest setting in this adset and maybe this will get some performance. There are still people that do this in 2026. If you encounter one of them, just run away. They have no clue. They just try to get your money. If they promise you that they can just take some ads, not introduce new ads to the ad account, and just run them on some special nice strategy settings, those are the people that will just kind of take money for clicking buttons that don't do much in your business. But anyway, that was the one CBO campaign structure. You might be already well familiar with it because some people talk about it. But now let's actually dive into some modifications and some additional things that we occasionally run that actually improve on performance on some accounts. So you might want to do that but maybe it will work for you, maybe not. On some accounts we see it works really really well. One of those things is catalog campaigns. So catalog campaigns is quite simple. You just connect your Shopify catalog to your Facebook catalog and then you run the catalog and that's it. Like you you literally don't need to launch any ad. You just run a catalog and we usually do it separately because sometimes like if you launch the catalog in the main campaign and the main CVO campaign it might take a lot of budget and it might just go and spend it all on retargeting because catalogs tend to do that. Right now you can of course see the frequency on that catalog is actually even lower but the reason is just because we are out of the Q4 promo season and during this period we had higher spend on retargeting. Now that being said catalogs very powerful especially if you have many SKs or many different product categories, many different products. So the way you do it, you just launch it. This is just one campaign with different catalogs. Actually, we have here multiple cataloges by product category. We would usually launch it and they also perform quite quite well. So that's what you want to do with the cataloges. Then we would also have a promo campaign. This is specifically for promo, specifically for sales. Because when you run a sale campaign, for example, Christmas sale, holiday sale, Black Friday, Mother's Day sale, Father's Day sale, whatever kind of sale or promo you run, maybe even just midsummer sale, whatever you want to run, you want to separate those ads usually and not run them in your evergreen campaign because first of all, your main campaign should be rather focused on cold acquisition and prospecting because this is how you grow your business. If you keep selling and retargeting to the people that you already are targeting, then you'll just empty your funnel. Sell to all those people, but then you have no one else new in the funnel and no one to spend on to actually get them to buy from you. So you can see here the frequency is much higher and the way we structure this is very simple. Here we actually do use custom audiences. We would have one broad adset. We would have have one warm adset and one hot adset. The hot ones are the people who literally purchased already. they might want to purchase again another product something like that. The warm ones are website visitors, engagers on social media, the people who add it to cart and so on and the broad one is just broad and Facebook finds the best audience for you by itself. You can see here actually because we run offer ads here. It performs quite well. Of course, the rows is quite high, but also the frequency on those two audiences is noticeably higher, which makes sense. And here on broad it's lower, which makes sense as well. And in those adsets, they are all like the same. They are all just duplicated with different audience settings. Here we just have our offer ads. And we don't even run split tests here, but all ads in one adset because for sales, it's not enough time to do split tests to do learnings. You just want to have all ads in one adset. So that's here the case. So that's our typical campaign structure. We would have a main broad CBO. We would have a promo campaign like this and catalog ads if it makes sense. Then one more thing that we run occasionally when it makes sense is actually a manual retargeting campaign. Yes, I said the broad CBO does retargeting for you and that is completely true. But sometimes you will notice, hey, like the frequency for the last 30 days is only like 1.5. That's still kind of cold. It seems like the ads are so good for cold audiences that Facebook doesn't even retarget so much. And in those occasions, we would usually launch a retargeting campaign and see. And here is one where we did it. And you can see actually the ad spend here is relatively high. It's lower than all the cold campaigns. Those are all old campaigns. By the way, don't be confused like why we have so many cold campaigns. This is just because we have so many products. So we still run the one CBO structure but we run it for every single product and by doing so we have multiple campaigns. You usually don't want to mix products in your campaigns unless they have similar product economics otherwise it will be pretty hard to track. So now in the retargeting we have we are actually retargeting for all the products. Here we have a retargeting adset per product. You can see actually those are all off right now because again we just out of the Q4 season there the promo campaign actually retargeted so we didn't need it here but overall you can see the performance is quite decent for this brand they are looking to be higher than the rows of two here we just have one adset per product and then we have the best ads of that product in that adset and then again we have just social media engagers people who watch the video ad people who added to card people who visited the website and so on the typical retargeting audience so this is something that we sometimes run an addition. And yes, it's kind of outdated because the broad uh campaign does it itself for you perfectly. But sometimes it's not that effective. Sometimes for some brands, especially when you have a really long sales cycle, a retargeting campaign can make sense. And this is why you want to test it. If you notice, hey, my frequencies are actually not high, but they are rather low. I could actually cash out more. And this is exactly what we do here. Now, another modification that we occasionally do is actually still running interest audiences. And if you're familiar with like recent media buying trends and recommendations, it might sound really funny, especially also coming from me because we run the one CBO campaign structure. For some niche brands, we still see that interest audiences perform somewhat better or on par with broad audiences. Especially if your pixel is not trained, if you run a new brand, if you basically need good data in your pixel, then you want to give it a direction with interest. You first do that. It usually later on broad will outperform. But that is a good way to actually train your pixel to give the whole account a direction and after that just transition to broad. Now for this brand this brand is so niche that interest sometimes still performs and this is basically why we have the one campaign structure here again per product. This is why we have multiple campaigns but some of the top performing ads we will launch them on broad and also on interest. the adset is completely identical but we launch it also on interest and that might sometimes go out to a different audience and give additional performance. Sometimes the interest asset even performs better. Now you can actually see here the broad is doing noticeably better. So that's also usually expected. I don't recommend like playing around with interests too much but if you have a super niche brand and not much pixel data yet it might perform well for you. So the way we do this is we will literally have like still the same like split tests here of course three creatives split testing one thing and then what we would do is just setting up an interest audience not one interest or something because that is super super limited usually an interest stack so it almost becomes broad. We would put there like 10 to 15 interests that are related to the topic that are related to the product to the interests of the actual person who would watch the ad and buy. So it's almost like broad but but we just push it slightly into a direction and on the cons that don't have a lot of data yet that tends to perform a bit better than broad but eventually everything transitions to broad and starts performing better there. So this is just one thing that you might want to test if you run on a new account if you run a new product if you don't have much data but otherwise I I don't recommend it much. Mainly I would stick to the one CBO campaign structure. Focus on super strong ads. Potentially test the catalog if it makes sense for your brand and of course also a promo campaign. Now if you understand all that but wonder, okay, but how can I actually make those really well performing ads and do them strategically? Check out the video I linked in the description because there again I I talk through our entire thought process and like mental framework of how to actually prepare winning ads and how to test them structurally and with a framework and not just randomly some ideas you find online. Because one of that is gambling, the other one is predictable results over time. And if you want someone to help you with that and actually structure your ad account in a good way like this or prepare winning ad creators for you, click the first link in the description because this is exactly what I do for e-commerce. Keep scaling. I

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: Structure can be important, but usually more important is that you have the right creative as Facebook is doing a great job at optimizing which ads should be seen by your audience now.
  2. @Onetoomany2 [1 likes]: Is this the same for service ads??
  3. @dicional [1 likes]: salve man, sou do brasil e estou aprendendo a como escalar ai no seu pais. sucesso, estou maratonando video de como voces escalam no pais de voces para eu fazer igual. Pelos videos que vi a forma que voces anunciam e muito diferente daqui do Brasil. Sucesso !!
  4. @elmirj7549: Great video, when you do a retargetting campaign do you do ABO or CBO.  Curently doing broad in one campaign but think about doing a retargetting campaign too. People keep saying it's dead and doing one broad campaign.
  5. @trackingconsulting: This structure works. But fast scaling only holds if tracking is accurate.I audit a lot of ad accounts where Meta shows wins, but GA4 + server-side data tells a different story.
  6. @BLKBOII9: W video

- Creative Iterations To Scale Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en So, got a lot of questions. So, on how to do iterations and variations post Andromeda. Long story short, today's video is just going to kind of go over at least what I've been doing lately that's been working for us post Andromeda. Uh, as I mentioned before, I don't have the secret sauce to Andromeda or anything like that, but it's just what's working for us. You know, I manage probably close to 10 different ad accounts for clients and everything like that. spend [music] over a million dollars a month on Facebook ads and I have over 140 plus paid students that pay me on a monthly basis to uh you know mentor them and consult with them in their business and stuff like that. Here's what's working for us right now for iterations and variations in an Andromeda world of Facebook ads and stuff. So you have a winning ad. Now what what do you do after you have a winning ad? Well, there'll be two kind of technically things that we're going to do here. Um there's going to be iterations and then variations. Uh I like to look at basically the difference between these as iterations you're changing one thing and variations you're changing multiple things but still the core idea of what we're trying to communicate to people is still there. Right? So like we're still going after the same desire, awareness, sophistication, persona, but you know the angle slightly different of how we communicate that message to people at variations and iterations is where we're just changing one single variable. Uh and for me that's going to be the main two things which is going to be new location and new person. So, you know, we maybe have like a winning UGC video where the girl films it in the bathroom and then I would get her to go film it in the car. I'd go get her to film it in like the living room. I'd go to get her to film it by the pool, for example. So, same video, just new locations that are visually different enough than the first one, right? So, if we have her filming in the bathroom and she's just against a solid white wall, then she goes in the living room or, you know, dining area, whatever, and she films it again against a solid white wall, it's like it's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] visually different enough. So, like new locations that are visually different from the uh different locations we're going after. Now, the next thing is is that a we're going to test a new person with that same script in that same location. Maybe we know or maybe we're going after younger girls, 23 years old who just graduated college and stuff. Well, what I'll go do now is look for other 23 year old girls. But I'm going to look for different ethnicities. So, you know, just different races of girls in that sense right there. I'm going to look at different body types, [music] shapes, sizes, things like that to where it's different visually enough again in between each girl. I don't want to go to the level of like, all right, we have a attractive blonde girl with blue eyes in the mirror talking about our product. I don't want to go find a blonde girl with brown eyes and then a blonde girl with green eyes. Like, that's so micro. So, the different girls would allow me to appeal to different subsets of girls, right? So maybe our target customer, a female that's 23 years old, she may only swipe on a girl that is a little bit more, I don't know, heavier set. Or maybe she's only going to swipe on a girl that's a little bit more um, you know, brunette, for example. So those different types of girls allow me to appeal to different types of girls within that 23-year-old market. Once I start changing the whole thing, for example, like going after a girl who is 50 years old with menopause, well, that's going to be a little bit different. That's where we're actually going ahead and changing that whole persona right there. And it's kind of technically a new concept right there. Um, so that's that's kind of where like I I'm going to still have guard rails for these locations and um these people right here of what we're going to do. Now, I actually have a uh Instagram account that I've been following over the last couple weeks or a couple months, and I think this is just a phenomenal like I couldn't give you guys a better example for today of someone who found a winning concept and continues to iterate on it, literally only doing these two things. There's this guy right here. He basically just goes and creates this one idea, this one concept. day number four of fighting a random follower every day until I get knocked the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. That's literally his only concept. And he literally done did dozens of these um starting off just in a park fighting random people. So in the park fighting random people and then he slowly started escalating it. He started going to new locations and then after he started doing the new locations, he started even doing like some like little outfit changes and stuff like that. Long story short, he's investing more into the concept now. He did a low-level test of that concept. Now he's investing more into it. He's going ahead and testing new locations. He's going to start testing new people. You'll see here in a second. He even had like going to Andrew Tate's house and like fought Andrew Tate and stuff like that. All these cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] places. And he just keeps like literally almost identical in terms of how each one is filmed. But what is he doing here is he's consistently doing things to it that's going to try to make the concept better, which is cooler locations and cooler people. And that's what allows him to reach more people, allows them to appeal to more people. And he continuously keeps investing into the concept to grow the concept further. And I I just think it's a phenomenal example right here of doing iterations, right? Yes, it's not ads related. Oh, but I I run Facebook ads, not organic content. Dude, like seriously, like just take the idea right there of what I'm trying to articulate to you. Um, from there and apply it to your ads, right? So, that's iterations. Now, variations, right? Variations are fun. This is another thing I like to do here. Uh, keep in mind I'm probably going to do more iterations in the beginning. I always start off with iterations first, then I go to variations, right? So, once I go do the thing of testing all those different styles of like him fighting in different locations, different people and stuff, then it's like, okay, what are the different variations, right? So, can we do a short form versus long form script? If we're doing a video ad, right? I may try a half the length versus double the length. Now, I'm not just like chopping up the video. I'm literally going to intentionally write a script that's shorter and intentionally write a script that's longer right there. Different creative style. So, maybe we're doing all UGC videos right now. Let's go do a more professional polished video. Maybe we're doing organic image with long form primary text. Or maybe we're doing UGC right now. We can go do organic image with long form primary text. Maybe we're running a ton of images right now. Can we do the um I don't know if you'all ever seen a notes app creative style versus like a professional product shot, right? Just different creative styles that we can apply to the messaging we're work that's working for us right now. And then going ahead and tweaking that messaging to fit that particular creative style right there. Now, the last one is going to be a new hook pattern that alters the script uh enough to where it's different. Right? This is like the difference between me saying how to scale Facebook ads versus three ways to scale Facebook ads. Notice how like the script for this one just be me directing the ad account showing y'all how to um scale Facebook ads versus this one right here. I would actually be talking about three different ways and which one I personally prefer the most. Next one authority angle. All right. So, you know, doctor reveals the quickest way to lose weight and it's like a doctor sitting down and talking about various different ways uh to lose weight, right? Maybe you create a metaphor. This product gives you energy by resetting the fuel lines in your body. And if we, you know, kind of talking about like starting off with if you restrict the fuel lines for an engine, it slows down. Well, if you do the same in your body, you also slow down. So, how do you open them up? Well, you take a nitric oxide supplement, which opens up your body's natural fuel lines, which gives you more energy throughout the day. So, that's more of like a metaphoric aspect right there. These are going to create again new scripts. When I create a hook, the rest of my script is about that hook. I I I just see that so many people do this just retardedly where they create a new hook, three ways to scale Facebook ads, and then they just take the original body that does not even talk about three ways to scale Facebook ads and then attach it to it and like, oh, why is my ads not working? Why is Meta labeling my ads as creative similar? It's like you keep testing the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing over and over and over. These are the big things that we're doing right now that's working for us. And then uh basically the next thing here is that every iteration or variation should have a hypothesis on why it should work better. I'm not just going create iterations and variations to create iterations and variations. The whole goal here is that I have intention behind me going create an iteration or variation with the idea of hey this is going to beat the original ad. So in that case, for example, here's like a hypothesis. Um, our winning ad right now looks like an ad, but for professional production, I want to better camouflage that winning ad to look less like an ad, so less people swipe past it and lowers their radar of an ad to be coming up. Using the organic image plus long form text will allow us to do so. Plus, our audience is mainly 60 50 to 60 year old, so it's more natural format specifically for them. So notice right here, this particular hypothesis calls out, you know, hey, this is great. We have this winning ad, but here's one of the problems with it. And here's an idea based off our audience, what they already naturally consume. So, let's go create that based off our winning ad. So if our winning ad talks about the secret to losing weight for 2026, then you know I'll go create a organic image and long form form primary tax all around the secret to losing weight 2026. So I'm still going to keep the same awareness, desire, persona angle, but I'm just going to alter the script to fit that particular creative style I'm trying to go for. And then here I'm just going to go create and test it. And once we have no more ideas, we stop iterating and variating. I I think that's where a lot of people go wrong. I've been in accounts before where they found a winning ad 6 months ago and they're still iterating and variating on that winning ad and they have found zero new winning ads. So, it's like for me, I'm going to go do all the locations and people that I can with that winning ad that make sense and have a reason to go into that account. I'm going do the variations that make sense and have a reason to go in that account, but once I run out of them, I'm not going to sit there and just like try to force new ones out. That's why I'm going to go back to, hey, let's back and focus on new ideas because there's just nothing else that we can iterate and variate on here. And that's important to do when you're doing this. And it's will be a switch that you'll better gauge the more you're in advertising. The more creatives you run and build and stuff and find new winners, you'll better be able to gauge that for yourself. Hope you guys enjoy this video. If you did, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Ter run your Facebook ads. And if you want me to mentor you, hop on calls with you, go over your ads with you, and everything like that, then click the link below to have Nick Terry mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Eugene.Gotishan [3 likes]: im starting to really like how straighforeward and no bullshit this guy is. Bro said "i dont have the secret sauce to this problem but here's what ive been doing that works" My man!! thats what we need more of on youtube.
  2. @ziadfarah5331 [3 likes]: hey nick what's you thought about AI UGC ?
  3. @egekaraca9426 [2 likes]: Hi nick
  4. @IsraAyasrah [1 likes]: Question: what if I greate a UGC with diffrent hooks but all hooks work well with the body
like the hook is diffrent pain points and the body is how a certain product or service solves these pain points.

would this work?
  5. @yaphula [1 likes]: how many variations should I launch to start with
  6. @anthonysakr33 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, immense value right there. As a follow up:
How do you track the iteration/variation pipeline for a winning ad? 

I'm using your creative roadmap sheet in your program which is great for keeping track of tests, but what what about the iteration/variation pipeline? (so you don't forget to test any of the possible iter/vari)
  7. @emcrumpp [1 likes]: When launching a new CBO at $100 daily, how many ad sets/creatives should we first launch with inside the campaign? We have lots and lots of content ready to go already. Just so you know, this is not for Black Friday, I just mean a normal new CBO campaign
  8. @weakens8111 [1 likes]: I can’t honestly tell if your truly trying to help or I’m just In your target audience. I’m genuinely trying to learn but I keep thinking “if I’m just his target audience, maybe I’m applying “skills” to my business that aren’t really skills, than I feel dumb for going to youtube to learn for my actual business” (this is my exact issue right now so im probably in his target audience and this video could be crafted exactly for me to make me think they understand me, and really care and love me when in reality, its a damn Chinese product!
Edit: i wrote really good copy in this comment, damn…
  9. @Sagi56668 [1 likes]: How about the new update GEM? Should we post different different and structure campaigns different?
  10. @luisgjoka665 [1 likes]: Since Andromeda, is it possible to change only the hooks visually – for example by switching persona or location – while keeping the rest of the ad the same?
Or does every iteration still require changing the entire ad?
  11. @Sdeboer22 [1 likes]: Hi Nick do you also do this with ads that are like break even or just below/above it. To have this a second chance to win? and how much new concept would you test this for if so?
  12. @city-2b2t [1 likes]: Nick 🫡 always with best Facebook ads content.
Question: Should my Black Friday/christmas/Holiday ads all go into the same evergreen campaign as an adset or have its own campaigns? 
And would it take spend automatically when it’s the best time to show it in front of people?
  13. @joellew1974 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, When you are making iterations // variations of winning ad are you putting it into a new adset or keeping it in original adset ?
  14. @mr.dontgetclapped9251 [1 likes]: I just found a new angle. This comes in clutch. Thank you!!
  15. @Ahmed-tx8ui [1 likes]: 1. Nick, I’ know how to do  the research, know the awareness stage and sophistication levels, and have watched all your research videos. I’m kind of stuck on what to write. Should I follow frameworks like problem solution and other famous one  , or how can I improve it?

2. How do you manage boxing, student calls, or clients? Could you please make a video about it, maybe like a vlog? It would be really helpful for upcoming entrepreneurs. For example, how should they start? Should they go all-in on building something, even if it means neglecting their health, diet, or gym at first, and then, after building some wealth, start focusing on these things?
  16. @pedrosierra4962 [1 likes]: 💯
  17. @Ville-q9q [1 likes]: Great content! Thanks for these videos  been watching a ton and learned a lot! Do you have a vid where you break down how you source and create the ads themselves? For example if you need a long form video, how do you go about creating that video?
  18. @themint4227 [1 likes]: This looks like an perfect time for an AI! Great content as always!
  19. @Princeecommerce: Nick change the name of Channel to nothing held back - Guys honestly nicks does his homework 📄 all
The time -insta  Account u shared is banger ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ 4:29
  20. @digicrazemd: Hi sir, Are you looking for professional YouTube thumbnail designer?

- How to create Facebook Image Ads That Scale in 60 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en So, we've been recently making these image ads that have been crushing for both our Legion clients and our ecom clients. And they literally take about 60 seconds to make. Very quick, and it allows you to push out a lot of different types of image ads really quick inside of your account to also help out with create diversity inside of your Facebook ad account. Today, we'll be diving into basically just how to make winning Facebook image ads in like literally like 60 seconds. Very fast. You don't need a designer. You don't need to pay anyone else. You can just you yourself and chat GPT and some other software I'm going to show you guys today. No, this video is not sponsored or anything like that. Uh just something I've been reusing has been crushing it for us. So, I just took a screenshot from one of the accounts that we're running right now. It's a fairly new account. So, we just came into this account and just like literally some of the first sets of ads we pushed out in this account has been crushing and beating the ads inside of this ad account from you know the client that was originally running it. Now, in this particular image right here, the biggest thing to notice is that they're both image ads. And both of these image ads were created in in the way of like the the process I'm going to show you guys today. So, first things first, I'm going to chat GBT. I'm upload my product info doc and my market research docbt. And I'm basically just going to say like, hey, there's only two docs I want you to use. And basically, if you don't know how to do this, just go to how to make winning ads as a chip in 2025 full guide where I show you how to make your product research doc and your product info doc because once you have these two docs, it's pretty much like the foundation of all your future ads and everything like that. Uh, so I'll show you how to make those things. And then basically all I'm doing here is uploading those docs and priming chat GPT with like, hey, you're only allowed to use these things. So that way everything I tell you now is be based off these two docs. Next thing I'm going to do is go to creativeoss.com. This is the software I've been using lately. Again, no, this video is not sponsored. There's no affiliate link or anything like that. So, have fun. And I was very skeptical at first about getting on with Creative OS. Um, I actually did get converted by their uh ads on Facebook. So, this is probably like one of the most recent purchases I made specifically from their ads on Facebook itself. But, I was like, hey, you know, at the worst, I'm maybe going to waste like 100 bucks. And I think honestly there's cheaper settings. Um, but I know I'm paying $100 a month, but I think there's like a 30 or $45 a month plan. Yeah. Long story short, cool thing about Creative OS is that this particular platform right here is it pretty much just gives you like a ton of Facebook image ads that have been vetted significantly. So there's other platforms like Atria foreplay where like community kind of built creative platforms where you just get to see a ton of ads saved by the community. But the cool thing about creative OS is that and I did hop on a call with the founder after already using it to I just wanted to verify these things. The cool thing about creative OS is that with Creative OS you don't like save ads and it immediately gets added in for everyone to save. Their team actually has an application process that takes hundreds of thousands of Shopify brands, puts it down to like the top 800 brands and then they have further from those 800 brands a further like filtration system to where like you know the ad has to have been running for at least a year or at least you know a certain period of time. They're also the brand itself has to have been running for a certain amount of time. It also have to be at least like 100 something ads active. So they have a very very strict filtration process for ad templates they add in and then once those templates are added in their whole design team basically just goes take these templates and turns them into Canva or Figma. I don't know why but I just have a strong like negative stigma to Figma. I've used it once and I did not like it. It's extremely complicated. Um and I don't know I've just never loved Figma. So, I never use uh Figma, but I love Foreplay or Canva specifically. And cool thing about this is that you can literally just pop it in right here. And then boom, once you take it into Figma or Canva, not Figma, you can literally go ahead and it's going to give you the copy, all of the things right here to where it literally takes you literally 60 seconds. So, watch. Let me show you. I got my template and I already kind of did some examples here, but I'm just going to do some more. I'm just going to say using this headline inspo, please create me 10 headlines for my product plus persona. There we go. Chat to spit out some stuff. And the cool thing like I like about this is that it's basically you're taking in various different templates and you don't really have to think about copy. Now, is this the only thing I ever do for image ads? No. It's just one of those things that can help you guys out with push out more image ads when you're in that particular time crunch right there. So here it's going to push out a bunch of image ads and the product info and research doc. These are both example docs I've built for Athletic Green. So that's why it's this energy powder right here. Veggies you drink sounds impossible. Feels incredible. Nutrition 60 seconds. Tell sounds too easy. Feels amazing. I really like veggies you drink. Veggies you drink. And then I'm also going to pull sounds too easy. And then I'm going to do Yeah, I'll do feel wonderful. Cool. I'm going to delete this product photo. Boom. I'm going to upload my product photo. Again, I don't work with Avalon Greens. They're not a client or anything like that. I just use them as an example because I've been having too many clients complain I've been sharing their ads on my YouTube videos. So, that's the only reason why. Um, delete their logo. Add in a logo right there. Uh, performance. I'm just going to name this performance. I'm just call greens. Performance greens. Now, I don't have image ads for or images for these little things. So, I'm just going to put delete that. Boom. I'm going move that up. And then what I'm going to do is let me just here is my headline. Please give me three sub benefits. There we go. Effortless energy boost. Boom. Instant gut relief. Oh my god. Okay. And then stronger immunity, simpler routine. There we go. Now we have an ad ready to roll. Colors I would say are iffy on this. So I could spend some a little bit more time here. Like for example, changing it more towards the like athletic green ones. So I could actually change all of these. That looks good. This also needs to change right here. change all of these. All right, quick. That looks amazing. Now, let's just say I want to do some iterations of this or like a test a few different headlines real quick. I can go in and let's just say there's another one. Mom's love, no pills, no hass dreamy feels revitalizing. Okay, cool. I can come in and do this. Boom. Duplicate. And then breakfast you sip. Sounds strange. Healthy habit zero prep sound real sick. Feels perfect. There we go. So now I have literally have three image ads. I can launch file, download, deselect the first one. Done. Download. Give it a second. There we go. And then I literally have my creatives right here. Ready to go. Super simple and honestly looks 10 times better than anything you could probably make in Photoshop itself. This is just another example I made like really quick following the same process. Let me actually log back in. to accidentally log myself out. I just want to show youall some of the other templates in here. Oh, here like another amazing one. Three reasons why use template for new design. Here I can come and do the same. I don't have a good photo for this, but I'll just kind of toss this in. AG1. Oh, wait. Hold up. Here is my headline inspo. Let's just see what this one is. Oh, here we go. Three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. I choose AG one to get my energy back. There we go. Go back to chatbt. Now, it already created the three sub benefits for me, so I didn't have to do it, but I'm going to do it like this. There we go. And then one more sub protein big results. So, there we go. And then like this one would be a good one to like basically go ahead and I could split test, you know, different like three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. Instead, I could do something like this and be like, give me two more with different desires. And then we can see what this pushes out. Three reasons why I choose each one to stop getting sick. And next one's in my daily bloating. And duplicate that. And then I would also go add in like the specific sub benefits, but I'm not going to do that for this video. Obviously, I would also do like a much better photo on this side right here. But yeah, you guys know the key thing, right? Like you would go in, you could add in like more of a higher quality photo here, some type of product photography, and then boom, like this would be ready to roll. So yeah, Creative OS really phenomenal product. Something I've been using a lot lately. They have a lot of different ad types right here. offers, deals and discounts, social proof, testimonials. There's also some other stuff they have for like different like specific industries. Yeah, a lot of cool stuff. Ad layout. This is like if you want to do like only one by on's right here. I personally do only the one by ones cuz 90% of our English or our not English ads, but 90% of our ads we use specifically with what you call it um one by on's. So here, just going to do one more example for y'all. Just because I'm actually generally interested how to make this look. So, I'm going to t that put that in right there. AG1. I'm going upload. Oh, that looks good. I'm going to change this color. There we go. That's more AG green. All right. Free gift when you spend to be honest. I think AG1 does have an offer like this. Let me go through our website real quick. It's actually a free gift when you spend $90, $79. Or it's actually a free gift when you subscribe and save. So, we'll go here. free gift when you subscribe and save. And obviously, I wouldn't want to like add in that. That's some legal stuff that we should probably keep there, but I don't know the legal stuff specifically for this product. And then use code Nickio. There we go. Cool. And then obviously you can duplicate that. Now, for this one right here, I'd probably just test different like product photos here. So, let's see. Maybe I'd bring in something like this. And I can toss that in right there. Uh, that would be a problem. Let's see if I can just shrink shrink this a little bit. Can I? Oh, it is stuck. There we go. Obviously, you would make this look a little bit better, but just to show y'all. Right there. So, I could do that. And then like I don't know, maybe another one I do. Let me crop this. I think you just double click original. Oh, wait. Hold up. I would only show the one gift. Yeah, there we go. So, just some creative differences right there. Look at that. It's literally like 10 minutes. We've made what? These three creatives, these three creatives, these three creatives right there. We just made nine new image ads. And like this is literally me intentionally rushing to get this YouTube video done. Whereas like if I actually spent like a good hour really taking my time and being very particular about the copy and like actually having the right photos that my photographer already took for me. Again, this is not a product we promote or anything like that. Putting all that in together, like you can create a lot of image ads really quick. So, hope you all enjoyed this video. Again, creative oas.com. This is not a sponsored video or anything like that. Just something genuinely that we've been liking. If you look right here, I've already saved 22 hours total for just how much I've actually been using this platform and everything like that. So, I actually have been using it and stuff. It's not just something I'm throwing at y'all real quick as like a YouTuber or anything like that. But yeah, creative.com. Hope youall enjoyed this video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Zero. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pedrosierra4962 [3 likes]: creative os is the shit
  2. @michaelcorleone9989 [3 likes]: i feel like these ads are way down the funnel, and so unscalable
  3. @timlahiff [2 likes]: I've been trying to create a custom audience but when I click "create a custom audience" nothing happens. tried clearing my catch, trying other browsers and checking access. Anyone experiencing this issue?
  4. @Breadwinner109 [2 likes]: Nick love the vids. Wanted to know if you ever give the excel sheet where you write all the concepts that you test. I remember seeing it and thought it would come in handy
  5. @We_Werent_Alone [1 likes]: Nice video❤
  6. @GreatMercy-oq9rc [1 likes]: Nick, which screen recorder, do you use ?
  7. @JaimeGuli419 [1 likes]: How do you deal with text being cut off because that is not all in the "safe zone"
  8. @Marvnation [1 likes]: Start your free trial... enter credit card detail. no thanks.
  9. @abkarim100 [1 likes]: Why dont you just ask gpt to create an image id for you?
  10. @charlesbassey4829 [1 likes]: Well done Nick, i didn't get the name of the creative template site?
  11. @a.mitkovski [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I'm launching a new line of rugby memorabilia alongside my existing Australian Football ones. Would you recommend keeping them in the same Meta campaign for efficiency, or separating them into their own campaign to avoid confusing the algorithm? They're the same product essentially but two different sports. Keen to hear your take on how you'd structure it.
  12. @infowebsite-f1g [1 likes]: Do you use naming conventions to analyze your data?

I want to setup a system that we can make fast iterations so would love to hear your opinion on this
  13. @Chess-hj4gq9rk5l [1 likes]: What conversation rate do you aim for when your selling at a minimum AOV of $170 ?
  14. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Hey Nick! What time & day is best to launch a new CBO campaign? Some say 12am midnight OR 6am on Monday for cleanest 7-day data and cheaper CPMs. Does it matter if 12a or 6am? Is Monday best day?
  15. @jasonkwilliamson [1 likes]: cool content man, how do you go from like 1080x1080 to a 1920 version like Fb reel?
  16. @yūtov6w300: I cannot stress enough how much cold emails can scale your business, especially when you use the right tools! Mystrika has truly changed my approach, providing options like AI writing and personalization. It is so important for connecting meaningfully. If you have not yet, give Mystrika a shot—your email strategy will thank you!
  17. @yamamotomio9270: I have dabbled with cold emails, but Filter Bounce has been pivotal in maintaining my bounce rate! I have been using it alongside my cold emailing tool, and the real-time verification is spot on. Their affordable rates make it easy to keep consistent quality. Do not miss out on using Filter Bounce if you want accurate insights to improve your campaigns.
  18. @harunae8yi9612: I love the way cold emails allow for open communication! Since I combined Do You Mail with my cold emailing strategy, I have noticed my reputation improving significantly. The automatic DNS configuration saves me time! If you are wrestling with deliverability, I highly suggest giving Do You Mail a shot. Their scalability really makes a difference.
  19. @yukimatsuura9374: I used to struggle with identifying valid leads, but Filter Bounce took my worries away. Integrating it with my cold email efforts was seamless! The fact that it keeps my bounce rate under 1% is amazing. I highly suggest trying Filter Bounce if you are serious about effective cold emailing. It is worth every penny!
  20. @hrsproductionsvip: NICKYY!  - Clothing Brand owner here, im usually up to date with meta, but i noticed something in your videos changed. Before it was always switching to Manual Audience Targeting, and now it seems your using Advantage + Audience. The new update where you cant choose between manual sales and advantage campaign hasnt came to me yet, but i wonder.. is advantage + audience the way to go now? Ive been running ads for a while, and always used manual. Awaiting your response ! 

Watched all your vids,
                                        @up4hours

- What To Do When Your Facebook Ads Get Disapproved | Steps To Fix AND Prevent Rejected Ads!: Kind: captions Language: en question I get a lot of is people asking me what to do because their ads keep getting disapproved and in this video I'm going to show you the step-by-step process to take to prevent that from occurring and to make sure you get your disapproved ads get approved hi my name is De I'm the creator of Facebook asator and let's get right into it the first thing you want to do is if your ads get disapproved you want to delete that ad now if you are 200% sure that your ads does not violate any policy you are not running ads in niches like a loss crypto Forex all those types of really really edgy niches then you can request a review immediately but if you are not sure you definitely should delete the ad and the reason for that is that each ad that gets disapproved it gets saved on your records as a disapproved ad and it actually increases the chances of you being banned during a manual review so it's just easier and safer to just delete the ad once and for all once you've done that the next thing you want to do is to check Facebook's policy you might have forgotten some of the policies and going to link to the Facebook as policy in the description below but this is what it looks like you want to scroll through and take your time to read through the process you're going to learn Facebook's ad review process how it works you're going to learn what to do if your ads get rejected you're going to learn the different types of content you should not be posting We have child exploitation abuse nudity uh har promoting crimes and interestingly there are some very very you might not even realize that what you are writing goes against their policy and some of those ones are the ones related to discriminatory practices or when you give absolutes like how you can make this amount of money in these amount of days how you can do this how you can lose weight in 10 days all those types of things Facebook hits it so you want to make sure you take your time to go through the Facebook's ads policy so that you are not missing things like that once you've done that the next thing you want to do is to make sure we trouble shoot the issue and the first thing you want to do for that is to use Facebook's debugger this tool is used for people who have websites if you're actually getting disapproved the issue might be that you have a complete domain band and the easiest way to even know if your uh website has been banned is to take your website URL and try to paste it in maybe Facebook comments Facebook DM Instagram DMS you realize that when you try to you will not be able to post it that's the easiest way but you can also take the time to come to Facebook share this specific debug I'm also going to link to it in the description below and then you enter your url so in this casee I'm going to just use my website my website is not banned but you can see you just have one warning the following required properties are missing Facebook app ID which has nothing to do with anything which means that my page is fine now some of the reasons why your page can get banned one of the major ones is that maybe you got hacked and you did not even realize it so your your your your website might be redirecting people to the wrong place and you did not even realize once you fix that type of issue the next thing you want to do is to come here and then click on script again because then Facebook is going to go through the page all over again and can potentially unburn cuz I had this happen with a client in fact I think we're even in the middle of a launch so I had to first get her a new domain name while I worked on getting the Hacked website restored once I was done all I just did was come here scrap it again and then I think in less than 30 minutes to an hour or so it can potentially take longer you get your website back and then you'll be able to uh run ads to it so that's the first thing it can be your website so if that's not the issue that means that the problem can be between your ad account your Facebook your Instagram page or your creative and copy so the first thing we're going to look out on this list is your creative and copy now for the copy aspects as I mentioned you should definitely go through Facebook's ad policy to make sure you're not violating it and one easy way to even make sure you're not violating Facebook's ad policy is using AI to check if your copy goes against the policy now I released a video just recently where I thought different AI prompts you can use and one of them teaches you how to use AI to check if your copy goes against Facebook's policy super super easy I'm going to drop a link to the video in the description also so you can check it out now if you fixed your copy and you're still having issues it might be the image itself so if it is the image what you want to do is to take a generic copy a generic image so the image can be something as simple as maybe a stock photo of a laptop and then your copy can be something super super basic um something like um uh using a laptop going to the be just basically a random sentence that is not particularly selling anything I can't think of anything off my head right now but something super random related to your Niche and just run the ad to see whether the ad can potentially get approved or not and the reason you're doing this is because you're trying to debug to find the exact thing that is wrong is it a copy or is it the image now if you've done both of them and the ad keeps getting disapproved it could be an ad accounts issue and for that I usually just recommend you should check the Facebook's account quality page so that's facebook.com/ account quality once you visit the page you're going to land here and you're going to be able to see recent ad account issues now you can see that one of the ad accounts that I have is showing an outstanding some ads rejected so in this case the ads that were disapproved have not been deleted yet hence why it is still showing and hence why I always say you should delete your ads because it actually keeps records of it you can also scroll down and you see past support cases you have had with meta and then on this same vein you can scroll down here and click on contact support and be able to reach out directly to meta so if you have any flag you'll be able to see it here you can also click on the view my accounts so you can see all the accounts you have and see any one of them have been flagged or the specific account you are using has been flagged if you do that and you do not actually see any flag there's an interest thing that sometimes happen it is possible for your ad account to Simply stop working I love calling it The Silent Banning method so is either all your ads will keep getting disapproved so you will not be able to run ads or you would actually be able to run ads but you would never make any sale I've had that happened with the clients before so unfortunately if if you've tried every other thing that I mentioned and then you at the last thing where it's just the ad account and it is still not working you might have to create a new ad account there is no choice in fact I have talk to a Facebook ad rep on this kind of issue multiple times and they just tell me you need to create a new ad account and just forget the old ad account it's like the ad account has been nooked you are just not seeing any sign that it has been banned yet in fact when I had the issue of not getting any sales on an account and I moved to a new account I think two months down the line I just randomly went back to the old account and suddenly it came back to life that's definitely an option for you to try out as well that's all I have for this video I hope you enjoyed it and if you did please consider giving it a thumbs up and hit the subscription button so you get notified when I release new videos like this that's all for now and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lana_ozn: My problem with placement, keep showing size issue
  2. @johnjancar6152: Yea I'm sick of this, I literally make the most rinky dink ad, that says basically nothing lol And they keep getting taken down, EVERY SINGLE AD I'VE PUT UP HAS BEEN TAKEN DOWN. 

Like they'll take it down, then I'll contest it, and they'll say oh we're sorry, it actually didn't violate our policies lol Then put it back up. Only to take it down again, an hour later, like this is all bullshit, Meta needs to fix their algorithms lol
  3. @affiliatemarketing2808: Great video
I just recently had a rejection on my Facebook ads.  Although I duplicated the ad set, one was accepted while the other was rejected, I requested for a review but was still rejected. 
I think with this your video I will go to delete it now. 
Secondly, I funded my account & ever since then , my ads does not run, the money is just there. 
I've tried to create ad, it will get approved, but 24 hours later no impressions or clicks or amount spent, every is the zero. 
What did you think might be the cause .
  4. @jennizersarmiento783: Thank you for this video.
  5. @loveandlegacyhome: Thank you for this video.

I used the debug tool to check my landing page and it's saying that it doesn't meet the community standard. Meanwhile I changed all of the content on that landing page because of this same issue.

What do I do to rectify it
  6. @topeaghomatse: Thanks for sharing! 🙌
  7. @bakreibrahim: What can we do to Facebook Ad account finally blocked with funds in it ?
  8. @ikembaspeaks: Great Video. Very useful.

- Why Your Facebook Ads Get Rejected (And How to Fix It in 2025): Kind: captions Language: en What is happening everyone? Welcome back to another video in my channel. So, your Facebook ads are getting rejected even if you follow their rules and guidelines. Or maybe your ad was running for a while and then suddenly it got rejected and you don't even understand why. So, don't worry. I got you. I've been through this thousands of times and in today's video, I will show you the easiest way to avoid it. Avoiding ad rejections and potentially risking your entire ad account of getting fully disabled or worse than that, losing your entire Facebook profile. So, here is the real problem. Facebook policies and guidelines are so confusing and they give you zero clarity about it. So, it's super easy to make mistakes and getting your ad rejected and potentially losing your ad account. They say you violated some kind of policy and you are not sure even which one or they don't tell you where. Whether it's your ad copy, your image ad, maybe it's your video or even how to go ahead and fix it. So, what do you do? You start guessing. You start rewriting. You start submitting your ad again. And then most of the time, what ends up happening is your ads getting rejected again. And most of the time if you get too many ads rejected, you will lose your ad account because of it. So hopefully you're still not in that stage. So as I mentioned before, I got you. Don't worry. So what I did is I created a free Facebook ads tool which essentially helps you to go ahead and check and validate that your ads are fully compliant. I call this meta ads compliance checker. Essentially what it is is a GPT assistant and is designed to help you with making sure your ads are compliant and it's constantly learning the latest Facebook ads policies so you don't have to go ahead and update it. Now what you can actually go ahead and check with this tool is your ad copy, your image ads, your video scripts. So essentially all your ad creatives materials. So before you go ahead and submit that to Facebook, you want to put them to this free tool, get the approval that these ads are compliant and then go ahead and upload them into Facebook. Now also make sure that if your ads are not compliant, it will give you an alternative ID, alternative text, so you don't have to try to figure out what is compliant or not. So it will give you a couple options that you can go ahead and choose from. And as I mentioned before, it's completely free and I will leave a link to it down in the description. Now, for those that are more in advanced stages and really want to scale their Facebook ads, you can get your ad account disabled and restricted not because of ad rejections, but if you try to scale aggressively and other different things and that's where agency ad accounts come very in handy. So, just in a nutshell, agency ad accounts, it's ad accounts that you rent out from a big agency that spends 7, 8, 9 figures a year, and they give you the option to rent out their ad accounts. And the whole caveat is that they get much better treatment than Facebook. And not just because of that, but overall using these ad accounts for over a year now and all my clients using these accounts as well. I barely remember the last time that my ad account got disabled or I had a pause with my ads. So for those that really try to scale their ads and they want to see consistency, agency ad accounts is definitely the way to go for. Now, in case you don't know what are agency ad accounts, I will leave a link to a video right over here that I explain everything about agency ad accounts and the benefits. And in case you would like to work with my own agency, I will leave a link in the description that you can go ahead and apply for a one-on-one meeting with me and we can see if we are a good fit. So hopefully you took some value out of this video. If you did, make sure to drop a like and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Thank you so much for watching, amigos. And until the next one, peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tokentopics [8 likes]: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  2. @yashpatvekar5054 [3 likes]: Both your links arent working
  3. @razamour [1 likes]: thanks man
  4. @patrickwayne4711: He didn’t even address the problem in the video 🤦🏻‍♂️
  5. @JoelJoshua_Official: submited my name and email for your free tool but nothing came through
  6. @tokentopics: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  7. @Lana_ozn: Waste of time, just repeating the same sentence and at the end no explanation
  8. @ashleyhayaty: Are they giving back our payment?
  9. @C_G_M_G_C: Good I hope all your lame ads fail. I am sick and tired of AI vrap amd sick and tired of sexual ads. Go f youtself if you are one of the owners of this ad.
  10. @vincenzobiasetti2014: I give you my details but nothing's appearing in my mailbox
  11. @digitalluxury2033: Thanks
  12. @Basam_life: My brother, the site does not work. Perhaps I tried to reduce the link. The site link appears to me. I have to reduce the link.
  13. @city-2b2t: Can I use my creditcard to run the ad in the agency ad account?

- Facebook Ads Rejected? Here’s the Secret Fix No One Tells You: Kind: captions Language: en Is your ads getting rejected and you know that this is impacting so badly your performance or did your ads were running for a long time and then got restricted even better because this is even more frustrating because you know that your ads were making a lot of money and then you cannot reuse them again. Well, it might be a chance that we could help you to reactivate them. If it's your case, contact me on WhatsApp and we will see what are the right solutions for you so you could advertise those ads again. There are multiple solutions such as getting the ads manually approved or we could see how we could tweak it to make it work again and get it performing again. But uh no worries, there is still some hope. Like if you're in the case where your ads were all getting approved and then suddenly none of them getting approved, that's also a good case because it means that you are at some point at the limit point. Okay? And we need to help you get just at the right point where your ads can get approved. So that's also a good use case. So if it's in your case, we can help you as well. Sometimes just the AI on meta that glitches and consider that something is on your ad and then they don't let the ad pass through. But if we're able to fix this, then everything will get back to normal and you will be able to run your ads again. If you don't know what you're doing on meta and everything get rejected, I can't help you. Okay? So, you need to have a minimum standard to make that work. This is not for everyone. We specialize in helping ecom people, advanced brands, shops to scale without blocks. And I know how it can be frustrating if you have just like those few ads that are holding you from getting the results that you want. So that's what we're here for. So let's chat over WhatsApp. And I hope this will help you. We have some secret sauce for you guys. Don't forget to subscribe and I see you in another

- What Does A Rejected Facebook Ad Look Like In Facebook The Ads Manager | Tutorial For Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en What does a rejected Facebook ad look like in the ads manager? This is a frequently asked question people new to the platform have. And today we're going to show you exactly what it looks like. Now, you might have received an email saying that your ads have been rejected. So, in order to tell which ones were rejected, we simply need to go into the Facebook ads manager and look for the active campaign or campaigns which we are running ads in. We want to select it by clicking the tick button and we want to click into the campaign itself. We want to scroll down and look for the red button in which there are rejected ads and click through on that ad set. Now, from here, it's just a simple job of navigating down to the ads until we find the one which has been rejected. And if we hover our mouse over it, we can see that it doesn't comply with the advertising policies. Now if we compare that ad which says not delivering to the ads which have been approved, we can see the green button for active and two recommendations as well to improve it. And that's all there is to it. The difference between a rejected ad and an active ad is quite simple to identify. Now, in terms of fixing it, you simply need to go into the edit section and make sure you have a look at the specific reason why the ad was rejected. It will come up in the top right hand corner and it will explain the policy that your ad is not complying with at the moment. And that's all there is to it. That's how you can tell whether or not your Facebook ad uh is currently active or if it's been rejected. Hope you found this video useful. Hit that like button if you did and have a fantastic day everybody.

- How to Appeal Rejected Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up everybody I'm going to show you in this video how you can appeal your ads you don't have to go one by one first click on this hamburger menu and click on account quality it's going to take your screen that looks like this and then select the ad account that you would like to appeal the ads in sometimes you're going to have policy violations like these ads here and sometimes they'll be flagged by the machines as incorrectly about things that may or may not be accurate so if that's the case in this case we're not running ads but about social or political issues so if that's the case uh super easy to appeal this all we have to do and keep in mind if you are going to appeal these ads you do want to make sure that you are for sure in the right on this if you have any any reason to believe that your ads actually may have violated policy then you may want to reconsider actually appealing it you could appeal it still sometimes you uh sometimes Facebook will just reject it again sometimes they'll flag your account so you just got to make sure that you are in the right and you have a good history with the account and if you've appealed things before that you know things are going to be things will proceed as you expect them to so I'm just going to check these things here I'm going to select all of them is just going to select request review this is much much much much faster than going one by one inside of the ad account right we're going to click request review and hit submit we're going to see this please wait it's going to give us a notification with a checkbox saying we'll let you know that's all we have to do thank you so much for watching have a good day

- Facebook Video & Image Ad Size To Use If You Want to SCALE!: Kind: captions Language: en had a lot of people ask me what's the best Facebook image ad or video ad size to use and today's video is going to kind of go into that should use 9 by 16s 1X ones 4X 5S well today I'll be kind of giving you what I've been doing and whether or not you want to follow that's completely up to you so here's an example right here this is what I like to do it's called a 9 by6 and then all I do is put a one by one safe Zone what does that mean that means that this full creative will be filled up as a 9x6 but all the important stuff goes in this 1X one safe Zone box and just to show youall really quick an actual creative th so that way you understand here's a great example right here so here we have a full 9 by6 but you can notice the one by one spacing that's kind of implied here in this particular creative now the cool thing about this is that we can appear on reals we can appear on stories and we can appear on a news feed and guess what we're going to be okay we're not going to have to worry about weird cropping issues um I don't have to worry about making 1ex ones and 9x 16s like I can literally everything will be here and same thing with video as well videos applied exactly the same way I just video is just not needed for this particular example right here but yeah that's that's all we do it's relatively simple what I would say answer for this and it's probably going to be like literally one of my shortest YouTube videos ever [Laughter] but yeah so I hopefully this answers everyone's question around this and again this will be for you know perfect Facebook video and photo image size to use and um another like I guess you can say key factor here is that like you want to still kind of film that 9 x16 you just want to kind of kind of keep that in mind when you're filming that the important stuff needs to happen at one by one safe Zone also too another thing is uh maybe if you don't want to do this then the other key factor I'd be looking at is do you even need a focus on 9 x16s so if we're working with a brand that has like little to no spin on 9 x16s and I'm just not going to worry about it like can care lot if it has a bad placement issue right there whereas some Brands like 50% of our spin will go to like reals and stories and we need to focus on those 9x1 16s right there but yeah so key factor here you have a full 9x6 video ad or photo ad and then all you do is just have that one by one safe Zone pretty much right in the middle uh this one's a little higher but the one we used for this one right here was right in the middle and um you know we were solid like this looked phenomenal that's it that's the perfect Facebook video size or image size to use when uh you're running Facebook ads so that way it shows up perfect in all placements and you don't have to worry about uploading 1ex ones or 9x 166s it's just boom here you go hopefully that helps you out if you enjoyed this video one of my shortest YouTube videos ever hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and with that being said have a great rest all day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @inakihisoka9181 [3 likes]: I’m uploading my video with the correct size, but an error message appears saying that it doesn’t meet Instagram’s size requirements. I don’t understand! I’m sure I’m using the right dimensions.
  2. @Zura-w5x [2 likes]: Hi Nick, is it okay if manually created captions are outside the 'safe zone' on video ads?
  3. @OBMADE [2 likes]: Basically your "safe zone" is 1:1
  4. @SeleneCastrovillacreates [1 likes]: Thank you for a simple solution without mumbo jumbo! I'm subscribing!!
  5. @gombiloto [1 likes]: 🎉
  6. @guillermothomas4121 [1 likes]: thank you for a down to the point video!
  7. @mrcleojohnson [1 likes]: Straight to the point 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
  8. @UnEjemplo [1 likes]: Great video. Quick question. Should the 1:1 space be centered or offset?
  9. @poetrydishonkenkansal6504 [1 likes]: Which size is best for Facebook ad video...plz response me asap😢
  10. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: Helpful and fun tip.
  11. @YourGameGalaxy [1 likes]: Do you have a download link to this template/overlay?
  12. @peacefulman1104 [1 likes]: Recently my client provided me with like a 2:1 ratio video. As usual I took them to capcut and change video aspect ratio to 1:1, 9:16 and 1.91:1 and fill the background with blur. But recently I am seeing though the content is good but video response isn't. What ratio should I use? Should I just use solid color or keep the original video as it is.
  13. @ChetanDas-w9w [1 likes]: Thanku so much for helping me.
  14. @HevvyMo [1 likes]: Been struggling with this! Thanks!
  15. @AlexSmith-fs6ro [1 likes]: Great  presentation, thanks.

What is the best resolution for 9:16 videos?

Will it look ok for video posts, and when pinned (under Feature) on Fb?

Many thanks!
  16. @Rajankumar-vc3en [1 likes]: ❤❤
  17. @jamiehayestips [1 likes]: What is the maximum video size in file size or minutes for a Facebook lead ad? Could it be a 23 minute video?
  18. @CR_za: People 'Ax' you?
  19. @minuteswithira5110: This is short and concise.  Thank you . I just started @wabisabiphl but got no talent for digital socmed nor adsa dn all that,  prolly the reason of tiny to no likes. But this is insightful.  Will be watching more. Thank you.
  20. @JP-wm1qz: So flexible media on or off?
And do we change to 1:1 for facebook feed or just keep it on original?

- What's The Best Facebook Video & Image Ad Size: Kind: captions Language: en What's the best Facebook ad image and video size to scale? Now, when you upload, there are different ad formats you can upload. But in this video, I will tell you just one that will simplify the process so you don't have to make many different ad formats, ad sizes, and can just focus on making the ads rather than formatting a bunch of different ads. My name is William and I've generated over 20 million in sales for seven and 8 figure e-commerce brands with meta ads. With that having said, let's get straight into the video. So the most common placements on meta are 1:1, 4 to 5, and now more and more static ads also become 4 to 5. Meta has even a function where when you upload a 1:1, it sometimes AI enhances it into a 4 to 5 because that's the new uh feed change that they had and 9 to6 for reals and stories. So the main format for statics is 1:1 and 4 to 5 and for videos 4 to 5 and 9 to6. This is why very simple solution we make everything in 9 to6. For example, if we make a static ad, we will might make it 9 to 16, but we keep in mind that in some cases it will get cropped to 4 to 5 or to 1 one. So you want to have everything relevant like the headline, like the main imagery, like the main copy, like the logo, everything relevant you want to have in this one one safe zone. So you want to design your ad to make perfect sense in a one:one format. But then if it gets like only cropped to 4 to5 or even if it goes 9 to6 into the story format, it should still make sense. So you make it 9 to6, but you keep everything important in this gray square. And this will cover literally all static placements. Now with video ads, it's very similar. They get sometimes cropped to 4 to 5 format or sometimes they stay 9 to6. So you film and like cut and edit them in the 9 to6 format, but you make sure that the subtitles actually don't pop up here, but they pop up within the four to five safe zone. And also like any text headline, any like relevant uh movements, any relevant imagery, you just keep it in this four to five safe zone. And by doing this, you literally have one ad format for all the ads. The safe zone for aesthetic ads and video ads are slightly different. But apart from that, you will literally cover 95% of all important and most relevant placements with this kind of setup. The only thing you might not cover is like a horizontal video format like in some weird Facebook placements that you probably haven't seen ever because they are just on Facebook and also just on desktop. But apart from that, you will cover everything. So very short video, but this is how I recommend doing it. If you want to learn how to scale your ecom brand to multi eight or even nine figures, check out this video where I break down the exact systems and testing framework that you need to do that. Apart from that, subscribe and like if this video was helpful. Keep scaling. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NJZ_TIGER [4 likes]: Best video ever, extremely useful for me
  2. @theledfordproductions [1 likes]: Hey William is there any way you can include that in your bio to download? There are no safezone templates like yours out there. 
You could even use that as a way to get people's emails for free and then place those people like me in your future email campaigns if you were trying to sell a product or service! 

Would be super great if you can help us viewers on your video out, thank you! 
Liked and subbed you!
  3. @grantbatista [1 likes]: Thank you! do you think its worth it to create 16:9 image ads? I think they may appear too small on the screen for anyone to even read. Ill definitely be using these tips. thanks brother!
  4. @timetoworship2748: In meta ads it says upload video larger than 500 px for Facebook stories?
  5. @mishnocGalway: Legend. Thank you.
  6. @caseyegbutu3943: Thank you very much. One question. Is this setting done in the Meta Business Suite.
  7. @uzairasif474: Hi william thanks for this i can work for you free because I want to learning in detail meta ads ecom i want some practical work ❤
  8. @etakiyrotciv9065: Thank You So Much👏

- How To Make [VIRAL] Facebook & Instagram Image Ads In 6 Mins.: Kind: captions Language: en studying massive Brands like mudwater Lululemon and ag1 and that's when I realized they all have something in common all of these major brands with massive marketing budgets are running image ads and that's why I figured hey if all of the biggest brands in Ecom are using image ads I need to implement this into my own brand so that's exactly what I did and you can see all the results that I got from actually doing this my cost per purchase went down my cpms went down everything started working a lot better and for a lot longer I think image ads are extremely underrated they're three times on average cheaper than video apps if you're not testing them out in your Ecom brand you have to be doing this so in this video I'm going to walk through my exact strategy on how I crank out image ads all right let's get right into it today I'm going to walk you through my step-by-step process on how I crank out a ton of image ads extremely easy with little to no thought actually put into them I'll show you my thought process on creating High converting image ads and then I'll actually demonstrate this and we'll build one live together so like I was saying before about the top Ecom brands in the space all running image ads with their massive marketing budgets that indicates that these are extremely successful and really underrated cuz most people are using video and on top of all of that it also means that they've been testing image ads for a long time so they know what kind of templates in copy actually work therefore all we have to do is just copy what they're doing but with our own flare so that brings me to the first step on how I create image ads so creative OS is one of the tools that I use they took the same main idea that I did and they said if there's top performing Ecom Brands spending all this money on marketing to test for us let's copy them and then provide this as a service so that's exactly what creative os does and if you want a free trial you can check them out I'll throw the link Down Below in the description but this is my go-to software to use for ideation cuz I'm not that creative I'm not a great graphic designer I'm essentially a oneman team here in my Ecom brand so I I need a little bit of help here so going on the back end of the platform we've got ad templates email templates and landing page templates and again these are all scraped from the top Ecom brands that have done all of this testing and work for us so the premise here is that you can scroll through and use any of these image ads that the top brands are using copy them into canva or figma and then replace with your own image or copy and then boom you've got your own great looking image ad and you can do all of this without having to be creative or a good graphic designer the product that we're going to use as an example is going to be this image right here it's a solo wave uh red light therapy wand it's just easy to copy and paste this and implement it into a lot of templates but ideally you'd want to do this with your own product right in your own product images so I'm going to add a filter on here and then click on features and benefits cuz I think that's the main one that we want to kind of promote or create an image out around a test I'm just going to go with this one right here uh we we could definitely replace this with our own image and then have all these different icons and copy on the left side so what we're going to do now is we're going to copy into canva just click the canva button and then use template for new design so it's got the inspiration template up top and then down below is where you actually edit your own image ad so what we first need to do is obviously replace the image because we need to bring our own product in here so we're going to copy this one we're going to paste it into canva and the first thing that we're going to do here is actually remove the background we want to show just the product similar to what they're doing up here then we might add like a light little Shadow here as well so let's get this place placed up correctly here and make sure that nothing is overlapping then what we're going to do next is add that shadow and try to get it to look a little bit you know correct sometimes canva can be a little iffy with shadows so I think what they're doing is a backdrop type of Shadow so we're going to do the same thing um but we're going to change the direction to match theirs which I think is like this the intensity could be a little lower we're going to have it like a little bit floating direction we're going to leave right here the blur amount I think that looks pretty similar there's his tight onto the product but I think this is fine it's kind of like a floating version of the product here and the reason that we're adding that shadow I think it just adds a little bit depth we could add stuff onto the background too if we want to take from a different template and plug it into here but now we've got the image placed in here edit it up background's removed now the next thing that I like to do is the headline the headline in my opinion from what I've noticed is the most important thing in the image ad it's the first place that a potential customer's eyes are going to go to therefore we need to make a really bold statement here we need to capture their attention and if it's the only thing that they read we want it to be the headline I think testing marketing angles in terms of advertising is one of the most if not the most important thing in terms of overall marketing so we need to come up with a strong marketing angle here for this product and that's where the second tool that I use comes into play there's also a free trial for Dropout AI as well I'm just showing you guys the exact process that I go through because I'm again I'm not really a creative person so I rely on tools and so what we're going to do here is plug in our product name in the description of the product so now I've plugged in red light therapy wand and then I said the emphasis is to reduce skin irritation redness and blemishes and now what we're mainly looking for today is marketing angles for that headliner we might come back and pull a couple other things for the copy on the left side as well but for now we're just going to hit generate and then we can see if there's any strong marketing angles that we want to use so what it came up with was say goodbye to unwanted spots and hello to clear your skin feels like magic wand I kind of like that perfect for the days when your skin feels angry imagine waking up with the skin that loves you back I kind of like that one the best that's a pretty strong marketing angle there I think that would capture my attention at least and I think it's a pretty strong headline that I'd want to test out so we're to copy that and go back into canva we might have to adjust this a little bit but we're going to paste it in here let's play around with this a little bit and see what we can do here I'm going say imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back so I think I want to change the way this is laid out and make this part smaller and then this kind of like the main header and then the subheader is this underneath it so we're going to take that here we're going to capitalize all those letters all right so we're adding this subheader portion here and then we're going to reduce to size maybe to like 40 okay we're going to pump it up there to 46 and kind of align it right there I think we're going to lower this just a smidge okay imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back that's our headline for right now and we might change the background here to kind of emphasize this a little bit more now we need to add the icons in here and change the copy and we want this copy to actually enhance our marketing angle so it's waking up with skin that loves you back so we're thinking nourishment healthy skin plump really rejuvenated Feeling by using our product so what we're trying to do here is do a mix of backing up the marketing angle but also listing the features and describing our product a little bit so our first statement that we're going to say is reduces Fine Lines we're going to copy the same format of this ad and actually say how our product does this so This is actually not like a product I'm selling but I'm just going to make up some statistics or like some features of this product just for the sake of the example all right so that's what we're going to say for this one we need to change the icon here so probably something with like a light bulb so we're going to go into the element section and type in light bulb we're probably going to do all black and white for these uh actually I don't know I kind of want to do like a little bit of color here to make it pop since we have a white background right now but the problem with colored icons is they call kind of need to match to some extent so it's a little bit more difficult unless you've got like an icon pack or something like that but let's change this one and just use this icon here and we're going to replace it right there and we're still going to be formatting and adjusting these later but let's just get these figured out first we're going to need to move this down just slightly just to give a little bit of space in between those so now the second thing that we're going to add as kind of our subheader of you know what the features are of the product so I looked up some features of what this product actually does and there's a galvanic current I don't even know if I'm saying that right we're going to plug that in there and then copy the second part here obviously this is all dependent on your product right of what the features are of your own but we're going to add this right here give a little description of that scoot this over here then we're going to need an icon for that one as well and then honestly we're not going to do a fourth running out of space here cuz we're getting pretty descriptive so we're going to scoot this one up take this one move it down a little bit and then let's separate these three we'll make them a little bit more even later on but for now we just going to change this let's do like a current here so Graphics let's see I need like a like electricity kind of thing maybe like a zap like a lightning could be good we could also match the vibe of this product right so we can change the color go into here we can pull this exact type of pink let's get this about the same size as the other icons align those a little bit better maybe pull it up a bit here let's quickly grab in the last one that we want to do so we're going to do facial massage here from their description okay so now we got facial massage we've got the other description in here and we're going to pull another icon let's just type in facial and see what we boom easy for this one let's maybe do like a different color we might do a blue okay I think that is good enough it's I wish this was a little more bold actually maybe we can use one of these let's use this one instead we're going to change the color of this one and we're going to make it blue and we're going to match to about the same size as the other ones here give or take so now we need to obviously kind of format these cuz there's a little bit too much space in between each one or the space is not actually equivalent to each other now all of them are 43 pixels away from each other now let's make sure these are all in the same place in comparison to the description on the right side all right so those are looking pretty aligned here and then we can obviously change anything that we want to make it a little more branded to our specific brand such as fonts coloring all those types of things and to even add a little more texture here I might go back onto creative West and actually pull a background from a different company and then use that one all right let's click on this one right here I think this nice pink gradient could be good for the product that we're selling and I do like their fonts and I like the colors that they've got going on here so we're going to use that as inspiration so let's take this from canva and paste it back on our other one here with this nice gradient now we're going to want to change these to White I think it'll pop a little bit more so we're going to change all and so this one let's see what kind of font they're using they're using this fredoka font with an effect on it and so the effect is an outline and it's a black outline let's see if that actually looks pretty good with ours yeah we're going to change all of these yep it's looking a little more bubbly I like it a little bit better and now we're going to change this to the effects and we're going to outline and then we're going to do black like they did I think it pops a lot more actually so we're going to do that for all of these real quick okay so now we got all those done we need to also copy this kind of I would say like you know separation between the headline like this should be like more bold than this in my opinion so in order to do that we can do a couple things we can add a line underneath it we can make it bigger I think the first thing we're going to try is just making this bigger and see if that looks good honestly I don't mind it let's try to put that for all of these let's try 46 so I still don't think the headlines fully stand out so we're going to try an underline here to see if that works um a little bit better I don't think I really like that that much so we might just add a [Music] line so what we're actually going to do to separate them is actually just take the box from the other one from the other template that we're using and plug it in right here and then separate them a little bit all right so I reduced the size of this a little bit and added the backgrounds to it I think it looks a lot cleaner and it's not as cluttered as before we move the icons over a little bit we should probably change the color of this one though let going to go with another yellow maybe or even a black uh I think I like yellow so we're going to leave that one as yellow we're going to leave the light bulb here and the facial massage there so this is looking pretty good for this we can scoot it up maybe just a smidge let's see how that looks I think that's a pretty strong headline there it showcases the product here are the features of the product we can even add arrows here pointing to the different areas of the product if we wanted to which I see a lot of major Ecom Brands doing so let's add a few of these in here and see how it looks it might be too cluttered but we're going to just try and see how it kind of looks here we'll never know I mean honestly so far I don't think it's too cluttered I don't know if I like these arrows in here just cuz they're all poting the same exact way if we had this in the center and this kind of populated around it then I think the arrows would make more sense we're actually going to reduce those and keep it a little bit more simple so now we're essentially done with this image ad and we're good to go and test it out we just took a couple different elements from two different ad templates here a little bit of this one with more placement in the structure we took more of the copy styling and coloring from this ad and put them together to create this one now this ad is ready to go and start testing this is how easy it is to crank out so many of these image ads as long as you have your product photo and know what kind of copy that you want to write in your marketing angles if you've got all of those aligned you can just crank out so many different ads on all all of these templates on Creative OS which just allows you to take all of this creativity from these big brands that have a large marketing budget which we don't have let them do all the heavy lifting and then you just copy and paste it add your own flare to it with your own ads and then boom you're good to go so this is my personal process on how I create image ads that actually convert I don't create them from scratch I just copy the big Brands and then add my own product image and copy and essentially like my own flare to them and kind of morph together a couple different templates you guys should definitely try out image ads for your brand if you haven't already it's a lot cheaper again it's three times cheaper on average than video ads which is really really helpful to scale especially during quarter 4 when ad costs are typically higher all right guys thank you for watching I hope this was really helpful for you guys let me know if you have any more questions about my strategies or want to see more videos like this in the future and of course if you got any questions just leave them down below in the comment section and of course if you want to join my mentorship get a free custom store three live coaching calls a week all completely for free I'll have that link Down Below in the description as well all right guys again thank you for watching and I'll see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessadesign93 [65 likes]: Just letting you ALL KNOW, that not only this website service is expensive, but it also makes it incredibly hard for you to cancel the subscription. Companies with those practices, are not worth your time.
  2. @AustinRabin [10 likes]: Hope this video helps you guys scale up using image ads! Don't forget to get your free custom store and mentorship here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @Marketingparalatinos_ [4 likes]: I think so too! I’m
Using images and are working for my client
  4. @vanessadesign93 [3 likes]: I requested by email to cancel my subscription because this website doesn't give you an option to cancel, and nobody replied, so now I was charged! Does anyone know what else can I do?
  5. @grantfarrell6451 [1 likes]: Can this be done in video mode ads ??
  6. @ManonMoreau-l7m [1 likes]: Great video! Really enjoyed the content
  7. @alexidornigie4599: It depends.
  8. @Encryptra: thank rabin
  9. @stevenbazan9681: great  info thank you
  10. @AnandMirdha-z9x: ❤❤
  11. @bestcitywalkz: you're making a huge assumption that those brands are trying to get sales off image ads.  Giant brands like Coca-cola can spend millions just on "brand awareness" campaigns.  Doesn't mean you should copy that strategy, unless you have millions set aside for "awareness".
  12. @Aqwal_al3oulama: what u putting music into your video this is very disturbing next!!
  13. @Cashfloww-h9t: I bought the plan on glitching and i can’t generate digital products
  14. @ATL-gb3ub: Awesome work!!!
  15. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Solid tips on image ad creation! I'm curious, what are your thoughts on A/B testing different image styles within the same campaign to optimize for performance?
  16. @learning11-d3g: Austin are you also running DPA ads?
  17. @colinatx19: Great ideas. Thank you
  18. @inspsto: that's what I needed !
  19. @LuciaMills-k2y5p: great info thank you
  20. @upadhyayrohit420: fonts me hag dia bhai tu

- Stop Their Scroll With These Facebook Ad Image Best Practices [With Examples For Inspiration]: Kind: captions Language: en ad which you might think is your ad copy or maybe it's your headline or maybe it's your offer which are all very important but they're not as important as choosing the right image and we're going to go through that in just a second and the reason that is is because your image stops your audience from scrolling if they don't stop scrolling in their news feed they're not going to see all the rest of those things that you might have already dialed in so without the right image your your ads are not going to get the results that you're looking for so it's critically important that you choose the right image and test out various different images to get the right one uh that really catches your audience's attention so if this is the first time joining one of my lives i'm brian sukansky i help businesses that have moms as their audience crack their code on facebook ads so they can scale their business and cut their work hours in half so let's kind of talk through a couple different best practices in terms of those facebook ad images everybody thinks that they can kind of go into canva or any of those other image galleries and just pick some stock photos that are somewhat related to their ad and kind of just push them in and kind of use them as an afterthought and what i'm telling you today is that it's worth spending some not only some effort but also some money uh in terms of maybe hiring somebody to help you with but also going into maybe spending a little bit more time in canva doing some design work to make sure that you're catching your audience's attention and ultimately getting uh the um again stopping people to scroll uh through that and this is also helpful from from a compliance perspective as well so what people don't realize and what i work with a lot of businesses all the time in that they try and not only stop the screw you know stop their audiences scrolling with a photo but putting a lot of text in their image and facebook doesn't love that because in most of the facebook posts that you see in the news feed they're just kind of really pretty pictures they're they're ones kind of uh really authentic pictures that are along with kind of the posts that are out there you're not seeing a lot of images that have text overlays and things like that so as much as possible in your ads and this is kind of the facebook's policy along the way this kind of goes with the compliance uh stuff that i've talked about in prior videos and not really calling out your audience they want your ads to really blend in with the news feed as much as possible like facebook doesn't want a bunch of ads in there that really stuck out like a sore thumb and and kind of remind their uh view like remind their audience like hey you're getting these ads every you know four or five posts they wanted to really blend in to be entertaining to really stop this you know stop their scroll get them reading make a purchase those kind of things without the audience really even thinking about it they don't want to be going through the news feed and saying like why is facebook uh putting all these ad images in front of me it just gets really annoying after a while so your job as an ad creator is to not only create images that uh you know blend it like not only blend in but really um you know fit in with what facebook wants so if you have a image that has a lot of text in it what facebook is going to do it's going to penalize you not by not by rejecting your ad but it's going to cost significantly more to put your ad in front of more people so you'll see that in terms of the analytics you'll see that not only in the lead cost it's going to really come through in kind of that cpm column in that cpm column again that typical average is really 25 or below if your image has a lot of text in there you'll see your cpm is going to be closer to 55 75 100 it's going to be double or triple what it should be because facebook is penalizing you for having all that text within your image because they don't want that again that signifies to their their audience like okay here's another ad that i should just keep scrolling on by so i'll show you one of those in just in a second to give you an idea of what to avoid so text is one of those that really stands out it's one of the first questions that i ask you know potential new clients uh anytime they're having uh you know not getting the results they're looking for but also thinking that their lead costs are too high like do you have text within your image and uh again text can be a great thing if you if you think about it strategically and again i'll show you some examples of when using text can be a great way of doing that especially if you're using humor but also kind of speaking to the thoughts in your audience's head but if you're just putting out your offer on top of your image and hoping that people not only see the image but are interested in your offer right away uh facebook's likely gonna charge you more for that and you're not gonna get the results that you're looking for so again this will make a little bit more sense when i go through the examples but really the idea of your image is not to not to sell your audience on anything it's just to get them to stop their scrolls so some best practices in terms of the images is make sure that it's something that's going to catch your audience's attention again it's great if it's relevant to your ad as you add and add copy as much as possible sometimes as possible sometimes it's not but if you can relate it that's great but how do we catch their attention we want to have bright colors in there really as part it doesn't have to be the entire photo could be just one segment of the photo that really stands out with a bright red or a really light blue or some greens in there or some reds or some pinks like you know something that really pops off and really catches their attention again it doesn't have to be the whole photo it could be something that really stands out it could be just a it could be a great nature photo that really um catches their attention as well like if you just have a great photograph of something in nature that gets them to stop scrolling that makes a lot of sense too again i'll show you a couple examples of that to really bring that to life in just a second uh the other thing is like you can use black and white black and white is completely fine it doesn't always have to be colorful to really stand out but with that black and white it's got to be something that is uh something they haven't seen before something really cool that catches their attention as they start scrolling and really think about it could be just like a you know think about as almost like a piece of art like what is something that is going to catch their attention as they go through in black and white um you know because you're not using that color you have a little bit more work to do in terms of putting that design and art in there to do that so how do you really think about that again places like canva are a great place to start in terms of going into their image library typing in some keywords that are related to uh your images i'll show you a couple examples of what i did for a client more recently just going through canva picking out some ideas and we use that as kind of a brainstorming session the other thing i've kind of suggested to clients as well is go on upwork upwork is a great uh place to find some graphic designers for a very low cost so you can get it for maybe like five dollars go in there uh show an a graphic designer an idea of what your ad copy looks like show them some ideas like share some ideas of what potential images might make sense obviously share with them some of the ad best practices that i'm talking about here in terms of bright colors and things like that and allow those experts to go out and find you some great ideas and again they might not get you and over time you'll find some graphic designers on upwork that really work really well and again if they give you ideas for five dollars that really stand out you can use them that's a win but if you spend five dollars and you don't get an image or a photo that doesn't work again what's uh like again go out to several different graphic designers and and find the one that works for you again i am kind of always looking for building relationships with uh you know kind of those direct response uh graphic designers that focus on facebook ads so i'm always building those relationships and finding those people that have a specialty in terms of finding the right images but also the ones that speak directly uh to audiences to get that conversion so that's that's the benefit of actually working with a copywriter like me or a graphic designer that does it for a living but again even if you're trying to create your own ads i'll show you a couple examples of how to do that going forward so let's actually jump in and just show you a couple different examples i want to start with kind of again i talked about kind of the text in um the text in the photo i just want to show you an example of one that i saw more recently that kind of brings us to life and again kind of one that you should avoid in terms of the overall text in your images so this one is just a homeschooling homeschooling a science course you can see here you know this is really what i see from a lot of education companies but from a lot of business in in general they're trying to sell you know they're trying to put a relevant photo here uh but they're also trying to sell their entire offer so this one 2021 enrolling roman closing soon uh this is what it is here's here's the website to go to but you can clearly see like anytime anybody is scrolling through and they see these two images on the left hand side like i can clearly see that this is an ad and it makes it less likely that somebody is actually going to see the ad copy that they're going to read the headline that they're actually going to click through because it just looks like an ad and nobody really goes to facebook to buy things they go to facebook to connect with people to kind of zone out a little bit uh so as they go through a news feed and they're seeing a photo like this and they can see you know it kind of just triggers in their brain like okay this is an ad let me just scroll even faster let me like let me move on to something else and again the other part as well is like in these photos in terms of the colors and things like that there's nothing that really sticks out to me that's really going to catch my attention again with all that text that is in there um it's one of those things that uh again um people are just gonna keep scrolling and there's like 2021 enrollment is the one that in that light blue that really sticks out to me but again if i don't know what you're if i don't know what i'm enrolling in or what it's all about why am i gonna you know pay any more attention to it if i if i don't have again it doesn't say anything about science it doesn't say anything about my pain points any of those things that really get me into the ad copy and those kind of things so again don't try and sell your entire you know put your entire offer in there don't try and do everything in the image the only objective of the image is to stop that audience in their tracks stop them scrolling and then get to that first line in your ad copy and then again that's where your ad copy is really important once they get into that first line once they get into that second line hit that see more button read the rest your ad copy that's where the quality or offer is really important that's where you're you know using story based copy to really connect with them emotionally and to get them to that next click again the whole idea of the ad isn't to sell or get them to purchase right away it's only to get them to that landing page or sales page that you're sending them to and on that landing page and sales page that's where you're trying to you know answer objections answer questions and get them to close the sale so really think about like in the order of operations what are the parts of the ad that um are really just trying to catch attention so that's things like the image and the headline and uh the first two lines of the ad the more of the conversion is kind of the lower end of the ad copy the landing page the sales page so don't try and do everything within the image because by doing that you're gonna you know you're gonna number one look like the uh look like um an advertisement but number two facebook is going to charge you a lot more just because they don't want images like this because it looks like an ad they don't want their audience going through the news feed being like why is facebook showing me so many advertisements like it's just completely clear when you use photos like this uh what what is going on so let's go into some examples that'll kind of put this into practice and this is one that really kind of stuck out to me and traffic is traffic and funnels um you know they teach um you know facebook ads to their clients so obviously they know what they're doing but this is just one like anytime you can kind of tell the story or kind of um introduce the story that you're about to tell in your ads with an image and this is one that kind of really stuck out to me so like okay it's pointing to you hiding behind the desk and this client being like a raptor coming coming around and then you get to that sets up kind of the headline and kind of the first first couple lines of this which is um hey are you available it's saturday morning when this message hits your inbox so again with the context of this like okay it's saturday morning and your client is like a raptor like uh ready to destroy your weekend in doing that so it kind of puts you in the right frame of mind of like what is your problem and setting up the benefit as you go along and i also just wanted to highlight a couple other traffic and funnel photos as well so like here's one again if you're gonna use text like how can we kind of insert a little bit of context how can we insert maybe a little bit of humor and that's what they do within this image right here like hello my name is you dm me your pitch prepare to die everybody has gotten those pitches via dm like somebody just um you know cold pitching them so that kind of goes to some of the humor there if i go a little bit further up uh in terms of you know here's another one kind of telling a story so here's a girl value posts clients trigger brain again telling a story within that image just makes it really funny and then gets you to okay what is this at all about and you're in the right frame of mind towards doing that i talked about using color obviously they have some reds in here they have some blues in here uh that's uh helpful again this one's a little bit more black and white if you can see kind of the light bulb and using some of the text in here to provide some context is really helpful if i just show you a little bit more of these again here's kind of just you know here's an interesting type of an image but it kind of just gets you stopping your scroll because it's like a skeleton among some flowers so it's just kind of um you know it kind of just activates your brain to say like okay like what is this all about it kind of just really sticks out within your news feed then the other thing you can do and this is kind of the next example is how can you kind of provide a photo of what you know what you want your clients or your audience to achieve so this is kind of a weight loss roadmap or a metabolic road map for men and kind of this is you know it's kind of showing like where you want these men to go with kind of standing there with their shirt off with a six-pack abs so you know for this audience this is going to stop them in their tracks because it's just like whoa this this dude looks exactly you know the way i want to look when i lose weight and kind of build muscle and all those kind of things once i go through that program so they're going to stop their scroll and they're going to start reading that ad copy and start to think about like how can i be like this guy how can i get to the point where i look um you know and kind of uh demonstrate like you know kind of just him standing there very very confidently uh in that in that um stance the other one as well is like that has worked really well just kind of showing poor pictures of nature like again this is one that i got more recently in my news feed again you have the kind of the mountains you got to get the guy at the top of the range but again it's just kind of like an interesting photo it's just like a great photo that kind of gets you to stop your scroll and like okay what is this all about like this is just uh what's what's the context here and get people kind of raising their attention a little bit here's another example again i talked about color and how you want that really to stick out and how to make that really pop so you can see in the background here kind of using that blue but also the red sweater so how can you again um you know kind of the common quote that i've heard all the time is like how can you be that that red sweater in in the ocean of um uh you know of grays and blacks that are out there so like how can you really have some portion of your photo that really sticks out again this one being kind of the red sweater with a blue background that just kind of like gets people just kind of triggers their eyeballs to say like okay i've got to read a little bit more here and then just putting some text down here so like again when you're using text how can you use that to kind of build curiosity maybe build some humor in so this one's kind of all about curiosity entrepreneurs everywhere are dishing their to-do lists and productivity apps for this so again not giving away what it is but you have to go that ad copy to learn a little bit more uh within that then i've got one more in terms of using text so again you kind of see that you know like how can you have an emotional reaction of somebody uh within your image to kind of stop their scroll and then kind of using an intriguing question uh on the side why didn't anyone tell me the truth about ios 14. so now you kind of recognize why this woman is so unhappy because um you know it kind of sets up what the ad copy is all about and and what uh is potentially going through so you can see in a couple different images there like what's going on uh what i also want to do is just um so i'll just stop the screen here i just want to show you a recent example of what i use so again like i am not a graphic designer by any means um but i just want to show you a couple different examples of a few that i what you know some that stuck out to me for a recent campaign to give an example so these are just a few that i used uh as i went through canvas so these are all from canva um i'm just finding the uh it's over here so these are just all canva photos that i found but you can see how you go through each of these like they're not all relevant to the ad copy that we put together you can see this is just kind of a flower it's got you know some pinks in there it's got a variety of different colors it's got green in the background so i just thought of something that you know something that might catch somebody's attention again this one is kind of mainly black and white we can see the kind of colors coming through with cars here again another one that might catch their attention um now this one is not one that we use but you can see uh you know it kind of ties into the ad copy that we're using around valuation um and has some various different colors the the the um the different images but also just valuation in red for a lot of them we kind of used a rocket as uh as uh sort of the theme so you can see with this one it's got a lot of reds in there but also kind of using that that uh you know um interesting design uh in doing that and what i found is kind of with rockets you have like a lot of these kind of like little kids kind of speaking to kind of little kids in our our audience you know kind of the little kid at heart um and speaking to that rocket theme so like i thought these little kids might really speak to potentially some of our audience and stop their scroll here's one on the beach that kind of just had different umbrellas that are out there again you can see the variety of different colors you can see the lime green you can see the red the blue that really stuck out again here's another one from nature that has uh kind of the um the northern lights so again the northern lights didn't have anything to do with the ad copy but uh using the northern lights would be one that kind of just stops their scroll and and gets them interested into like okay what is this ad copy all about and what's this headline all about here's another one just in terms of the binoculars going straight out to the audience we have a variety of different colors in the background that might stop their scroll as well so a couple of different examples again the idea is really that you um take a look at what images are out there making sure that your image is something that's gonna not just blend into the news feed something as your audience to scroll through they have to stop they have to read your ad copy what it's all about so really think about that image again just a recap if you think about the most important part of your ad it really starts with that image and i would always suggest that you test out several different images if you have the budget for it because you never know which image is really going to catch your audience's attention what colors to use what you know is it relevant to your ad copy is it not so anytime you're testing out and i'll do a separate video on you know what you should do from a testing perspective but if you can again if you have the budget for it you know test two two images against each other use everything else the same and copy the same headline headline the same that's a great starting point for testing to just see which which image uh tests out better and then you can test out the rest of the things like ad copy headlines all those kind of things to see which one has better results and and that kind of stuff but the image being most important to kind of stop their scroll and get them reading into that ad copy the headline all those kind of things use those bright colors so it doesn't have to be the entire photo could be select parts of that it could be just a red sweater it could be a blue back you know light blue background could be some greens blues all those kind of things use that to your advantage if it's black and white think about those design and art schematics that you can use to kind of really stand out among the news feed pictures of nature are a great way to do that also think about your images think about like the identity of that person once they've worked with you what's that new identity and can you show an image of what your audience really wants to become and can you have somebody standing there that that kind of identifies or shows them a visualization of what they're going to look like or feel like once they've worked with you or bought your product or gone through your services all those kind of things so images are critically important make sure you go through them and again find some you know it's worth spending money on either going to canva and uh going through and and finding those higher quality photos versus the free ones going on to upwork and finding you know and hiring some graphic designers can be really low cost could be as easy as like five dollars and getting a bunch of different ideas and testing out a bunch of them and then again working with copywriters like myself or agencies we always have access to uh even higher level uh ask experts that are graphic designers specifically for facebook ads uh as much as possible so again i'm utilizing that expertise with with some of my campaigns as well uh going to outside experts that do do this every day they know what facebook images work and uh they they're able to assist me and my clients in terms of getting those best results so really think about along the line in terms of your budget but also the assistance that you're getting how that can lead to the results that you're looking for so any questions or comments on your images or if you need any advice on what images to potentially try out let me know in the comments below wherever you're watching this otherwise looking forward to seeing you on the next live

- Make $10,000/day Facebook Ad Images (2025 Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en so look I've been running Facebook ads for over seven years and to this day I still run image ads in almost all of my ad accounts and that's because it makes me well over $110,000 per day across all the accounts that I'm managing including this account where you can see we did the 8.7 row as generate $77,000 in the last 30 days where we generated $113,000 out of 1.06 Ras for software or this regenerate a 14 row as at a 2.81 row as or this regenerate 61 at a 4.49 so all of these accounts the same thing they have in common is they're predominantly using image ads to get these results so you might be tempted to think ugc is the next thing or video ads that's all that really matters or even like AI generated ads which I'm going to make a video on but all of that is a lot better than image ads and I still argue that image ads is the best way to get started with Facebook ads today because of how fast you can test and the options that you have when it comes to creating various different ads that really get attention and split testing different Hooks and different audiences that you can Target with those different images and honestly in a day and age where everybody's focused on ugc and video ads and this hook and that hold strategy and this different ugc format that gets a 10% better hook rate right all of that is super complicated when if you boil it down if you just work on creating ads that speaks your ideal customer in a way that gets their attention and interest in wanting to click then you can have success that doesn't matter if it's an image doesn't matter if it's a video if you can can convey your product in the shortest amount of the time possible and get that ideal customer to then stop learn about your product and then click your ad that is the goal the goal of your ad is to sell the click not sell the products your landing page can do the rest of that so image ads work great because you can really stop people from scrolling get them interested and into clicking and Facebook's sure to really prioritize that because it sees people having a good experience are interested commenting engaging and they're clicking over right and so there's several ways to do that I'm going to show you exactly how to create image ads that get results like I just showed you so let's start out in here this is a tool creative OS I'm not affiliated with creative OS at all I just really like this tool and we use this all the time um so you can check out creative OS just search creative os.com it's going to bring you to a page that looks like this fuel your brand with ready to launch creative templates it's essentially a huge document with a bunch of templates it's the easiest way for me to explain and also show you how to create image ads so just going to use this this is what we use it's the best going to save you a lot of time it's a great tool again not affiliate with them so I have no links for you but this is all the different types of templates that you can use and there's a ton here right so you have different types of niches you have different types of advertisements themselves in terms of how they are designed and formatted and so this really gives you everything everything that you could want from image ads all proven by some of the biggest brands in the game however a lot of them really do look like ads and that's where I'm not the biggest fan so there's certain key points if you are a small brand and you don't have a huge budget or a huge following a lot of these ads might not work for you I do want to preface that right you can get away with an ad that looks like this when you're Casper and people already know about your products and what you do that's awesome when nobody knows about you and you're just getting started with ads you need to make ads that stand out and do something different and really they don't look like an ad because people do don't want to be sold to when they're on Facebook okay so here's my little bit of notes Here on the best image ads right so first of all this is your little image ad right here now when you're thinking of ads themselves before we get into how we design those templates we need to figure out our audience and what the goal of an ad is so again the goal of the ad is to sell the click not the product or service we're just trying to get people bought in and interested in order to click and the best way to do that is to make a native ad now a native ad if you've never heard that term before essentially means an ad that looks like an any other post on your feed so when you think about it why are people on Facebook and Instagram in the first place why are they there they want to see posts from their friends their family they want to see posts from people they follow overall they want to see posts that are relevant to them that they find it enjoyable related to their Hobbies or interests things like that and that's what they want to see things that are interesting that they can engage with like maybe get a laugh from or entertain themselves right and so an ad is a direct break of that actual point in why they're there ads aren't entertaining usually ads don't make them laugh usually ads aren't from their friends and they're trying to get them to buy something right and so people usually have a negative experience with ads because they don't add any value and so a native ad essentially is something that adds value in some way and so some of the best ads you're going to see on Facebook and Instagram have a ton of comments have a ton of people engaging because it's almost like an organic Post in terms of people are sharing it showing it to their friends they're getting other people interested in this product they're liking it because they think it's so cool and interesting that's what you want your ad to do and you almost want to present it in a way that doesn't look like an ad for example one of our best performing clients and ads right now is from a client where we've tested so many different variations of creatives that were highly produced with different headlines in the ad with different text with different little graphics and things like that all things that kind of enhanced the you know appeal of the ad made it more interesting but what we found worked best was an ad that literally had no Graphics no images was just the product in use in a normal natural environment and that worked better than anything else because it looked like somebody just posted it it was taking with an iPhone very simple looks native that's one of the biggest points to creating an effective ad especially when you're not a big brand if you're a big brand like some of those budgets I showed you are larger Brands you can get away with it when you're not a big brand you need to look native you need to look less professional more like something that your ideal customer would post to get your ideal customer interested in engaging with your static ad okay hopefully that makes sense now next point is non salesy and educate so when you're creating your ad again people do not want to be sold to but they are open to being educated and like I said people are there to get entertained mostly but people are also there for education and education is entertaining for a lot of people and so if you can educate people on your products people find that valuable if they learn something new that they didn't know before they are going to have a better experience with you and so if they see your ad and they know it's an ad however there is a piece of it that's educating them on what your product does how it's different and how it's potentially more valuable or even your industry in general say your weight loss product if you can educate them on the best practices around how to lose stubborn belly frat around their stomach and then your product somehow supports that awesome you educated them plus sold them on a product that can help them get to that desired goal so non salesy think education entertainment not sales directly and we're talking top of funnel ads here right getting the most new people interested in your brand not bottom of funnel or you can play around with like you know direct sales messages what really drives results of your business is top of funnel getting people interested to know about your brand and that's what we're talking about last thing is benefits so if your your product always revolves around benefits right you're going to have one two key benefits hopefully even just really one that's your main benefit that's the reason why people buy if that's because it makes things saves them time amazing if that's because it saves them money amazing leaning into that benefit if that's because it makes them healthier it makes them enjoy their life more lean into that okay so going back to creative OS here now I have so many different template options and you can honestly sort through these again but those are the key things I'm looking out for so something like this is great where the person's hand is in the shot because it looks like somebody just took it with their iPhone right and that could be a great way to show off a product is just something just like this it's a great way CU people stop and scroll because they think hey what's that it's interesting I've never seen something like that just someone holding it it could be from one of their friends or something like that you can see it has the benefits listed this is a great way that's kind of like native mixed with benefits and mixed with sales because it shows the main benefits while also being again more native looking now a lot of these also are going to be you know more uh very sales-driven you can see some of the biggest brands are here that have right the product and the benefits you can see there's a lot of different ways to show the benefits and how to position your products I like things like this that look like something they're familiar with like they notes app but in introducing your products into that Notes app so it's kind of interesting because it's different and that's what you want to think of how can you be different something like this I don't really like it just looks so salesy and this is a promotion obviously and that's the only way that something like this would work is if it's a promotion otherwise that just looks so blatantly like an ad it's not even funny and the results are going to be even more atrocious than that ad looked so uh let's keep it rule in here you can see there's a ton of different variations right here again what you want to look for is the style and theme that you want to have with something that doesn't look too too overly produced and looks more natural like something like this I really do like transform ordinary meals so it adds some value right here olive oil instant leaves every bite cold pressed no filler locally sourced right a little bit more salesy I would have added more education right here but again interesting here because it kind of gets you to stop because of the notes app Feature right there so again a lot of these are going to be quite sales driven but something like this I do really like um for rise where it kind of has the product position in the natural environment in the forest with some mushrooms kind of looks like AI generated even that could be interesting and it has the main benefit at the top right here heal gut inflammation Natural Energy improve gut health antioxidant and digestion some of the main benefits they're highlighted which is going to be the best reason and the best way to actually get great results okay so those are some different templates on benefit driven ads and these are highly again uh benefit oriented and so so these can work very very well um as you know kind of more middle of funnel uh but if you are looking more top of funnel you need to have something again stands out a little bit more with your benefits it's not going to be something that scales if it's something generic with benefits like everybody else is doing so your offer ads these are going to be bottom of funnel where you obviously just directly show your offer and tell them to buy now this is not going to do well it's not going to scale um in general because it's not interesting enough it doesn't have that educ a component um unless your offer is just that good right and so then you have your discounts and Deals again the same point social proof is one of the best ads that I would recommend to create as well um we always have that in our mix of image ads and so we would typically add this in right here um which has essentially results so you can add in a review one of your best reviews this is the best way to run an ad as a part of your mix it probably won't be the top one that really scales everything out but it can be one within your campaign that gets some spend that does some retargeting and gets really great results um so you can see different ways to do this but essentially you're just adding in one of your best reviews here with your product right here something like this is really interesting kind of has a person on the actual ad looking at the actual camera or whatever that can be a really great way to run an image ad because it hooks attention one of the best ways to hook attention is with the actual face so I'd recommend looking at setting up an ad that uses a face and ideally your product on it especially with testimonials these are what are going to perform best versus just your product you want to include faces ideally that's going to get the best results for testimonial ads so recommend testing that out with your testimonials and social proof so now the best image ad that you can run honestly is going to be a before and after again but making it look native it's it's the best way to convey the main benefit of your product in a way that's the most visual gets people interested especially when they have a particular problem so there's a ton of different examples right here of ads that you can use right here where you can see before uh versus after using your Lumen products it's like a face moisturizer right so that's a pretty funny one um obviously not realistic results there but you can see acne no acne very very simple frizz versus no frizz upset versus not upset um or a mess versus no mess something like this honestly that's the best way to convey your product that's where we see the best results is when we do a before and after showing here's your product and here's the situation that you're in before and here is where you are after our product showing exactly what it does in the simplest way possible and the reason why this is better than even some video ads is because if you look at this right a lot of products are simple enough to understand with just an image of before and after and so if you create an entire 30 second video video or 15-second video even some people just prefer to look at an ad like this that shows them before and after can really easily understand what it does then you just have some supporting copywriting that essentially explains what the product does how it works what the price is and a link to click right and so people can understand really quickly what it does it hooks that Curiosity and it invites them to then click on the ad and learn more right so let's take this as an example here's how I would go about actually creating this image out so I'm going to export this to canva amazing I'm going to use this template right here which is why I recommend creative OS because it makes this entire process super easy you can see we have the model right here and then here is the template awesome so we have our after image we have our before image okay and then all that we need to do is go ahead and add in those different elements okay so if this is my after maybe it's me on the top of a mountain because I was scared and then I don't have necessarily an image but if this was my before it's me scared at the bottom of a mountain right and maybe my product is how to actually you know overcome your fear of snowboarding or a snowboarding school to get better I could show me wiping out versus me you know successfully snowboarding um or something like that right and that's an example you can just put here number one snowboarding snowboard class right or something like that super simple and then all you would add is information that's intriguing about your actual snowboard class so that would be one one variation that you can go ahead and do and for the copyrighting again focus on educating focus on the Main benefits and lay that out in a simpl to understand format I'd recommend using Claud like an AI tool and just essentially say hey this is my product this is my target audience here is the main benefits of my product I'm looking to create ad copy and headlines for a Facebook ad and then it will output all of those things for you and you can filter it down pick the ones that sound Le salesy the ones that sound very native I usually like to start with how I or something like that or this product made you know removed my snowboarding you know suckiness right essentially something like that super simple but focus on the main problem and uh how that product overcame it for that particular person like it's a story not like hey it's tell it's selling something you know this snowboarding class the best the number one snowboarding class right everybody's heard that before but if you have a story behind it it pequs that Curiosity interest and people will want to click and engage on it okay so that's what I would do as far as image ads go right I Look to make mostly before and after images okay adding in some features and benefits and also just testing the product in use without any of this fancy editing as well just a native product shot with an iPhone in use plus um you know you can add in the more professional stuff too but just the product in use honestly sometimes that can be enough with well-written ad copy to perform great and you can go ahead and test a ton of AD copy with those images ultimately you're looking to see a really strong clickthrough rate above 2 to 3% that will indicate to you that that is a winning ad all right and one more thing that I do really like to also test is meme ads these are ads that are pretty much designed to entertain uh people love memes honestly and so if you can use some of these different meme templates or find trending memes that are currently you know blowing up and people are joking about all the time figure out a way to make your product a part of that Meme uh Incorporated in some way and that will do insanely well for you if you can make people laugh people will want to comment engage people also naturally share that and people will click a lot more because Facebook is going to serve that ad for much cheaper cpms it's going to get a lot more exposure for a lot cheaper and as a result a lot more results okay and so memes are a great way to do that you can see a ton of meme templates here and so you can see how you could you know easily plug in your product right here and I I I hly just love this format as well and so I'd recommend testing this too for your product again memes you're you're trying to sell the click and get the attention the first part of your ad is trying to sell people to stop and watch your ad the second part of the ad is trying to sell the click once you have the attention so memes do a great job of getting the attention and then the copywriting and your actual products and what it does actually sells the click so that the right people are clicking over from your ad to your website so that's the super simple way that I make image ads that can scale past $10,000 per day if you want more help on this I'm going to have some other videos on the channel so stay tuned for that and also YouTube thinks you're really going to like this video so I'd recommend checking that out next

  Top Comments:
  1. @elliesantini1859 [1 likes]: Sell the click, not the product. Love that
  2. @shokshakapp [1 likes]: You say "looks native, not like an ad" and then show a library of templates that look 100% ads😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  3. @timxu666: Hi may I know. what is creativeos tools? what's the website name?l

- Google Partners Academy on Air: Modern Search: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, and welcome to the last Academy on Air session of the year, focusing on modern search. We are really thankful to you for coming today because we know it's a very busy time for you with Black Friday and the holiday season coming around the corner. So, thanks. Thanks for taking the time. We'll hope we'll make this worth it. I'm Roman, I'm a Product Marketing Manager on the Google Partners Team side and we will talk to you today, ultimately, about a huge opportunity. We know now that the volume of queries is going to grow significantly before the holiday season, of course, and on the black Friday, but the bigger thing to call out is that this trend is something that seems to be going beyond just the holiday season. Overall, retail has grown 6% over the course of 2020, which is the highest in a decade. And you can see that e-commerce grew by a massive 45%. This means way more people coming online to search for things that your clients are offering. Now, this may look to you like a temporary thing, but research suggests that it's not. And it looks like over 80% of consumers are actually planning to stick with their pandemic shopping habits and shop much more online. So, that is the opportunity we're talking about. There are way more people online looking for our clients' products How to make the most out of this opportunity? We think there are two elements to it that we're going to cover in today's session. And the first element is all about removing roadblocks. The roadblock probably needs no introduction. You told us yourselves over the past couple of months that you need some help with privacy solutions and with measurement solutions that are respectful of users' privacy. The pandemic has undoubtedly accelerated the trends that were already there, such as users being very careful and very concerned about how their data is used. And as you can see on the screen, about 86% of the consumers actually do want more transparency about that. The biggest thing we want to take it out of this session is that this should be way more than just a coding copy paste job to cover for the gap caused by recent regulations. The new products that are available in this space actually allow you to boost your clients' performance and to make the most out of capturing the user behaviour. So, we are going to talk you through the Privacy-Centric Measurement setup, how to make it part of your conversations with your clients, and in what order you should be implementing certain solutions to make sure you make the most out of it. And now to the second part, which we think is all about the opportunity. You see on this slide, quite a few changes for a few search terms. Trading apps searches are tripling, so are searches for local big businesses and requests to support local businesses. The trends that you're seeing on the screen now do not serve to give you any business insights or acumen, they're more here to demonstrate that when we look back, hindsight is always 20/20. We are fully aware of the trends, we know why they happened, and we can easily justify their appearance. But if you were to think about how user behaviour will change, and if you were asked this question in March last year, December last year, or even June this year, there's a strong possibility you would not have caught any of these trends, and we're building your marketing campaigns and marketing strategies based on what you think you know, which is not a reflection of reality. So, there you have it. The growth of e-commerce and undoubtedly other verticals of over 40% year-on-year, 15% of search queries on Google being new every single day, and trends constantly emerging. We think there needs to be a way to be able to understand those trends before you actually get them. And we think we have a solution for you. And this solution may possibly send shivers down your spine, because we have heard from you for multiple years, that this is something that has not worked perfectly for your business. And this is broad match. Broad match has been a bit of an odd kid for the past couple of years, but we are quite sure and confident that with the advances in machine learning and with the right coupling with automation, this is actually by far the biggest opportunity you have right now to bring more clients to your clients' businesses. We'll spend the second half of today's presentation talking to you about why we think this is important and how to build out that modern search strategy. We have the private-centric measurement on one side, we have modern search campaign principles, including broad match, on the other. And to make this come together, we're going to talk to a few agencies who are already making the most out of these solutions, so you don't just take our word for it. The fireside chat will kick off in about half an hour in case you want to come back for that. So, before we move forward, one final piece as we go over this content. Please don't take this as a step-by-step process. You don't have to start with private-centric measurement to then continue with broad match setup, nor vice versa. Both of these can be happening at the same time and should be happening at the same time. So, the faster you get those into your accounts, the more you can maximise the performance of your advertisers. And so, without further ado, let me pass on to Brendan and Sahru who are going to talk you through private-centric measurement. Brendan, Sahru, over to you. Thank you Roman. Good to hear about the challenges and opportunities that are facing agencies today. Welcome to the driving campaign performance in the age of consumer privacy section of today's Academy on Air. For the next 20 minutes, we want to talk to you about privacy-safe growth strategies and how you can thrive in this era of privacy. I'm Brendan and I am joined by my colleague Sahru and we are both go-to-market leads for Privacy-Centric Measurement here at Google. The current ads landscape is the most challenging that I have ever seen it, and I've been doing search ads since 2006. Privacy changes that are happening in regions and in different countries all seem to be occurring at the same time. Just look at all the changes that we've even seen since 2019 and ITP and how the cookie has been impacted since and several updates that we've also witnessed. I think it's fair to say that keeping up with these changes is very complex and also can be off-putting. You know, how can we stay ahead as you move into the cookie-less era in digital advertising? A question for you, Sahru. If we don't make changes for privacy, what will happen? Well, thanks Brendan for just, first of all, taking us through this complex journey, right? Like let's just take a step back and say, "Yes, it is complex." But as agencies, you have this, you know, your way forward in helping clients get along with you in the journey. So, what I'll do is more than one thing, there are a couple of things we can actually talk about to simplify this process for you. So, in general, what happens is, you know, with this whole impact on cookies, it is going to impact your performance. Let's break it down. What are those three things it's going to impact? One is measurement, your audience list will be impacted. Then of course, all of this will have a downstream impact on smart bidding. So, all the effort that you've put in all this while probably is not going to be in a good place if you do not act on it right now. So, which is why we've come up with this strategy for you, which is a privacy-safe growth strategy. And the first step is to one: understand and collect the first-party data. That is step one. The second one is to measure data accurately. And the third step in this process is actually to activate it with automation. So, Brendan, why don't you kick us off with the first step? Yes, absolutely. And the first and most vital step is getting the global site tag right across all your pages. The global site tag has been designed to help you easily capture first-party data. So just what Sahru was mentioning, you want to get as much of that good data as possible. And we know first-party data is the best data that we can have out there. If you think about it, the global site tag is actually the fundamental foundation of all our Privacy-Centric Measurements and we build additional products on top of this. It works right across Google Ads, as well as Google Analytics, and if you use Google Tag Manager as well. So, from there, we can ask Sahru what other products are actually built on top of a global site tag? Yeah, for sure. So, you've got enhanced conversions. So, remember how, Brendan, you said about the regulatory changes and the browser changes, right? So, what enhanced conversion sort of helps you with is addressing the browser challenge. So, we know we're not going to observe 100% of the conversions right now. So, there is a dependency on modelling. So, if you want better modelling, enhanced conversion is one of the products that actually helps you with that. It also increases or improves your observed data. So, that's another thing that you can think about from an enhanced conversions point of view. So, oftentimes with agencies, the biggest question we get is, is it easy to implement enhanced conversions? What does it take to even get that set up and running? The first step is you need to sign terms and conditions on the ads interface within your conversion actions, and the next step is for you to implement the code on the website. And when you implement the code, all it takes is it is going to capture the email address or phone number from within the conversion page as the user's going through the journey. And what it does is it helps match that data with the signed-in user data. And that is how conversions are sort of recorded into the ads interface. Now that I've covered the browser changes side of things, Brendan, can you tell us if there is a solution for the regulations that impact on cookies? Yes, absolutely, Sahru. And let me tell you about Consent Mode, which is a powerful tool to put you on the front foot from mitigating the impact of consent choices that can happen on your website. If we think about it, automation and smart bidding are only as good as the data that they have. So, one of the key data points that helps them improve is understanding consented and unconsented ad clicks and help them to better understand what conversions match to what ad clicks. So, let me tell you about the primary function of Consent Mode is to tell the Google ad tags how to behave on your website that also corresponds to the consent choices that a user has. So, if someone comes to your site and says, "Please do not track me for marketing purposes," Consent Mode will tell the Google ad tags that they are not to track this user and will continue to monitor the consent status of that user as they move to your website to ensure that there's no data leakage. Also, Google Ads will have visibility from consented and unconsented users that will help them to better understand what the actual conversion rate is. Consent Mode also has the additional really good benefit of modelling conversions. And it has up to 70% of ad click to conversion journeys that are lost due to consent choices. It can really capture them and bring them back into reporting. But let me tell you a bit more about how this works. So, let me give you an example. Let's take an ad click that happens, that drives a user to a website, that has a consent mechanism, but doesn't have Consent Mode enabled. If that user says, "Do not track me for marketing purposes," and goes on to convert, basically all that Google Ads sees is that it has driven an ad click, but it hasn't driven a conversion because that's all that is visible to it at the time. In this instance, it sees that it's unsuccessful in driving conversion and will amend its bidding to that. But, in fact, Google Ads has driven a conversion, but it's just not being visible to the bidder. Now, let me go through a couple of examples where we do have Consent Mode in play. So, the first one, if we think about it with the same kind of scenario, we have a user that clicks on a Google Ad and comes to a website where Consent Mode is enabled. The user clicks on accepting all cookies when they arrive at the site. They then go on to convert on the site. What happens in this instance? Well, Consent Mode will look at the consent status of the user when they arrive at the site. So, the user has accepted all cookies, Consent Mode will tell Google Ads "You can track this user as normal." And when the user goes from clicking on the ad, moving right through the site, and converting, Google Ads will report one observed conversions, as we're kind of used to. Now, what happens in this scenario where, again, we have Consent Mode enabled on the site, a user lands on the site, but they choose not to accept tracking cookies at all. In this instance, Consent Mode will say to Google Ads, "Google Ads, you are not to track this user." And, as the user moves through the site, Consent Mode will continue to check the status of that user, that they've still consented to not being tracked. It will also listen for any conversion events that happen on that site. And then, in the end, Consent Mode will look at all the unconsented ad clicks and all the conversion events that it has witnessed and we'll use machine learning with a very high level of prediction to actually connect ad clicks and conversions where we're confident that an unconsented user has gone on to convert. What happens then is we will surface these in the Google Ads report and you'll have model conversions from Consent Mode alongside observed conversions to give you total conversions, more conversions than you'd normally have when consent choices impact a website. The downstream effect of this is that smart bidding ultimately will be better and also automation. Sahru, now that we've spoken about ads, what about Google Analytics? Thanks Brendan. So, Google Analytics, we have the new latest version of Google Analytics, which is Google Analytics 4. It is the future of analytics. It is privacy-safe. A couple of features to think about when you talk to clients about Google Analytics 4 is one: there is data controls that help you collect data and you can remove data, all of these features are valuable. And, of course, there's predictive metrics that most clients have found very useful, especially going into peak season if you want to see how users are converting, who has the most likelihood of actually converting with your business or e-venture? These are reports that will help you with that. Modelling is another great use case. Oftentimes, when we speak to clients about enhanced conversations or Consent Mode, the first thing they asked us is when is this going to be available in Google Analytics? It is now available in Google Analytics 4. When it comes to Google Analytics 4, the question might arise saying, when should you start using Google Analytics 4? The answer is now. When say use, start collecting data. Implement the code, start collecting data, get familiar with the features, so you're aware of how it is different to that of universal analytics. The third step is starting to use Google Analytics 4 as a source of truth. Now is the time to build the mark, measurement foundation, your business needs for the future. So, we encourage you to make full use of Google Analytics 4 property and put it at the centre of your measurement in place of universal analytics. Over to you, Brendan. Thank you, Sahru. Our privacy-safe growth products are there to help you best collect data in the best way possible, while also preserving measurement as much as possible at the same time, so that we will ensure that you reap the most benefits out of automation and machine learning that are built into our platforms. I've spoken of many clients who are looking to their agencies to help guide them through these changing times of privacy. Agencies can accelerate transformation today and future-proof for tomorrow by helping your clients collect and activate first-party data. There's a real opportunity for agencies to adopt privacy-centric measurement solutions that will help mitigate conversion loss for your clients, putting you on the front foot of that relationship. If the data gap is not addressed, your clients would see downstream performance impact on smart bidding and automated campaigns. So, that's it from us. I'll now hand you over to Eoin and Finn who will show you how to take advantage of this huge opportunity. Thank you. Now, we've just heard a lot about privacy and what that means for us and how we're going to face that challenge together. But I know from speaking to a lot of you, you're very interested to know what opportunities this represents. And, as you'll have heard from Roman, we need new search strategies. We're now in a position to share with you some of those search strategies and we're calling this modern search. Yeah, and there are two real reasons as to why we're suggesting this change in search strategy. First and foremost, we're seeing big changes in the way users are actually behaving and their search patterns. Queries are becoming a lot more long-tail, a lot more upper-funnel research-orientated, and difficult to capture through a traditional way of managing your search campaigns. On the other side of things, we've also made huge product improvements in terms of the way our keywords and our algorithms actually behave. These are some of the reasons that we're going to go into as to why you should consider changing the way you manage your search campaigns and moving towards this But first, introductions. My name's Finn, I'm an Agency Development Manager working in Google 10 years across agencies and end clients. And today I'll be sharing insights around how modern search has helped some of the agencies I work with increase their operational efficiency and also enhance their own customer's performance. And my name's Eoin, I am a Product Specialist on our Search Team here in Google. And you might actually remember Finn and me from a webinar we did, the performance excellence one, back in January of this year. And today, we're going to go into a little bit more of the tactics behind achieving this, how we can actually go about implementing a So, to go into the details as to what we're going to speak about today, we're going to touch on three core products, which are smart bidding, broader targeting through broad match keywords, and responsive ads. And the three of these components work in a compounded fashion in that using them all together is what drives the best performance for our advertisers. Smart bidding allows us to set the right bid for each individual query, broader targeting allows us to cast our net wide, safe in the knowledge that smart bidding is only going to enter us into the auctions that make sense for us, and responsive ads are going to allow us to create relevant ads for each individual query. Now, just to take you on a journey as to the way Google Ads has transitioned or progressed over the last number of years. In the past, advertisers and agencies would have relied very heavily on a traditional search strategy of using lots and lots of narrow keywords like exact match, using manual bidding at a keyword level, on a targeting level, and using negative keywords and this was all in an effort to try and get us as close as possible to auction time bidding. Now, what we're doing today is under smart bidding, we are suggesting to cast your net wide using things like broad match keywords and dynamic search ads, allowing smart bidding to set the right bid for each individual query. And then looking ahead as to what we are developing, we have keywordless campaigns that are very performance-orientated, things like smart shopping campaigns, universal app campaigns, and, more recently, Performance Max campaigns that allow you as an agency or an advertiser to set your business goals, include creatives, and automation will do the heavy lifting for you. Thanks Eoin. And we've talked a lot about smart bidding over the past year or two, and that's because it enables your customers to react nimbly to rapidly changing market conditions and these features have allowed agencies to really deliver enhanced performance and better results for their customers. For example, to capture more demand using broad match and smart bidding, this opts your advertiser into auctions where the query is more likely to convert, and crucially, pulls advertisers out of auctions where the query is less likely to convert. So, smart bidding, it might be run-of-the-mill for some of you, but it's also an essential foundation of what's to come. And that is a really, really key point, what Finn just mentioned there. We would never suggest an advertiser to use broad match keywords when you are using something like manual bidding or enhanced cost per click. And it's that ability for smart bidding to only enter into the auctions that make sense and setting the right bid in line with your smart bidding goals and that ability to pull you out of auctions that don't make sense. That's what makes using broad match keywords so impactful. Now, things start to get a little different here, a little more interesting. And we've been speaking about broad match lots lately, and you might've heard from Eoin and myself at the Academy on Air webinar in January on just this. But broad match has changed quite a bit since then, and Eoin's going to share a little bit more with you about that. Yeah, absolutely. And some of the benefits of using broad match plus smart bidding, you guys might already be familiar with, and you may see performance uplift in excess of what's shown on the screen here. But, on average, we're seeing a 25% increase in conversions or a 15% increase in conversion value at a similar CPA or ROAS goal, depending on what bid strategy you're actually using. And it's not just the improvements we have made in terms of our smart bidding algorithms. Our product teams have made huge investments into the way our broad match keywords actually behave. And some of these additional signals that are available on broad match are not available on any other keyword match type. So, things like using the landing page as an additional filter to understand the context of your client's website, using the user's previous search behaviour to understand their intent, using other key words within the ad group to get a better understanding of theming of that particular ad group, and using the user's current location to get a better understanding as to which keyword terms ad we should be matching to. So, these are just some of the changes we're making and there are plenty more changes coming. We are always working on the performance of our broader targeting as it is now a go-to match type or best-practice match type in order to drive the best performance for your clients. So that's giving you the details as to why you should start moving towards broader targeting. Now, let's look at how you can actually go implementing it. So, there are three real ways to go about implementing or testing broad match keywords. we should be keeping an eye out for the OptiScore recommendations and implementing either directly by the OptiScore recommendation or setting up in drafts and experiments where we can test it in a more controlled manner. And that can be done by the OptiScore recommendation. We'll look at that in a moment. The third way to go about this is to set up a customised draft and experiments test yourself outside of the OptiScore recommendation. And remember, we're aiming for 25% more conversions for target CPA campaigns and 15% more value for target ROAS campaigns. In my experience, some agencies have gone straight for option C here, which is custom drafts and experiments as a first step. They want to approach it cautiously. Now, Eoin's going to tell you why that's not always the best approach. All options are okay to use here, but it is a little bit of a misconception as to how broad match keywords actually behave as to the reason why a lot of agencies will go down the option C route here. A lot of agencies will choose option C, so they can add broad match keywords on top of their existing keywords set. Now, broad match captures all of the same queries that your exact and your phrase and your broad match modified keywords will capture. So, there's actually no upside to having duplicates of keywords in different match types under smart bidding because smart bidding is setting the bid at a query level and not a keyword level. So, what we want to do is cast our net as wide possible and allow smart bidding to decide which queries, which options to enter into. And that's the reason as to why we should be going down either option A or B route, which, via the OptiScore recommendation, will replace our existing keywords with broad much versions of the same keyword. So, for options A and B here, we're going to take you through how best to actually go about implementing. So, as we said, keep an eye out for those OptiScore recommendations. The OptiScore recommendation for adding broad match keywords will only ever appear in a campaign that is already using a smart bidding strategy like target CPA, target ROAS, maximise conversions, or maximise conversion value. will also give you uplift stats in terms of the increase in conversions you should expect or the increase in conversion value that you should expect. Now, if you want to go down the more controlled manner of testing this more rigorously, you can do that directly from the OptiScore recommendation. So, beside the apply button in the OptiScore recommendation, you'll see three little dots. And by clicking on those three little dots, it will allow you to set up a drafts and experiments. Here, you can do a 50-50 traffic split where we're testing the broad match keywords on the experiment arm versus your original set of keywords on the control arm, all under smart bidding. When we go down this route, we need to make sure that we are following all drafts and experiments' best practices. So, we should be running these experiments for at least a period of six weeks. Remember, by adding in broader targeting, it is likely to send a into a short period of learning. Depending on the volume, this is going to be less amount of time, but we need to discount that learning period when we are doing our analysis. Also make sure to analyse based on the drafts and experiments results that are shown within the Google Ads frontend. So, one advertiser that went down this route and tested broad match keywords using drafts and experiments was a German retailer, myToys Group. And they tested this with two of their key brands, mirapodo, which is an online shoe store, and myToys.com, which is an online toy store. And using drafts and experiments, they saw incredible uplift in terms of the volume of conversions as well as the volume of conversion value, while maintaining roughly the same return on ad spend as their control arm. So, this is just one of countless case studies we have on the impact of broad match keywords with smart bidding. So, if you want to find a case study that is more closely aligned to your clients' vertical, please reach out to your Google Ads account manager. And from my perspective, a number of the agencies I work with are also at an advanced stage of testing and are coming to me weekly now with stories about results they've seen with some of their customers. And it's really encouraging to see this. We're now at the stage where we're taking some of those stories and moving them forward into case studies, just like this one. So, some really encouraging results there. Thanks Finn. And I think the final stage of this modern search approach is ensuring that we have good quality ads to allow us to appear in these incremental auctions. So, remember by using broad match keywords, we are making ourselves eligible for a much wider set of queries. Now, in order to ensure we're able to enter those auctions, we need to have relevant creatives. If we don't, one of two things will happen: either we won't show in the auction at all, or we'll pay an inflated price to do so. So, by using responsive search ads in combination with broad match keywords and smart bidding, we, on average, drive an incremental 20% conversions on top of the statistics we've just previously spoken about. Yeah, and what we've taken you through are the absolute fundamentals of modern search. If you're not doing any of this, now's the time to try it. I deal with agencies daily, and the ones that have really supercharged themselves are those that have tried the combination of smart bidding, broad match, and RSAs together. Yeah, so remember at the moment, over 80% of Google advertisers are using smart bidding. The vast, vast, vast majority of advertisers are also using responsive search ads. So, it's really fuelling your campaigns with broad match keywords that is going to make the difference at the moment. So, to recap in terms of how the three components work in tandem. So, first and foremost, we need smart bidding to be availing of the wider set of signals we have at our disposal to set bids in real time at the query level. We then use broad targeting, in order to cast our net wide and pick up some of those more broad, longer-tail conversational queries that we are seeing coming through. And this is safe to do so because we have smart bidding acting like the guard rails, only entering this into the auctions that are likely to contribute towards our smart bidding goal. And then the final point in this is ensuring that we have relevant creatives, ensuring that for all of these new queries that we are now eligible to appear against, that we're using responsive search ads to have a combination of assets to allow us to appear in those auctions in the first place. So, modern search represents a significant change for many of our agencies. We understand that and we'd like to spend some time now tackling a number of questions on the topic. So, the first question is a really common one and one I get asked quite a lot and it's regarding broad match and agencies who've tried broad match in the past, didn't work, why should we try it today? There's an element of unlearning that we need to do because, of course, broad match was always a bad word within the agency industry. We never suggested using broad match keywords before. And the reason why it is now safe to do so and is actually a best practice in terms of driving profitable growth for your customers, is because we've seen such huge improvements, both to our smart bidding algorithms as well as some of the improvements we've seen to the way broad match keywords behave that we've gone through in this presentation. Now, of course, you're not all just going to take our word for it, but what we do suggest is that you start testing this via drafts and experiments, if necessary, to see what results it can get for your clients. Great, thanks Eoin. Brilliant, and look, here's another one that's really interesting and it regards historical data. So, many of the agencies I'm speaking to are concerned about losing that data after they upgrade to broad match. Is that something that they should be worried about? Yes, this is a common one and a common piece feedback we hear from our agency partners. And it's really related to the fact that the OptiScore recommendation updates existing keywords to broad match versions of those keywords, essentially replacing them. So, the issue here from a lot of our agency partners is that they want to retain that historical data firstly, and then secondly, they feel that historical data has an impact on future performance. And that is a common misconception. Historical data or keyword level data bears no impact on future performance under smart bidding because using smart bidding conversion data is retained at a domain level and at an account level. Now, if you want to retain your historical data for reporting reasons, then you can do so by adding removed keywords in as a filter at the keyword level, and you'll then be able to see all of those old keywords that have been replaced and their performance data back previously. So, in short, there is no reason why not to update your existing keywords to broad match versions of keywords when you are using smart bid. So, final question, and this one I get asked a lot too, it's regarding conversion thresholds and what is the optimal conversion threshold when you're upgrading to broad match, particularly concerned small accounts and do we have any best practices for those, Eoin? So, it's a good question really. The short answer is there is no conversion threshold for most of our smart bidding strategies. So, target CPA, maximised conversions, and maximised conversion value can all be used from zero conversions at a campaign level. So, upgrading to broad match is always a best practice here. Where there is a threshold is if the campaign is using target return on ad spend. Target return on ad spend requires there to be at least 15 conversions at a campaign level. So, keep that in mind if we are upgrading our target ROAS campaigns to broad match. Thank you, Eoin. And on that concludes our questions and answer section. If there was a question that we did not cover, remember you can always reach out to us and we're really excited to help you on this journey to modern search. Coming up next, a couple of agencies who are already quite a way down the path towards modern search, and we wanted to give you the opportunity to hear from them about some of the challenges and some of the successes they've had. So, over to you, Roman. Eoin, Finn, thank you so much for talking us through the principles of modern search and explaining the importance of using broad match in your automation strategy. And now that we're done with the theoretical parts, let's actually hear from our agencies who have walked the walk and who could probably share with us a lot more of on-the-ground experience. It's my pleasure to welcome to our fireside chat, Monika Olsen, Head of Search at TRGT. Hello. Frederik Hyldig, Head of Product, Chief Product Officer at s360. Hey Frederik. Hi. And Lloyd Bradley, our own Agency Develop Manager. Hi Lloyd. Hi Roman. Perfect. Let's kick off with a few quick introductions. Would you mind telling us a bit more about your agency and what you're focused on? Monika, let's start with you. Yep. Hi, my name is Monika and I'm the Head of Search at TRGT Digital, a global media agency and we're about 70 people now specialising in performance marketing across digital channels. I'm very happy that we saw a 90% growth rate year-on-year in 2020. And our clients are mainly SME companies, a lot of tech start-ups. So, yeah, helping them grow their revenue. That's good and Frederik, what about s360? Yeah, s360 is a digital consultancy for marketing and data and technology. We have approximately 180 employees across eight offices, covering all the Nordic countries. We work with a lot of the larger e-commerce companies and global brands and a lot of Omni Advertisers. We have a very data-driven approach to performance marketing and start by making sure our clients have the right data foundation and then we help them move away from what we could call misleading media KPIs and over to things that are measurable and closer to the actual business KPIs. Thanks Frederik. And I'm sure we'll get back to those later, misleading media KPIs, but in the meantime, can you tell us a bit more about what is on your clients' minds in the past year and a half? Undoubtedly, lots of changes caused by the pandemic, a lot of the consequences we've talked about today. So, walk us briefly through it. And Frederik, maybe let's start with you. Yeah, I would say a big focus right now and for the past year is making sure that we have the best possible data to feed into the engine, into the system. So, that could be the best possible conversion data. What steps can we take to get something that is better than just revenue? Could it be profit? Could it be lifetime value? And also, what steps can we take to prevent losing the data that we already have? So, losing it due to the privacy landscape changing. Thanks, Frederik. Monika? So, totally agree with everything that Frederik said. I think one of the concerns has obviously been around cookies and iOS 14.5 updates. So, there's a lot of, in the traditional way of doing things, where we need to kind of think a bit differently when it comes to tracking. So, definitely with everything that Frederik says links to that. We also find that for us to be as efficient as possible, we need to do a lot of education and training. So, internally making sure that everyone in the team is fully informed about the new technologies, the latest best practices, and then also allowing them to have as efficient conversation with clients as possible in terms of what we need to do on each individual account. So, I think, yeah, definitely the efficiency that comes with this new technology also required quite a lot of, you know, knowledge coming from training. I like both points that you're making around the importance of data and on the importance to educate both inside, you know, the agency and the external customers about the data. And then I think as we come to talk about this and as we are addressing the impact of privacy changes and trying to establish Privacy-Centric Measurement, can you briefly talk us through whether your view has changed on the impact on the priorities for your business or your client's businesses as a result of that? Monika, maybe you can start? Yeah, so for us, it's definitely meant that we've had to pivot and change our way of working. Just our kind of best practices when it comes to search have completely changed in the last year or so. So, really staying on top of the trends, knowing what's happening, in a lot of cases as well, there are so many updates, so a lot of people, both in the industry, but also our clients, don't catch all the new features, all the new changes. So, really making sure that we are the knowledge hub and we share that information with our clients. And also again, train the team that is, I think, the most important thing for us, making sure that the team is really up to speed on everything that's happening, and getting in everyone into a mindset of embracing testing and embracing this new technology. Love it. Frederik, how's it for s360? Yeah, I think to all of us, the changes to the privacy landscape is of course associated with this gradual decline in reported conversions. And like Monika is mentioning, educating the clients about the consequences of this is a big priority to us. So, namely that there will be a perceived drop in conversions and in ROAS and if left unchecked, we will get less traffic because the bid strategy will try to compensate by lowering the bids and so on. And then, of course, a high priority also to do what we can to maintain as much data as possible. So, GA4, Consent Mode, enhanced conversions that you all just heard about, those are things that are very much on the agenda for most of our clients, especially in the past year. Absolutely, yes. I like that we're pretty much settling on two big topics which is sort of data collection and making use of it through the solutions and then the education of clients. Lloyd, on your side, as you're working with a lot more agencies, of course, s360, TRGT are sort of on the bleeding edge of this. How do things look like in the wider agency ecosystem? Yeah, I think Monika and Frederik were spot on with some of those strategies that they're discussing in their agency. I think another thing that I've seen happening quite a lot is we know that first-party data is going to be a really important piece of the puzzle of solving for these privacy changes, both from a measurement perspective, but also from a performance perspective. So, really kind of working with their advertisers on how they can collect that first-party data and creating like a value exchange. So, for example, can businesses start to offer an introductory discount if they download their application, or can they offer ongoing seasonal discounts and offers if they sign up to the newsletter, just to really encourage the customer to start to want to share their data with you which you can then use to leverage your marketing activity. Absolutely. I think we've talked plenty about ensuring the data is collected, but arguably data makes sense and makes a lot more sense when you actually start using it, right? And this is where Google for the past few years, at least, has been talking about the importance of automation and the importance of allowing this data to be used in decision-making at scale. Again, both of your agencies have taken this journey and I believe are seeing the benefits of it. So, to those of our agencies who are still kind of halfway through the journey or have seen some challenges to it, can you please briefly walk us through some of the benefits you've seen along the way, some of the challenges and pitfalls to be aware of? Yeah, I think with the increasing automation, what is happening is that we don't have less work to do, but we have a different work that we can now focus on and spend more time doing. So luckily, less time is spent on very mundane tasks and more time to spend on strategy-oriented tasks. One example could be identifying and adding negative keywords. That's something everyone used to spend a lot of time on. Today, by the time that you identify a term that should be excluded based on its performance, you would very often see that the bidding strategy has indeed also figured this out and it has stopped getting any impressions. So, that is time saved that we can spend on working with the best bid strategies and getting the right data to the bid strategies. On the challenges side, I would say talking to the client and convincing them that automation is okay. It's one thing for us to realise that as an agency, we see a lot of different things all the time, but understandably, sometimes we have been met with the belief that there must be some conflict of interest since automation can be seen like a very black box and that black box is controlled by Google. So, helping the client understand what is actually going on and accepting that automation is not the same as letting the fox guarding the hen house. So, demystify this automation and starting out with maybe with smaller tests on parts of the account and then expanding from there. Yeah, I mean, from our agency as well, I couldn't agree more with I think to kind of add on to that as well, is that for us, a lot of the demystifying of everything that is new, all of this new technology, has really been to tackle it internally first. So, it's not just the clients that might have a bit of hesitation around things, there's also internally. So, making sure that everyone internally really understands it and know how to apply it best possible to have really efficient conversation with clients means that we were able to achieve a lot more, we were able to use all of these new technologies for more of our clients because we have those conversations really efficiently, and also, with that, allows us to do a lot more. So, when we have the right conversion set up in place, we have the values passed back into the platform, attribution, there's all of these new things that really help us leverage accounts. One is that it helps for search, but it also allows us to open up a lot more other campaign types like app, discovery, YouTube. So, it's really helped us to scale search, but also tap into other campaign types as well. So, for instance, like with one of our clients that had a lot of hesitation, we set up a test that we ran for 35 days and within that 35-day test period, we saw a 7% growth in ROAS and almost a 1% growth in increase in conversion rate. So, obviously for them, that was a huge success that allowed us to roll that out across their account. But it's also a little bit of an internal success story that we've been able to share with other clients to, again, put a bit of our own expertise to it, not just what Google said. So, that's kind of the two. And I think, at least for me, my number one tip would be to try and embrace the technology instead of fighting it. Because, as agencies, we don't have any choice, we're not the ones deciding what's happening on the platform, so try to find a way to work with it rather than against it would really help you. Lloyd, in your side, what are you seeing with, again, the wider group of agencies that you work with? What's the general mood? Yeah, well, I think for those agencies that are moving towards some of our automated solutions, like value-based bidding, what we're seeing is like a change in the client agency dynamic in which they're starting to talk about those kinds of business KPIs around return on ad spend, around profitability, lifetime value, and moving away from those, I guess, misleading media KPIs that Frederik touched on earlier, of things like impressions and CPCs. So, what this really means is that they're starting to be growth partners for their clients and speak in the language of the CFO rather than the CMO. And to the point of kind of time-saving and what you do with that time, we've seen lots of clients that are now demanding that their agencies are upskilled in visual media and are also able to optimise across borders through things like spotting the opportunities for export and international growth. So, they're two of the things that maybe you can consider using that additional time saved for, for the benefit of the growth of the client. Those are all great ideas. I think to wrap up this conversation, let's maybe go back to the initial point that we were focusing on which is the modern search side of it. Yes, there are also those expansions we can make, but what about the basics of the search ecosystem? And as we've mentioned, this was not at some point a very good word, broad match, as a combination a couple of years back. How has this changed for you, or has it even changed? Does this combination of words still send shivers down your spine, I guess? Frederik, why don't we start with you? Yeah, I think broad match was indeed a bad word and I believe it still is to some extent, although the perception has started to really change within the past year. Some years ago, we did some large-scale testing and we came to the conclusion that broad match would be able to add more volume to an account as long as smart bidding was used in combination with broad match and then it would not hurt the ROI. So, simply more revenue with the same ROI. We could see that when we had advertisers that were getting to a certain maturity level, this was our main challenge. How could we get more search revenue to this client without sacrificing the ROAS. And that's where broad match really could help us with the guidance of smart bidding. It was possible to add more volume. And I think that is one thing that has given our clients a small edge over their competitors, who were still believing that broad match was a no-go. Today, many advertisers have, of course, caught up with this. And today, broad match is probably not an initiative that will make us set up much better than the competitors, but not using it will most likely make it worse than the competition. Thanks for that. And Monika, has it been the same for TRGT? I think, yes, it has been a bit of a stigma around broad match. I do think that at least for us now, we really do have it as part of our best practice and we do want to use it as much as possible. For us, it's more to figure out when and where and kind of how to best utilise it. Something that I think is a bit overshadowed are the changes that have happened to broad match as well. I do speak to quite a few people that haven't really yet heard of that update, but while broad match previously obviously had a bit of a bad rep, and still to some extent do, it's really important to remember that there's also been a refinement to that match type. So, as Frederik said, when used together with other match types, when used with smart bidding, it really helps elevate the accounts and get that incremental volume. So, it's definitely getting in our good books from our side. So, yeah. That's great to hear. Thank you so much, Monika, and thank you Frederik, and Lloyd as well. This has been very insightful. I'm taking three things out of this fireside chat. The first one is that data collection and building our data strategies is a huge endeavour in itself, and it can easily overtake all of those manual activities that automation has historically allowed you to save. Second thing I'm hearing is that there is a huge need for education, both educating the clients and also of course educating the internal workforce, so that we can start speaking the language of the CFO versus language of the CMO and talk about the KPIs that are as close to business as possible. And the final thing I heard is that testing is absolutely key to this. Like you've all mentioned the fact that you need to run a test for a while and then present the results to the client. And in case you, as a viewer, are interested in this, we've got a few case studies linked in the resources section that will hopefully allow you to start this conversation if you don't have anything available on your agency site. Once again, Frederik, Monika, thank you so much for joining us today. Lloyd, thank you so much for sharing the Google experience, and see you next time. Best of luck with your business. Thanks, Roman. Wow, this was lots of useful content. Monika, Frederik, thank you so much for joining us today and for sharing your insights and your experiences with the viewers. We hope it will be useful to you. We hope that you have heard an agency doing this now, what challenges they face, how they're reaping the benefits now, and we hope that this will inspire you to perform something similar with your client's accounts. And we've already taken enough of your time and we hope this was very useful, so now we think is just time for a quick wrap-up and to recap on what we have talked about in the session today. So, as you may remember, we ultimately start from a place of a high opportunity. We have lots of customers online, we have the trends that are ever-changing, and we believe there is a roadblock that we need to try to overcome, which is measurement, and there is an opportunity which we can reap off, which is being in line with the trends and knowing what people are searching for, or at least being able to predict it slightly better than our clients' competitors. And we hope the solutions we've presented you today are helping you to hit both of those aspects. On the privacy-centric measurement side, the key message from us is these changes are already happening. So, we strongly feel you need to take action to adjust yourself to the current reality if you still haven't, but also to get yourself ready for what is coming up next. With that in mind, if you have not installed the global site tag on your client's account, that would be the very first thing that you should be doing. And once that is done, it's ultimately up to you what you want to invest in. and you have multiple options. I personally suggest going with enhanced conversions because that seems like a fairly low-hanging fruit, it's fairly easy to implement just with a consultation with your account manager, and it should be fairly straightforward once it's done to start having more data about the conversions coming into your clients' accounts. Consent Mode is highly relevant in the medium to long term, so please understand with your clients how it makes sense to implement it and work with them on a plan of action. And, finally, when it comes to Google Analytics 4, it's ultimately about how much data you want. Remember that any data you don't capture now will never be available. So, the faster we start the better. And now that the roadblock is out of the way, we also talked about the opportunity that we have for improving our clients' performance. And as discussed already, we believe principles of modern search will be huge here and very important throughout Black Friday, holiday season, and beyond. And by far the biggest thing we recommend to you is broad match, because again, we feel this has gone to the level that is ready to be implemented at scale, and we think that advances in machine learning with the right set-up for automated bidding are going to help you make the most out of it for your clients. Finally, of course, don't forget about responsive search ads, which have also proven to be successful with your clients. Okay, so this pretty much wraps up the Academy on Air for today, and I believe also for the year. We know it has been quite a bit of content and we really hope it has been useful. So, thank you so much for coming. You have a satisfaction survey now on the right-hand side of the screen. Please fill this out to tell us what you thought about today and how we can make this better for next time. And, in the meantime, please don't forget that most of this content is also going to be available on demand for you to watch later on or to share with your colleagues. It will be hosted here on this website very soon, and please don't forget as well that there is additional content on this website for Performance Max campaigns and for lead-generation specific performance solutions. If you haven't checked it out, I highly suggest you do that, please take the time. The resources tab at the top is also going to be really helpful in terms of some of the things you can find there, such as some of implementation guides. So, again, that's an easy thing to navigate, to bookmark, and share with your colleagues again. With that in mind, we're wrapping up for the year. Thank you so much for coming. Enjoy the holiday season ahead. We can't wait to show you what the Academy on Air will be like in 2022. Until then, do well. Let us know if you have any questions and we'll speak soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ldlt16 [5 likes]: Do these recommendations apply to companies that have small budgets?
  2. @monicamke-makeupspedup333 [3 likes]: Where can I find the power point like graphics shared during this recording? - I would love to share with my team instead of using screen shots.
  3. @hiphopdadbeats [2 likes]: Use GA4 as source of truth? 

Sure, data team thinks it has perks of big query integration with unlimited events and that means a native data studio integration. Cool! 

But the dev and data teams report less often than the marketers. Dev/data build/fix/maintain and occasionally analyze/present for new/top clients. 

I don't see Client Director, Media Buyer, Associate to Executive lining up to report from GA4... as it sandbags performance lower. 

Sure we have teams building GA4 from the ground up with custom development, but it's not accurate or adopted to report from, and definitely not a source of truth.. 

Here's what's going to really get your agencies there faster. 1. Ad buyers can pull performance reports easily. 2. Conversions and conv. values more closely match the transactions/revenue/leads in the real sources of truth - CRM/checkout gateways. 

If ad buyers can understand GA4 better (not just the data team) and you can get the measurement to match more closely, you've got a better chance for marketers and ad buyers that report to clients to adopt GA4.
  4. @thisiswherethefunbegins [1 likes]: Thank you!
  5. @Feverishchic [1 likes]: Thank you so much for the advice…
  6. @rajachoudhary7218: Raja choudhary dudu jaipur rajasthan
  7. @gafoor9762: in super sir really good program sir
  8. @babubbabu1560: Nice
  9. @guadalupesaldana3664: Lw CT
Ft 0
  10. @mypattayacondomarketingsoc5491: Thank you!
  11. @brodycarter2439: thank you so mush
  12. @chrishorton1425: wow
  13. @Ashokkumarmanjhi951: Jay Govind Radhe Krishna Krishna Hare Hare

- Facebook Business Manager for Agencies Tutorial: Managing Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en - Are you finally ready to start running Facebook and Instagram ads for clients but aren't sure how to set up the accounts, billing, and more? Running ads for clients is a great way to grow your business. But there are critical steps that you need to take to ensure that you're doing it properly. By the end of this video, you will have what you need to start running ads for clients. We'll walk you through Facebook Business Manager, connecting as a partner, getting access to your client's ad account, and pixel data. And make sure you stick around to the end because I'll show you how to report on your results to your client, your employer, or your team. So before we get into the screen share, I want to give you a little bit of context about the best way to run ads for clients. And that is through business manager access. If your client doesn't have the Business Manager, they should. That is the preferred way of running Facebook ads. Now, there are two ways to get connected into someone's Business Manager. The first way is with a personal account where you're added into their Business Manager and given employee access. The second way is through partners. And that's where they are adding your Business Manager into their Business Manager and giving you access to their assets. And that, in my opinion, is the preferred way to run ads for clients. Now, if your client does not have a Business Manager account, you'll have to get that set up. And we have some links for you to help you do that in the description. There are several reasons why you want to run Facebook and Instagram ads on your client's ad account and not your own. The first reason is because of pixel data. The client will retain all of the pixel data and it will not get confused with any other pixel data that might be on an ad account. The second reason is because of billing. There can't be multiple billing methods on a single ad account. So the client will have their billing method attached to their own ad account and be responsible for that. The third reason is because if you're running ads for multiple clients on one account and that account gets shut down, you're putting all of your clients' ads at risk. I'm going to show you one way to connect your Business Manager to your client's Business Manager. So, go to business.facebook.com/settings. From there, you should see the name of your Business Manager at the top of the screen. Scroll down on the left side to Business Info. Your Business Manager ID is right at the top. Then you want to copy that Business Manager ID and send it to your clients and walk them through these steps. First, have them go into in the settings. Make sure that their Business Manager name is at the top of the screen. Then under Users, they're going to click on Partners. Then they're going to click on the blue add button and say, give a partner access to your assets. And then they will type your Business Manager ID into the Add a New Partner pop-up. So once they type that in, then click Next. Now they're going to select the assets that they need to give you access to, which includes both their Facebook page and their Facebook ad account. So select Pages on the left side, click on the radio button next to the page, and then select Create Ads on the right side. Before you click Save Changes, make sure you go to the ad accounts on the left side to also give you access to their ad account. From there, you will select the ad account and then select Manage Campaigns on the right side. Now you'll click Save Changes and you'll have access into their Business Manager. One of the common pitfalls is that their page or their ad account isn't showing in that screen. If that's the case, they have not added their page or their ad account into their Business Manager as an asset. So they first have to do that in order to give you access to those assets. And again, the link to that Business Manager tutorial video is in the description. You will get an email notification letting you know that you have been added into their Business Manager. Now that you have that connection made, your final step is to give permissions to the people in your Business Manager to be able to access that asset. So you'll go into your Business settings, select Pages on the left side. Then you'll find the page that you've been given access to and select Add People. A pop-up will appear and you will give yourself and/or team members the ability to create ads with that page. We repeat the process with the ad accounts on the left side, select the people to manage the campaigns, and click Assign. So now that you've got the assets assigned, you can go into your ads manager and use the dropdown menu to navigate between client accounts. One common issue is that the client hasn't named their ad account, and so you'll just see a long string of numbers. But if you use the dropdown menu, you'll always be able to see the Business Manager name there. So, now that you're connected and running campaigns, your clients are going to want to see the results. An easy way to do this is using a link in the ads manager reporting area. In your main ads manager area, what you're going to do is customize the columns to show your clients the data that they want to see. When you've saved that, you can then go to the Reports drop down menu and select Share Link. Copy that link and share the link with your client. So, click here to learn about how to create great reports for your clients, and click here to learn more about the Business Manager. And congratulations on learning how to run Facebook and Instagram ads for your clients.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer [16 likes]: Ready to level-up your Facebook Ads? Watch our playlist! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXDcDVsUV4A&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_YuvXz1Ofzxe9los0Q_vPt2&index=1
  2. @dalerayross [4 likes]: still relevant in sept. 2025, thank you thank you thank you
  3. @publicwords: Amazingly explained. wonderful
  4. @isaiahkulakevich9058: Thank you auntie this is exactly the info in was looking for🙏
  5. @Son-f6v6t: Clear, concise and professional. Well done!
  6. @anantjotsingh6631: Just want to say love you mam you’r great because i saw hundreds of videos but this single video gave me much clearance as compare to those hundreds .❤
  7. @KishorPhoto-hi6ou: Thank you a lot ❤❤
  8. @mikavandergun500: wow the background music is annoying!
  9. @halku_paglu-b3g: I am buying credit line account I give you 1k$
  10. @lifeinaustraalia: Very hard to understand and confusing that people with zero knowledge about facebook
  11. @EverythingTaylord: What do I do if my clients ad account is banned
  12. @How2Kamer: Such a clean and smooth explanation 
Thank you boss
  13. @tongvang724: Straight to the point, no bs like everyone else who tries to sell you their course in the middle of their tutorial and preaching about making a lot of money
  14. @tabark5611: Omg you are a saint
  15. @Victory-HackLab-Limited: Good day 
Victory HackLab Limited wants to apply to partner with meta in Nigeria. Please we need your guidance
  16. @Md.AlRabbi-c1d: Is it possible to run ads on clients page with my ads manager?
  17. @christian_wud_no: THIS! Answearing the questions GPT, Gemini, Claude or Perplexity didnt seem to handle. Thank you!!
  18. @Yako-The-Cat: I am curios about the pixel, does pixel should be in my BM or in client BM? if in client bm the admin should also give access to pixel right?
  19. @Agnibesh-GlowRadius: still relevant in 2025!
  20. @reynaedwards5662: How do ad companies do this for me and all I get is an email with the leads?

- Senior Paid Ads Specialist | Facebook, Google & Instagram | ROI-Driven: Kind: captions Language: en Greetings. I am Hio, a strategic digital ad specialist dedicated to turning advertising budgets into measurable business growth.

- looking for facebook ads specialist: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

- How Dr. Gabe Ross Creates Highly Effective Partnerships with Specialists: Kind: captions Language: en okay in three two hey gabe so talk to us tell me one or a couple ground marketing tactics or strategies that you know can definitely help other practice owners out if we were to implement it today sure michael so you approached me about this and asked about how to market yourself to specialty providers uh specifically i think like speech therapists ot occupational therapy food therapists even in our area and as a pediatric dentist i got to represent the tooth okay so i gotta represent the tooth i'm wearing the shirt today because obviously we gotta defend the tooth i like them i'll let you know it kind of something that kind of happened upon my accident and it had to do with my own son so when my son was 18 months old went to his pediatrician and we had our follow-up appointment that you have around a year to two years and the pediatrician's like yeah he's just not making his goals he's falling behind he's not where he needs to be in speech um we would give him a referral goes to be a speech therapist go see a occupational therapist go see early intervention specialists all these specialists and i'm like as a father i was like oh my god i failed my child they're not even three and i'm having to see all these therapists and that's how i thought it was gonna be and i met these therapists and started talking with them completely changed my view on how as a pediatric dentist i can work with therapists because they see kids yeah they see kids with special health care needs they see kids with social needs they see kids with speech delays they see kids with occupational issues and around the mouth there's a lot of you know motor oral sensory type of things that some children need help with and when you find the right therapist it can really help your child grow and so we got hooked up with some great therapists one who's actually a personal friend of mine now that i still um work with a lot in my area and hang out with even outside of work because he's just a great guy we both have kids the same age he's fantastic so um for me it was watching the speech therapist watching the occupational therapist and the early intervention specialist work with my son at home that really started getting me thinking okay you know this is somewhere where i can go ahead and market myself because we're all seeing pediatric cohorts right we all are working with children this could be an avenue of exploring that and it wasn't until i went to a course up in greenville uh south carolina that's was organized by dr ann bynum and there's a talk it's a course called plot the tot has to do a lot with frenectomies and tongue ties and stuff and i kind of knew a lot about tongue ties and restrictive oral tissues before i went there but when i went to that course they really made a big push on having this team approach of speech therapists occupational therapists sleep you know doctors and other things to help treat children with these tethered tissues and it started making me think you know i've been looking at the avenues of marketing way too narrowly i need to open my mind up here and so when i came back from that course i set up time to talk to my son speech therapist and we sat down and we just had lunch together and i was like hey you know let me take you to lunch i want to meet you i want to get to know you a little better um because i'm a pediatric dentist in your area and occasionally kids need procedures done so there was an ulterior motive i just sat down with him and met him and got to talk with him really awesome guy his name is guy uh and so we got down we had lunch we started talking about you know our values and our goals and we kind of just hit it off and so i was like okay that was really super easy like that wasn't so bad i can totally do this so then i reached out to his occupational therapist and she was like oh well you know i'm part of a big massive group in your area and let me go ahead and get some of your business cards and i'll bring them to um the center and i'll let parents have them and things like that um because many of these parents that bring their children there have children that are either have sensory processing disorders a very common diagnosis for children going to occupational therapy can be low more motor tone low motor core issues other things that nature and so they're looking for pediatrics because many times their genitals are just not comfortable seeing those patients with sensory processing disorder the bright lights the dental office the pediatric dental office is kid oriented can be a really great place for them to feel comfortable and so i started getting a few patients just like here and there like you know kind of hit and miss and i finally spoke to a mom afterwards and i was like hey you know you brought us your child they needed treatment done [Music] we're working with your child we do a lot of things called happy visits in our office where we get kids comfortable with coming so they don't do any treatment they just come in the office they tour the office they get to view the office and they get to kind of see it and meet me maybe pick out a prize or something like that it gets them comfortable to come into the office and i think a lot of dentists do that and you have a small private office you can do that when you have a larger group sometimes you don't always have the ability to do that um at least i found that when i worked for other people i didn't have the ability to do that as much um and so i said hey you know mrs smith and it's not her name that changed it but miss smith you enjoyed your experience with your son johnny is there anything that i can do to help you or help other friends within your community who are being seen by the same occupational therapist to go ahead and help them because she mentioned you know you guys are so special and unique with pediatric with with my child i want to see about having my friends come here i was like let me tell you what i'm going to set you up okay and i gave her these brochures about our practice i had cards made up that were little 4x6 cards and i created qr codes on the back of them with a printer and the parent gets the card and it's just small enough to actually fit in their hand and if they want to make an appointment scan it with their smartphone they can make an appointment online with us or they can learn about the practice and it's all right and i gave her a bunch of those attached with a bunch of um lollipops okay yeah i know we'll get to that later but i i gave that to her and she used them all up and she didn't got any more and i was like okay so we started like getting more and more and so i started go ahead and reach out and then one time i got this patient in my schedule i tried to check my schedule a few days in advance and i was like okay who is this place i don't know who this person is like why are they referring to me i don't know who they are and it turns out i was a speech therapist who had a friend another speech therapy group that i worked with in the past and worked with still and she moved to another practice another group and she's like i remember your name and i wanted to refer a patient to you and i'm like okay and so i started looking at this group and i just went and met them last friday and kind of you know introduced myself to them and met them at the office and say hey look um you know i'm interested in getting to know you guys all of your therapists here because they have about i think it's 10 10 different therapists within their groups they're a really big group in the area and i said hey and i'm a pediatric dentist and i provide you know services of xyz whatever those services are um and they said oh we really need y which happened to be for neccomas and they're really looking for somebody to do them because you know it's a service that sometimes if there is a restrictive and i want to get too much in the science of everything that gets bogged down but if there is a issue with that many times it requires a provider the two options for doing that are ents in our area and or um pediatric dentists or general dentists people who are comfortable doing it and um in our area alone we don't see a lot of great results from ents and parents have a lot of issues even after the procedure is done and so we kind of have a different approach to it and so because of that speech therapist knows about that and they can say hey look there's a pediatric dentist who's going to work with us and we communicate very heavily back and forth our groups about that but it's about reaching out and getting to just know somebody and say hey look can we sit down do we have time to talk because some people if you just like drop off cookies drop off a card they may be like okay that was nice you know this is great when they start to actually put a face to your name and they hear back from parents from like oh my god i had a great experience it was fantastic you know and we really encourage our parents to post reviews so they had a great experience we asked them hey if you had a great review um you know please go ahead and talk about it and they do and other parents start reading about that and then there's a couple of facebook groups that i've joined recently about you know providers and parents and therapists who treat tethered oral tissues so i joined that group and there's interesting rules in that facebook group you can't promote yourself directly but you can tell people where you are and kind of just say i'm here and you can look me up and that's kind of been nice because a lot of parents for us that's been an avenue of connection um most recently and then to kind of summarize everything sometimes it requires going back multiple times okay because with this initial group that i was getting started with um took me reaching out to guys several times to make sure we could coordinate our schedules because he's busy i'm busy um it took me about three or four times to reach out to abby at this new group palmetto spots to get them to say hey look can i stop by the office can i bring information and it was after treating one of their patients and they got to see it kind of like their their sample um and they were like oh well this guy really knows what he's doing or gal knows what he's doing and it took about i'd say probably three or four like soft touches before we actually got the point where we started to see more and more consistent referrals from them so uh following up with them is important i'm also next to a breastfeeding center in my office and i've been on their case for two years since i owned my daughter's about hey look i i have a laser i can help you guys you don't have to send all your patients like 35 40 minutes away or to the ent which parents have bear experience with i'm right here and it took me like two years of constantly going over there like every three months like hey i'm here can i meet with the doctors or hey i was in the area i decided to bring you guys some you know snacks or things like that or hey can i talk to you vacation consultants and i actually ran into one of the parking lot we were leaving work one day and i was like we were doing an event and i went from my office and i was like hey you know you guys are next door to me what's it gonna take for me to sit down with you guys and like talk about these things and she's like i'll talk to you i'll come to your office and talk with you but it took me two years to get banned of constantly going back and being like okay um you know you know can i talk to you guys and she came over to my office on her lunch break and i was on lunch and we both sat down together and we talked about you know how we view treatment and stuff and it took cursing ever since we had that conversation it's been pretty consistent with getting children referred to us pretty consistently infants primarily for that procedure um which you know from a marketing standpoint of you to roi can be very profitable it's done in the right way i'm not saying about roi but i mean truly we have to have a return on our investments yeah yeah no that's that's really taking some time then some of those things some other groups in area i'm still reaching out to and i i will reach out to them i reach out to them through christmas time i'll reach out to get them to them probably on valentine's day as well just to kind of touch base and show my face again and be like i'm still here i didn't forget you hope you didn't forget me you know yeah just continue to remind them of that that's good my experience has been with specialty groups in the area just consistently and then putting your name and your face out there and letting them know that even if they don't want to refer a patient to you they have questions you can be a resource for them and say hey look i'm here to help you um i understand if you never refer a patient or your office's protocols for otherwise i'm still a resource for you as a as a specialist a specialist i'm still a resource for you i can help you if you need help or you have questions about something yeah i like that on the office where you did three to four soft touches to follow up what did you initially say and then what were you saying for the the follow-ups so but the initial one was introducing myself hey i'm dr gabe ross i'm from oak landing pediatric dentistry um i'm a specialist in the area one of my specialties that i have within my practice is tethered oral tissues i know that they can affect speech for speech when can we set up a time to kind of discuss how we can best help each other because i need a good speech therapist for my patients too and so kind of doing that little you know dangle of hey there's some uh you know something in it for you too there's a reciprocity here and i i do like that because i do refer them yeah because offices we have parents come in especially from just moved to the area we tell them hey you know um i see some issues in your child here with their speech and things like oh yeah they've always had problems we just kind of like work through it and i'm like well can i get you in touch with a good speech therapist because i have one and they're great and they're a fantastic group and they're gonna be awesome and they're like yeah yeah you know what that would be great we would like we'd love that and so it's kind of reciprocity back and forth with those things so that was the first touch with them the second touch was hey you know um i noticed you know we reached out to you guys and i think we saw one patient from you but i just want to let you know if you guys have anything else or do i need to stop by and bring some more things or hey you never got that lunch with me let's let's schedule that time you know let's let's do it together let's get together and get to meet each other a little bit better outside of the office or just trying to push them to have for me it's face time yeah even with code i think if we spend some time together at least five or ten minutes i'm gonna have a much better chance and success of you going it's not just an office it's a person and i know that person and i can say i've talked to that person and i kind of feel comfortable with that person so that for me is kind of the um the thing right there having physical face interface interaction or six feet or mass however you want to do it you know it's like trying to get that in person contact versus like just sending it because you just send gifts all the time or you just like stop in when they're not there or they're busy or and i stopped in different times too so i pick like lunch i pick like later in the evening i pick like mid afternoon i pick like early in the morning like i kind of like varied my times up a little bit to try and see because they're busy too right and they have clients and they see patients and sometimes it took just waiting like sitting in their waiting room and just like being able to wait and be like okay i know you're worth a patient i'm gonna wait till you're done and then we'll chat and then i'll leave okay but i'm gonna wait for you i'm not gonna be like oh i don't have time to wait for them because that kind of shows them you don't have time to actually like listen to them you actually have just like other things to do yeah no that's that's super i think that's always like i i noticed and i think i talked about it in the course too but like whenever you show up in person like you get a lot more i guess like closing rate you know what i mean or to call it that but um i mean there's something like that person-to-person interaction when you actually have that like connection with somebody you both find out hey you know we both went to usc we both love the gamecocks i mean you could you know say that or hey we're both big you know uh clemson fans or some kind of way of connecting beyond just your specialty or your service that you have it makes that connection memorable even if it's just like oh you know we went to the same high school together or your sibling goes to the same high school as me or you know something like that something silly like that it's still enough to connect and make people remember you yeah yeah definitely definitely awesome gabe so i appreciate your time and if anyone has further questions you can definitely find them on the dental marketer society facebook group or where can they reach out to you directly uh if they wanna try to direct me i'm perfectly fine with them uh texting me or emailing um i'm assuming this goes out to pediatric dentists or other dentists like that's fine my email address is um dr gabe d-r-g-a-b-e at oaklandingkids.com you can also text me on my cell phone 803-537-9136 um happy to always help a colleague out or you know encourage them or kind of just shoot the breeze or you know talk about things they may be having um questions about things that work for me and and things that don't work for me learn together okay thank you for your time michael i appreciate it all right thank you for being with me on this monday morning marketing episode all right thanks man

- Make VIRAL Image Ads For Facebook Only Using Canva: Kind: captions Language: en creating image ads for Facebook or Instagram is probably one of the most underrated things to do in the Ecom space there's obviously a reason that so many of the top brands utilize image ads over video ads just to prove this to you even doing a quick search on the Facebook ad Library let's do Lulu Lemon right here scrolling down here of all the active ads image ad image ad image ad image ad image ad let's look at athletic greens which is a really popular nutrition brand image ad we got one video image ad image ad image ad IM you get the point right all of these top brands that are performing in the Ecom space are utilizing image ads so why are they doing this well it's because image ads are way cheaper to run on Facebook and Instagram than videos everyone is trying to post videos right now to grab that attention but the thing is video ads are so common on these platforms now that image ads are kind of the scroll stopping things people take their time to look at an image ad and read it because they're so used to these crazy stimulating videos that really took over from like 2018 to 2022 is but I can tell you I've been using image ads for the past 4 years or so now and they are without a doubt my most profitable campaigns you can see here this month was spent $330,000 cost per result on these image ads $7.98 $6.50 $8 the list goes on and on right it's way cheaper to run image ads it just is the cpms are extremely low $5 $4 $4.95 and yes these are conversion campaigns so you get the point about image ads and why I like them so much why the top brands like them so much but I'm here today to to show you the easiest way to crank out image ads at the top level of quality because in theory similar to video ads it's kind of hard to come up with Concepts film the content get product photos make sure it looks nice the text doesn't overlay and all that stuff right so let me break down and show you an example of my strategy on how I crank out 10 image ads an hour that way you guys can also be rapidly testing image ads cycling through products whether you're running an Ecom store Drop Shipping Store or you're working for a brand so the software that I use is called creative OS it's used by Jackson chains you know the gold chain brand it's also used by Aviator Nation Emma Chamberlain's brand Chamberlain coffee and there's a reason why they're all using it it makes this whole process so much easier for creating image ads they also have landing pages as well that you can copy the templates on but we're not going to talk about that today we're focus on creating image ads and how rapidly you can crank them out so once you log in you can go into the static ad section here and look through all of the ads that they have available there's already over a th000 templates on here and they're adding 10 a day and what creative os does is they scrape the top performing image ads on Facebook at the moment and they recreate the templates for you so you don't have to go look on Facebook ad library and find a bunch of Brands and then try to recreate them yourself they do all that for you you just copy and paste your product images in your own copy so let me show you how it works if you like this image ad right here and you want to use it for your product you can either copy it into figma or canva either one it's up to you whatever one you like to use canva is the easiest one obviously and then you're going to go down to use template for new design and now it's going to give you the example template that they use and then everything laid out for you exactly how they did in that template so so all you have to do now is populate those with your own images and text let's recreate one together to see how exactly you could do this with your own brand so I'm going to see if I can grab this image from Olie vitamins here copy the image let's see if it pastes into canva well uh yeah that'll work so we're going to resize the image delete this we're going to delete the background now we're going to pop in our own image obviously this is OE and not my product but this is just an example throw it to the section that you want go all the way to the back because we want those comments to show we're going to need to restructure this a little bit and we'll put this up in the middle here we can actually resize any of these as we want as well so now we plugged in our image we obviously want to change the background and some text on some stuff so let's change this to a color that would match nicely maybe like a deep red color yep think that looks good now zoom in a little bit here Lisa P that's fine it's the same name you can say whatever you want obviously for your brand best vitamins out there all right so you get the point you can change all of the comments this maybe want to change the color as well to another deep red or like a white to PO uh I think probably a deep red looks a little bit better just for an example and then boom you are done with your image ad but obviously you want to tighten it up a little bit let's say like move this to a little bit smaller to make it fit better pull this back over boom you can do that with all of them and give it some Dimension or change the sizes on anything and then you're good to go that's how easy it is then obviously just share this download it and then upload it right onto Facebook and you're good to go so that's why I like using this is because they do a lot of scraping for you it's just a lot easier than trying to come up with your own Concepts or ideas and they have some like different ones that people have been testing out on Facebook obviously some of them are more experimental if they haven't if you haven't seen this ad before but that can be a good thing too right you don't always want the exact same ad as everyone else so they also have landing page templates what I was talking about earlier you can do the exact same thing but with landing pages so first you just copy them into figma same as before paste it in there edit with your own product images in your copy and then use a plugin to move it over to your Shopify store and they've got a great converting landing page from the top brands so I just wanted to share how I use canva and creative OS to create image ads extremely quickly and really effectively so it's definitely something worth trying if you want to try out image ads or you've been looking for an easier way to create image ads all right that's it for the quick little tutorial I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @dave48064 [6 likes]: This is gold. Thank you very much!
  2. @AustinRabin [3 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy this quick and easy method to copy the top image ads! Don't forget to grab a free custom store and course from me here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @khittikalnikom1546 [2 likes]: It depends on the market awareness and level of sophistication tho
  4. @djxete1987 [2 likes]: Thanks for the free value as always!
  5. @mohamedamineelidrissi7013 [1 likes]: I can't even contact the support team how is that supposed to be a good deal
  6. @brendancanuto3839 [1 likes]: Yo man, your editor are clean! I wonder where you got him?
  7. @Girls_findz [1 likes]: Is dropshipping possible on eBay?
  8. @mondaymatcha: THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
  9. @storeline-tw5cn: which platform did you use to find this statics ads bro?
  10. @rcronin1: thank you!
  11. @Metamorphosis-2222: Thank you for this to show pictures are good as well
  12. @Saintly2: Your title seems a bit misleading... You stated using Canva ONLY yet you immediately mention using something called Creative OS?! Hard to tell if I'm wasting my time watching your video if I have to get something other than Canva because you don't seem to ONLY be using that program. I really hate CLICKBAIT!
  13. @MiguelSanchez-vv3xp: How are you copying the ad though? i have the first plan, do i need the pro plan?
  14. @tisachristiana: Thanks for the info! I did this and Meta says my ad will not show on all devices because they are bigger than "4.5" Does anyone know how to fix this?
  15. @SantoshCheteSantoshChete: Your strategy with Canva rocks! When it comes to email verification, FilterBounce has been incredible for me.   The real-time verification API cuts out more than half of the usual fuss. I love that it maintains bounce rates under 1%, even with tricky domains. At $10/month with 300 free verifications, it is a no-brainer. Definitely consider trying this out!
  16. @Raj__Gaming-kf3vd: OMG, Canva simplifies ad creation so much! When it comes to cold emails, DoYouMail is a real bang for your buck.   High delivery rates and easy email ID creation make it a go-to for me. Unlimited domains and dedicated IPs help maintain reputation and scalability. At $40/month, it is a steal! Really worth experimenting with if you are serious about email marketing.
  17. @sabbilovaraju8341: Killer Canva walkthrough! For your email campaigns, do not sleep on FilterBounce.   They have an awesome real-time verification API that has worked amazingly well with tricky domains. The price is just $10/month and I have had 300 free verifications to start with. It is been a lifesaver in keeping my bounce rate down. You should definitely give it a try!
  18. @Golu_king_off__paswan__ji: Awesome tips on using Canva! For your emails, DoYouMail makes it super simple and effective.   I have found their automatic SPF DKIM DMARC configuration to be a lifesaver, ensuring my emails land where they are supposed to. The ability to handle unlimited emails from unlimited domains is a huge plus. You folks should definitely try it out!
  19. @arsh_rshi: Love how you broke down the Canva process for ads, Austin. For cold emailing, adding a tool like Mystrika can be a game changer.   Their detailed analytics and AI writing tools have really helped me craft the perfect messages. The seamless integrations and pay-once-use-forever deal are such a relief compared to monthly subscriptions. Totally worth checking out if you want to improve your email campaigns. Give it a shot!
  20. @denisesua7495: Hi 
Do you need a VPN when setting up your social media accounts and store... Let's say if you want to reach customers in the USA and you don't live in the US would you need a VPN to be able to reach them?

- The BEST Facebook Ad Sizes for 2026 (Stop Using 1:1!): Kind: captions Language: en If you're still running ads in one by one format, you're honestly behind as Facebook recently updated the uh recommended formats for images and also for videos as well to always be 4x5 or 9x6. Now, previously it was always the case that Facebook already recommended for videos to be on 4x5 and 9x6, but you have to make sure to optimize these formats for images as well. and they recently updated it that images on Facebook feed can also use the 4x5 placement. And in this video, I want to make sure that you understand the right format for each placement, but also ad type as well. So, let's get into it. Now, what are the main benefits now for running the right ad format on different placements? As I mentioned, you have to have the 4x5 format for all feed placements and also 9x6 for story placements. And the reason you want to have 4x5 four feet blames and not one by one because you're able to capture more screen real estate. And in today's age, like you need to grab the attention better. And if you're able to even have this much more screen real estate, obviously your ads will stand out a lot more and you're covering more of the newsfeed while people are scrolling super fast. And if you can capture a bit more of that screen real estate, you will obviously see more improvements in your ads performance. Now here you can actually see the recommended uh meta placements where you can see it's 1x one 4x5 for Facebook feed but vertical is recommended for single images to be delivered to ad placements on Facebook feed which actually changed because previously it was one by one and you couldn't even run 4x5 and now they're actually allowing you on the Facebook feed to also run 4x5 which was previously only available for the Instagram placement. Now I'll put on the screen different dimensions for each placement where you have your Facebook feed which is 4x5 which is 1080x350 which also for the Instagram feed as well but usually you'll run all of your feeds all at once and you can run 4x5 for all of your placements. Now for story it's 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 which is the more vertical layout as well. Now, as for videos, that's obviously the same. 4x5 and also 9x6 to make sure that you're covering the right real estate space on your Facebook ads. Now, so right here, I actually have an example of an ad that is by is 4x5 where you can see it's much bigger. It's not a square. It's much like more like vertically laid out. And you can see the difference between this one and this one. Like it captures more screen real estate. And you can see the differences as well. And here you can see the 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 where it's even like fully screen filling of course for the story format. And obviously you want to make sure to optimize for that as well. Now I'll show you the dimensions again on the screen so you can make sure that you respect those safe zones. Usually for videos as well we'll uh do like a 9x6 um video and not really specifically a 4x5 unless we have like these bars at the top for example if you want to call something out. And you want to make sure if you're making only 9x6 and you want to cover all placement that you are respecting the 4x5 safe zones in your 9x6 video if that makes sense. I'll put it on the screen so you can exactly see these safe zones. So you are actually making sure that you are not cutting out any text because obviously you don't want text to be cut out on your videos and you want to make sure that people can read everything of course like from your captions towards like people's faces uh being cut half off. Like that's obviously not what you want to have in your videos. Now, to summarize, for images and videos, uh, all of the aspects are now the same. The playing field has been leveled, and you can just run the same aspect ratios for all of your different formats, different placements for both images and videos to make sure that you're capturing most screen real estate on your Facebook ads. Now, for Tik Tok, obviously, you have different UIs, and I want also to cover the reals format and also the Tik Tok UIs as well. I'll put it on the display right here because there you're only running 9 by 16. And you want to make sure that you're not having any text being covered by the Tik Tok and also the meta reals UI as well because those are important as well. And sometimes when I'm scrolling on my phone and I see some ads, usually they are covered and you cannot read anything what they are saying. So extremely important as well to make sure that you are optimizing for all different placements so you're not missing out on any reals ads or your Tik Tok ads having a different uh UI that might be covering any of your important parts of your video or the text of your video. So that's uh something that I want to close off this video with. And with that being said, this is the end of the video and I hope you like this video and I hope it brought a lot of value because I see so many brands when I'm scrolling on my on my phone on and seeing ads like get it wrong and not respecting these right safe zones and obviously it can make or break your ad. Now obviously if you're respecting these safe zones and all of these different dimensions, you will see a bump in performance. I'm 100% sure of that and obviously these are the basic thing that you need to be covering. So that's it for today's video. I hope you liked it and I hope it was informative to you. Save this video for later because obviously you might need it. Below I'll add like a small cheat sheet where you can see the different dimensions and aspect ratios for your Facebook for all different placements and also your Tik Tok ads to make sure that you're respecting all of these safe zones. So be sure to get that below. And with that being said, I'm looking forward to see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @masm1236 [6 likes]: Can we upload both 4:5 & 9:16 versions for the same video creative?
  2. @bootsandgear [3 likes]: Huh they still say 1080x1080
  3. @SillyKamPicklesBoss [2 likes]: Thanks, I say the same thing. I now use a 4:5 aspect ratio for all FEED placements instead of 1:1, but I ensure the content on 4:5 fits within a safe zone of 1:1 (basically), so auto-cropping in Meta's system doesn't make the creative look cut off/stretched/having a lot of white space above and below the 1:1 (on Feed video-based ad placements such as "Feed in-stream reels/stories [fullscreen mobile view]").
  4. @Martin-zq4fq [2 likes]: so you can not run 1080x1080 anymore?
  5. @SjorsHoukes [1 likes]: Doesn't seem to be entirely true. I just ran an ad on Insta and Facebook, and the format I submitted was 4:5. Unfortunately, Meta still cropped my ad to 1:1, making some text be cut off.
  6. @ganesh-td6jr [1 likes]: no cheat sheet in mail
  7. @HungarianwithSofie [1 likes]: Thank you, very useful! Especially the safe zones and to see the actual size in picture format.
  8. @KevinYTB95 [1 likes]: How about carousel?
  9. @aminesahifi3176 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  10. @CharroLambatan: hi It lead me to subscriotion instead of the cheat sheet
  11. @ayoubayoub-b5y: What I can"t understand is, have I to create different ratios images for my ad to suit different formats? Or, there's a general ratio that agrees with all the formats? After searching, I found that 4.5 relates to every format, but Facebook is still cropping !!
  12. @amosngetich2307: Thanks, you really helped me 🙏❤️
  13. @IrshadP-x7n: 👍
  14. @StephencreatefunContent: Your Facebook Ad Safe Zone has an interesting layout for Reels. Why is it not centered? You have a top margin of 220 px and a bottom margin of 450 px. It just seems odd that Facebook ads wouldn't just center the safe zone instead of offsetting at an odd margin ratio. Thanks for the chart though.
  15. @angel_ambersukasuki9910: Thank you ❤
  16. @ganesh-td6jr: cheat sheet not geting delivered
  17. @spencersharp: 4 by 5? or 16 by 9? this ish is too difficult. ur saying 9:16 is only for stories yet ALL SHORTS AND REELS AND TIKTOKS ARE 9:16 SO WHAT ARE U EVEN SAYING? DO U EVEN KNOW WHAT U ARE TALKING ABOUT? WHO EVEN CARES ABOUT 4:5 IN 2025. this is wild u wasted time on this video basically teaching nothing. why even talk about 1:1 if that was used in 1954 on facebook. its 2025. whats with all u weirdos making videos where u gotta waste time talking about dimensions THAT ARENT OPTIMAL OR EVEN USED ANYMORE. WHY EVEN INCLUDE IT IN THE DAMN VIDEO.
  18. @carloscodling5084: Thank you!

- Facebook Video Ads vs Facebook Image Ads – Which is Best?: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys it's ben heath from lead guru and in this video i'm going to talk about facebook video ads versus facebook image ads which is best okay you've probably had conflicting opinions on this there are some people that sit very much in the video camp others that sit in the image camp so i wanted to create a video where i clarify what's best than in what scenarios where you want to be focusing your efforts and where the best results are like to come from before i get into that should i very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my youtube channel if you were new and haven't done so already so you know you put your campaign together i'm an example ad account here you put your campaign together you get to the ad level and you go to add media and what what sort of facebook will immediately ask is when you click on add media is add image or add video and those are sort of the two big categories there are certainly other types of ad creative right you can have carousel um which i would kind of for the most part bundle into image for the purpose of this discussion and then you've got slideshows and sort of animated image ads and things like which i would for the purpose of this discussion sort of bundle in with video so anything animated movementy whether it's full-on video content or a slideshow type format it's kind of going to be a video anything um image carousel related is going to come under image for the purposes of this of what i'm about to say now like i talk about with a lot of facebook advertising um related features and things like that there's no one-size-fits-all okay i've talked for a long time about different strategies you want to use depending on the product or services that you offer right you cannot advertise a 20 product using the same sales funnel as you can a 30 000 service okay not if you want the best results that is obviously the relationship you need to build with your prospect is very different in those two circumstances um so the approach needs to be different also the economics is very different as well you need customers really really cheaply if you're selling a 20 product you can afford to pay a lot more and probably want to to ensure quality leads when you're offering a 30 000 service and i think that's the biggest takeaway i've got or i want you to have from this video is that it is not a one size fits all it's not like video always works best or image always works best i would say that on the balance of things most facebook and instagram advertising experts would say that video performs best and they would say that because it's what works best for their businesses now most facebook advertising is gravitating experts they're going to have courses and webinars and content-based things they want to provide and then expensive courses coaching programs etc high ticket items that they're looking to sell so in those scenarios yes i would say that video but i think that's one of the big advantages that i've got you know given my position when i'm creating content and you know you guys get through watching my content is i'm the owner of a facebook ads agency i'm not just advertising my own courses and things like that right so i can see what works best for an enormous suite of businesses that offer you know we've got clients that offer you know i said the 30 000 service the 20 product everything in between digital non-digital you know the works right so it's not as simple just to say video works best video does work best in certain circumstances and what i would say is there's basically like a spectrum so the bigger the ask of your prospects the more you want to lead to more complex ad creative like video so i'm going to be really wanting to use facebook video ads if i'm advertising anything that's then future content future educational resources particularly to cold audiences so if i am advertising a webinar or a training program or anything like that video if i'm advertising a really high ticket service and looking to advertise that fairly directly um video is likely to work really well because before someone goes ahead and purchases a high-ticket service even a high-ticket product like a bespoke product would be another example they want a bit more information before they they take that step right so can you put together a product demonstration video if you you know produce like bespoke bathrooms for example you know that sort of thing you know where products sort of meet service doesn't it um what is the service that you offer it you know how does it work can you put in some video testimonials from from from customers give people more if you what you're asking them to do based on the facebook or instagram they see is is a big deal give that person the reasons as to why they should do it and video is the best way to do that you develop a relationship with the person you can do a product or service demonstration you can put in um customer testimonials you can put in some face to camera video stuff so you start to build that relationship basically the bigger the ask the more and more you want to lean towards um video one small caveat in that around sort of the high-end service is if you're offering something like a free consultation or something like that on the front end and your business's portfolio-based sometimes images or like carousels can work quite well and so i gave the bathroom example like yes a video of you know explaining the process how you do the service could an image out of a free consultation about how to do bath how we design and fit bathrooms for you with like a series of images could also work fine so there are obviously going to be exceptions to this but in general that's where i want to lean video is more expensive products and services more of an involved decision one where people want more information things like that on the other side of things the simpler the ask the simpler the product the simpler the service or even sometimes just the simpler the next step like if someone's just downloading a lead magnet for example and you might want to go more towards the image side of things keep it simple and the reason for that is that video converts better but only if people watch it so if you were to convert people that have been through a video versus people that have seen an image the people who have completed those tasks the video will always convert way better but videos have huge drop-off far far far fewer people go through a video than obviously just glance at an image now when it's an expense a relatively inexpensive product service or the next step is super simple like it's like book a free consultation even if the service is expensive everyone gets it they understand what free consultation is go ahead and book the consultation um you want as many people to take that action as possible you want to keep that cost pretty low you know imagine advertising a 30 product right you need a reasonably high percentage of people that see that ad to actually go ahead and purchase if you used a video ad for a 30 product the issue is that so many people are going to drop off on the video that your overall percentage of people that purchase is likely to be lower than with an image ad because with an image out people can just glance at it they can get it 30 do i want this do i not impulse decision move on on the other side of things with the with the the higher end products and services with the video side of things you're going to have less people going through the video than just glancing at but you need the proof you need the information you need the reasons the benefits associated with service for them to take that next action you need that extra convincing power that a video can bring and that's why the video works best so people often think like well video converts better and you're like yes it does provided people get to the end of it now no one or not many people are gonna go ahead and buy a you know a thousand dollar course let's say or a training program based off of an image ad particularly if it's cold audiences um they're just like why what is this where's the proof that this is good who knows et cetera et cetera but um so you need absolutely the convincing image ad won't work but also on the lower side of things you don't want to make the creative too complex because people who could have bought your product just based on an impulse oh it's 20 bucks let's just go ahead and buy it well actually if they need to watch a video first they don't make it through it they don't purchase so hopefully that makes a lot of sense the other thing i want to quickly talk about with the facebook video ads versus facebook image ads discussion is around cold and warm audiences so where we've got video favoring more complex products and services and and images favoring less you know lower price points less complex stuff this not to same extent but somewhat the same thing with cold versus warm audiences so with warm audiences i'm going to lean more towards simpler ad creative you know warm warnings to people that interact with your business before perhaps you don't need to explain how your service works um to that audience perhaps you just need to get like a reminder ad in front of them so that quick sharp nice easy touch point that you can do multiple times with images might work quite a bit better in that scenario than a video whereas with cold audiences we're going to lean more towards towards video because those are people that don't know you from anyone else that need to have your product or service explained need to have all the benefits associated with it so you can see that based on the fact that warm audiences have had a previous touch point um the process might be a little bit you know a reminder is often more what's required than a full explainer ad if that makes sense um but that's not as powerful as the what it is that you're offering that's the main determining fact of whether you want to go down the video or image route now of course there's you know it's easy if you've got a 20 product or you've got a 30 000 service but what if you're somewhere in the middle which tons of businesses are and think about it like a spectrum and there are going to be anomalies so if you are at all unsure where you fit video or image absolutely test both and i'd recommend that most facebook advertisers at some point test both and see which performs best you know you could eat have a low lowish value product but still see better results with video the majority of people see better results of the image but you might see better results of video we see anomalies in this quite a lot and so i'd recommend testing both and likewise you know for the for the reverse so test both if you're at all unsure but that is hopefully some guidance and some direction around that when you should at least start focusing your efforts where the majority of your sort of creative time or budget if you're getting professionals to do it for you should be spent and yeah hopefully that's useful okay so a couple of things before you go the first is my facebook group so i've got a facebook group called the facebook ads mastermind group we've got about 70 000 members right now it's amazing community full of facebook advertisers just like you want to get better results with facebook and instagram ads they're asking questions getting them answered it's one of the biggest communities of facebook advertisers in the world which is really really cool and we'd love to have you be part of it you know if if that's not something you want to be part of i'll do free live trainings in there most weeks as well by the way guys there is a link in the video description you can go ahead and click on that go through to our uh to the group request access and uh and yeah we'd love to see you get involved other thing i want to mention is our facebook advertising services so my company lead guru is a facebook advertising agency specialist agency and we create manage and optimize facebook and instagram ad campaigns for our clients now we do have a minimum budget requirement of 3k per month but if you meet that threshold and you'd be interested in finding out more about our services how we might be able to help you get better results than what you're currently getting you can go ahead and book a free call with one of my team members again a link in the video description to go to a page in our website you can book a slot directly to calendar into our calendar that works for you and yeah no obligation we'll just have a chat about what it is that you're looking to achieve if we might be able to help we may have worked with a business like yours in the past there's a good chance we've worked with hundreds and hundreds of clients um at this point so um so yeah maybe we'll get a chance to uh to work together in the future okay hopefully that's been useful uh please comment below to let me know if you've got any questions um remember hit that hit that thumbs up button and of course subscribe to my channel if you're new and haven't done so already okay thanks a lot guys bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @fumetsuresearch [15 likes]: I've realized that images in the middle of an action grabs attention and have higher CTR. Also, red arrows or red circles help to stop the scroll.
  2. @ahmadvirk2154 [3 likes]: Great content Ben Please make more videos regarding scaling facebook ads.
  3. @NicholsHomeTeam [1 likes]: Whats strange is I seem to be getting far better results from images than I am video as a real estate agent.
  4. @freegiveaways4243 [1 likes]: Hey Ben. You are talking about just services mostly in this video. In one of my targeting countries, I see people are not easygoing with online purchases. There UGC or a video ad works best. Engagement ranking is best with videos as compared to images.
  5. @justopeners [1 likes]: Ben, always great information.  I cant find a video out there that has CORRECTLY told us why on Facebook we can't add a jobs tab. Not your area maybe but nobody out there doing videos can solve this problem on Facebook. Always thank you.
  6. @technologicallysmart [1 likes]: Ben, how do I get customers into my store when I’m given only $25 monthly for marketing? Also, we have zero online presence. The owner doesn’t believe in online marketing, he’s very old school. Thank you
  7. @AliRaza-fz4mn [1 likes]: plz make a video explaining best on facebook ads strategy for shopify dropshipping to maximize sales ! or if you have any plz share the link thank you
  8. @mkdirove8406 [1 likes]: Great content
  9. @guyrosin19: I am about to launch a fb ad campaign for a service based business (local electrician) I have some before and after videos of the work. Do these generally convert better than static images? Thanks ben.
  10. @NomadMaverickHQ: Fun fact: I press 8 in almost every Ben Heath video, for the main takeaway(s) lol.
  11. @explainitsimple: Very true, what you speak here!
  12. @Benga-Eno: Maybe you can make a video about how to optimize campaign results that runs on a low budget? Like the 25-30$ per day range.

I find it hard to test and to play around with this low budget. 

I think that a video about that can be super helpful!

And thanks for your amazing as always content 🎉🙌🏻
  13. @clickeerdigital7773: A great video Ben!
  14. @fredfabrega1664: Ben, when I have the budget, definitely going to be your client !
  15. @zippydoodar: Hey Ben, what are your thoughts on Facebook analytics finishing "After June 30, 2021, Facebook Analytics will no longer be available".
  16. @Releasly: very nice Content, but those noises in the background make me crazy
  17. @greggygatal: Hi Ben. Would it screw my ads if I turn it off every midnight and turn back on at 6 or 7am? I have evergreem ads running for more than 3 months, and cosistently low conversions at those times but facebook spends evenly all throughout the day
  18. @J_J_J_J_J_: Hey Ben if I am not seeing any conversions (purchases) in one week on a $20 daily budget across 2 ad sets, should I start over or give it more time?

Audience is 900k for apparel
  19. @mohammedfiezaan8652: Hello, How do I get you to run my Facebook campaign and how much do you charge please provide me your contact details?
  20. @ujicephotography: Thanks for this video, I'm a photographer and I run ads for most of my Photo frames I make. I actually use Video ad for it, but, I need your advise, what do you think will best work out for my Photo frames ads? Image or Video ad?

- The Easy Way To Test Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent more than $150 million on Facebook ads, working with more than 3,000 clients worldwide. And in this video, I'm going to show you how I test within those Facebook ad accounts. Testing is incredibly important if you want your Facebook ad to produce fantastic results, but most Facebook advertisers do it wrong. Once you've been through this video, you'll know how to test Facebook ads the right way. Okay, so the first point that I want to make is to give things more time. So, Meta's algorithm works better when it has more data. Your campaigns perform better when you have more conversion data. when Meta is better able to work out how to get the results that you want to get that you've told Meta that you want to get by selecting your campaign objective and your performance goal. And a lot of advertisers just don't give things long enough when they're testing new ads or new creative or new headlines or new offers or whatever it is they're testing. If you just give things a couple of days, that's likely not long enough. Now, a sort of default time period that I would advise is about 7 to 10 days, but you need to be aware that you may need to adjust that and potentially adjust that significantly depending on your conversion volume, which is obviously going to be a function of your cost per conversion and your budget. So, some businesses are going to generate 2,000 purchases a day. Well, you can test things really quickly. It might literally take you a few hours to work out whether or not something's going to to work well or not. Now, we typically leave it a little bit longer than that. We might give that a couple of days, some new ads for example in that scenario. But the data means you're going to see what's your cost per purchase, what's your return on ad spend, how is it in comparison to what you've run previously, how is it in comparison to your benchmarks that you've set, your break even numbers, your target uh numbers, things like that really fast. On the other side of things, if you're generating five conversions a week, well, it might take you weeks, maybe longer to find out if new ads are performing because it's just going to take you that much longer to get enough data to know, okay, this number is now representative of what we can expect from this ad in terms of cost per conversion, in terms of return on ad spend. Um, is it a good performer? Is it not? Do we need to turn it off? Can we leave it running? Can we scale it? It's going to take a lot longer. It's also a function how long you need to leave things of how far off your target you are. So, I just talked about your target. Let's say you're looking to generate a cost per purchase of $30 as an absolute maximum. Well, if you're at $35, you can give things a, let's say, within a 7-day window, you could give that some more time, see if Meta can work it out, maybe make some other improvements um to see if it can come beneath your your target. If however your cost per purchase is $60, you know, you're double where you need to be, you can make the call earlier to go, okay, this ad, we tested it, didn't work out as well. That's fine. These things happen. Let's move on to something else. So, one things I would recommend is have a play about with a statistical significance calculator, free online tools, but you can go in and you can enter in your data and compare, for example, a new ad versus a previous one that you've run. And the the the calculator will tell you to what degree of significance, if there even is a level of significance achieved statistically, that your new ad has outperform or underperformed your old ad. And when you enter in relatively low numbers, as in too early, when you don't have much data, you'll often see a statical significance calculator will say, "Not enough data yet. Can't draw conclusions from this." And that's really useful for you to get a sense of as a Facebook advertiser, go okay, this needs more time. Whereas other times you'll enter in your numbers and they'll go, you know, to a 85% to a 90% um confidence level. We know that ad A is likely to outperform ad B or or vice versa. If in doubt, be patient. I think it's better to leave a test running a bit too long and potentially waste a bit of money on an ad that doesn't quite perform as well as another than have the alternative where you don't leave a test running long enough which means you turn off something thinking ah it didn't work when actually it just needed more time and that could have been something that produced results for you for weeks, months, maybe even sometimes years. You know, you have a creative performs well enough, you can you can sometimes run that for years depending on the market. So better to leave things a little bit longer than to cut them too short. Point number two is quality over quantity. Now, a lot of people, most people in this space have heard test success. You need to test a lot to succeed. And there's absolutely some truth to that. But I have seen a lot of advertisers, particularly in the last few years, overdoing it. They're testing too much at once. Ideally, you would isolate the variable that you want to test and test that in isolation. So, you don't want to be testing headlines and ad creative and ad format and offer all at the same time. Because if you do that and let's say one ad works really well, it's really difficult to work out did that perform really well because of the creative or because of the headline or because it was an image instead of a video or vice versa or because of you there's too many things going on for you to be able to know why that one performed well. Whereas if you try and keep things as consistent as possible elsewhere and say like right we're going to test to start with ad format. So we're going to test images versus video. We're going to have the copy remain the same, the headlines. We're going to have the offer remain the same. We're just going to test that to see which one's better. And once you've run that experiment, you've got concrete data, you then move on to testing another element. So, you absolutely want to test all those things, but just not at the same time. You need to be able to draw conclusions. And uh yeah, it's just something I see all the time where you test too many things, you go, well, we don't know why that performed well, why that performed poorly. It's there's too much going on. I'd also be careful creating too much. A lot of people have these ideas around, oh, as part of my Advantage Plus campaign, I need to have 20 creatives. I have to have 20 creatives otherwise there's no point running it. Not true at all. And what they'll do is they'll maybe have four, five, six good ideas for ads and the rest are just sort of fluff and variation. They just it's like a tickbox exercise. They just think, oh, I just need to do this to get these out there to be able to hit this magical number for testing. I'd much rather you focused on creating four really good creatives as opposed to 20 mediocre ones. There's always constraints on resources for producing creative, whether it's time, money, both, etc. Um, so yeah, so don't overdo it when it comes to that sort of thing. You also need to be aware of your budget, how that how that factors in. The more you spend and the more conversions you generate in a shorter time period, the more you can test cuz Meta is able to dedicate budget to the various elements and give it some time and see how it performs. If you're generating very few conversions and you go and throw 20 creatives um into an advantage plus campaign, how's meta going to optimize that properly? They're really going to struggle. So you do want to be careful there. Not saying don't test, not saying don't test everything, but don't do it all at once and don't do too much at any one time. In a second, I'll get to some more tips and techniques when it comes to testing Facebook ads. Before I do, just want to quickly let you know about our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So, my company can create, manage, and optimize your Facebook and Instagram ads for you. We can take that workload off your hands or take it away from an agency you might be working with who aren't producing the results that you're looking for and would almost certainly be able to help you get significantly better results because we do this all the time. We've spent tens of millions um on the platform. We've worked in every industry you can think of and we have a lot of experience and and a great track record. So, if that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website, book in a free call with uh one of my team members. If you want to do that, go ahead. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. Number three is to plan first. So, before you run any test, I think it's really important to think about what is it that you're trying to work out. What's your hypothesis effectively? you need a plan ahead of time as opposed to just well I just heard you should test so I just kind of created different stuff and now I don't really know what conclusions I can draw from the the test that I've run right um so an example would be I have the hypothesis that UGC ads will outperform the ads that we're currently running now if that's your hypothesis that's the test that you're going to run it's nice and specific and it directs how you're going to treat that test so what you would then need to do is create a number of UGC ads to test against your existing ads. Now, when you frame the test that way, you come to the right conclusion and and you do the right thing because, for example, you wouldn't want to test one UGC ad to test that hypothesis because if that doesn't work, it might not be that UGC either outperforms or doesn't outperform your regular ads. It's just that maybe that ad didn't work or maybe that ad did work. So you need a range of UGC ads perhaps like different people involved, different styles and test that so you get like a batch of those against a batch of other style of ads and then you can see which one performs best and you get a a more sense of an overall performance of that. So as you're going through and you're testing these various elements, you want to first think about okay, what am I going to test next? What do I think is likely to move the needle most? What's most important? and then approach it through that idea as opposed to just sort of random testing. And that leads me on to my next point which is to start with the big needle movers. So testing primary text for example is valuable. It's something that we will do but it's not something you want to do until you've worked out the more important stuff like what's the best style of ad for your offer. Is it UGC? Is it founderled? Is it a product demonstration uh type ad? Is it an influencer based ad? Is it video? Is it carousel? Is it single image? These things are much more important to work out. They are bigger needle movers than changing some of the wording and the copy um in your primary text. So start with the big stuff, then move on to the smaller things. And I've got a sort of a list of prioritization I'm going to run through now um of how we would typically look at this when when working with clients. So the first thing is going to be the product itself or the service. All right? Like which product or service should you sell? You might already have data on that. You might know what are your bests sellers in which case you can focus on those. Maybe that is something though that you need to test. You're like, I don't actually know which of my best sellers or which of my products or services sell best to this meta ads audience. Maybe we need to do some experimentation around that as a very top level thing before we then go ahead and move on. After that, you move on to the offer. Can you test making it more urgent or scarce or more appealing? Can you add in guarantees to offer some risk reversal around the offer itself? This is especially important if you don't have large warm audiences where the offer and the power of the offer is going to be less important which is obviously the majority of businesses. After the offer we're going to move on to creative which format is going to perform best. Do we need to test that? Do we need to test carousel versus image versus uh video? And then which style? I ran through a number of options there. Is it UGC? Is it influencer? Is it product demo? Is it founderled? Is it all sorts of different things. Okay. Then we move on to headline after that primary text. Then CTA button. than the description would be like a typical list. Now, there might be occasions where we decide, actually, I think we need to test this ahead of this because it's going to be more important. And when you're changing testing things like the offer, the headlines are naturally going to change with them cuz the ad needs to make sense, right? And maybe the creative to some extent, too. So, it's not as perfect as as that set out, but that's how we think through it. Like, okay, we've got the offer um sorted. We know this style of ad works really well for this business. Um this is the sort of creative we're going with. Now, we can test different headlines variations with all those things that are more important being fixed. Um, that's something that we would that we would look to do and and and think through the process of testing. Now, what that often means as you're running through that list is that you're starting with the hard stuff first. And that's why people don't often do this. It's really easy to test a new call to action button or tweak a bit of copy on a primary text. like that might take you a few minutes especially using chat GPT or something to help you write the primary text variations or even just meta's own AI text generation from within the uh ad creation process right um but recrafting an offer changing your product um producing highquality video creative with influencers these are hard things that's why people don't do it but that's also why that's where the rewards are because people don't want to do the hard things your competitors aren't doing the hard things if you can do the hard things then uh you're far more likely to have a better advantage and get the reward. So, it's easy to do, but my recommendation on testing would be don't take the easy route. Take the route that leads to better performance so much better over the long run. And when you are testing, it is absolutely essential that you have accurate data so you can see how your Facebook ads are performing and optimize them properly. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads. It's a software that all the big players, including myself, use. I use it to track the results I generate from my own ads. I also use it for all my organic content as well, which is really useful. So, someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services, for example. I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business, which is really, really helpful. And let me quickly show you how important this is. So, I'm in my Hyos dashboard. Um, I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this. So, this campaign spent just under £2,000, generated £15,000 in revenue. But here's the really important bit. reported versus revenue. And in this column, we can see £12,000. Now, what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated, Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000, £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see. So, if we're just looking within our Meta AD account, not using Hyros, we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign. And that is not true at all. That is a much much lower rorowass number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated. For a number of years now, Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect and it's only heading that way. It's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and uh and track our results as we need to be able to do. This is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because Meta has a 7-day maximum attribution window. And this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on. So someone clicks on an ad, they often won't convert within seven days. Meta is simply not able to see that data. And that's where Hyros comes in. The important thing is that you need accurate data and Hyros takes care of that. So if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Point number six is to take charge. So, if you've spent money, time producing ad creative, for example, that you think's really good, you're like, I I think this has got a really good chance of performing really well, and then you introduce it into an existing campaign alongside previous ads, and Meta just gives it no budget, or you've created a lot in a whole batch, you've introduced that all into a new campaign, and Meta's putting all the budget into just one or two bits of creative, not giving anything else um any love. Don't always assume that that's correct. Sometimes Meta has accurately predicted that the other stuff won't perform as well as the stuff it's giving budget to, but it's not always the case. Particularly if you're introducing new ads alongside existing ones because the social proof, the shares, likes, comments, interactions that the previous ads have um can make a big difference and can help those ads outperform the new ones even if the new ones do have potential. Meta sees that, they use that as a signal and they don't give the new ones um any budget. So in that scenario, which we run into all the time, we will often create a separate testing campaign where um we're going to basically force Meta to spend money on this new stuff that we think can work really well. So in that testing campaign, we might use adset budgets and like I said, we'll force Meta to uh to spend on new ad creative or whatever it is that we're testing. Now, when you do that, you need to be aware that you may well see a drop in your return on ad spend, often temporary, or a drop in or or or or a a worsening in your cost per conversion, an increase in in your cost per conversion because those existing ads with the social proof, those are like over the next two weeks, let's say, they're going to perform better than some of the budget, well, most of the budget being spent on them anyway, and then some of the budget being spent on new ads to test. But I think that over the long run, finding out how those new ads can perform is more important. It's really, really valuable because if you don't do that, you get into this situation. So many Facebook advertisers are here where they found a winning ad and they're running it. Every time they try and introduce new ads alongside, it doesn't really get any budget. It just seems pointless. They sort of stop testing, keep introducing new ads. They keep running this good performer, but slowly over time it fatigues and results just get worse and worse and worse. And you need to take charge in that situation. Be like, "No, no, no. I'm going to force some ad spend on these new ads. I think they can perform really well." Um, and knowing, okay, you know what? This one's still our winner, but once it fatigues, we've got these ones waiting in the wings to go. That's really important, particularly um over the long run. Number seven is to find things to test. So, I'd recommend that you take a look at what your competitors are doing. And not just from an advertising standpoint, but look at how people interact and talk about their products or services. So, take a look at their reviews, right? What parts of what they do do people love and give five star reviews for? What do they mention their five star reviews? And then, conversely, what parts about what your competitors do people hate? Do they give one-star reviews for? Um, people might care about things or want to avoid things that you didn't expect and think, "Oh, yeah, we do that. People don't like that. Let's stop doing that." Or, "Okay, we don't do enough of that. People seem to love that in our competitor reviews. Let's do more of that." And then obviously that impacts the offer, the product, the service that you offer, which then in turn impacts what you might be able to test within your advertising. Be like, "Okay, in these um fivestar reviews, people keep mentioning this thing. We do that, but we don't feature that prominently in our ad copy and creative. Let's make that front and center. Let's test that as a as an angle in order to get people um to be interested. So, not something many advertisers do, but very easy to do and can give you loads of ideas for ads. And if there are things that people leave one-star reviews for and really don't like and they mention, you in their one star review, they mention, oh, they do this thing I don't like, you can take that as your angle within your ad, within your creative and copy. You can say, by the way, we don't do this. You know, we don't we guarantee our delivery times. We make sure you're not left waiting. We have good customer service that you can actually access. It's not, you know, fighting your way through a cool center system of, you know, nine buttons and half an hour and all that jazz. Like, you can you can focus on those angles. Um, as well, you can also do the same thing for industries and niches that are similar to your business, but not within your exact space. I actually quite like this. It's a good way of finding inspiration for new ads as well because you can sometimes find something that people in your space aren't doing but looks like it's working really well in another space that's similar and you think you know what I can bring that in to my industry. We can gain a massive competitive advantage and that could be a massive win for us when it comes to return on ad spend. So I I've given this example before. I've created a whole video around um an industry that never used to have a finance option. We introduced a finance option which obviously was being done in other industries. just a few years ago and the ads just I mean absolutely crushed because no one else in that space was doing it and it it led to amazing results. I'd also recommend that you keep an eye out when you're using social media yourself which we probably all do more than you know we plan to and would like to uh even if we plan to go on business purposes we get sort of hijacked don't we? But if you are doing that from an ad standpoint what grabs your attention what might you be able to use? Just keep an open mind. Have a little folder save. Be like, "All right, okay. I'm going to quickly pop this in here. Um, I think this was a really good um ad. This grabbed my attention. I haven't seen people in my space do this sort of thing. Maybe I can replicate it." Point number eight, never stop testing. It's really easy once you find something that that works well to just stop testing. Be like, "Aha, I found the ad. I can run with this." Not a good idea, though, because everything fatigues. Facebook and Instagram advertising is interruption advertising. Um, unless your target audience is changing really really quickly, which does happen in some circumstances, like if it's based around a a live event and the audience is auto refreshing every few months or something like that. These things do happen, but but they're rare. And even in those scenarios, if you try and scale, you're still going to run into fatigue issues because you're going to run through that audience before it manages to refresh with the the one creative. Which means that if you understand that things are going to fatigue, you have to have other ads, other bits of creative ready to go. You have to have other options, other offers, maybe even other products and services depending on on your industry and and what it is that you do. Um, you can't just sit there and go, "This is brilliant." There's also an element of the platform changes. So, as the platform evolves, if you just go, "Okay, I've got an ad. I'm going to run this for the next 3 years. Everything's going to be fine." What happens if in a year there's a new feature that would make that ad much better and you're not taking advantage of it? Or you you're offering something that works really well. You've got a guarantee. Most of your competitors do. You don't. You've got um some sort of special offer and then your competitor's cotton on. They copy you. They start doing the same thing. Well, now your offer, your guarantee that made you really attractive is not as important anymore, and you need to go again and and develop something new and and change it up. Um these sorts of things happen. I think a lot of people they might be aware of the platform changes and they think okay I need to tweak some settings but actually what the other things that happen as well that does make a difference what your competitors are doing in the marketplace absolutely makes a difference because most people who are seeing your ads are also seeing ads from your competitors and you really have to be aware of that when you're putting your Facebook and Instagram ads together and thinking okay if someone's scrolling on Instagram for 20 minutes they're going to see my ads and my competitors I need to not just make my product, my service, my whatever appealing. I need to make it more appealing than this competitor in order to to get the best results possible. So, I I don't think many people um think about that, but that's something I would definitely recommend. Now, one thing I haven't talked much about in this video is, you know, with when you're testing, should you be doing it through advantage plus campaigns, through manual campaigns, all that sort of stuff. And I imagine some of you going through this thinking, yeah, what what's the structure? And I haven't done that on purpose because Meta, as I'm recording this, is in the process of completely changing Facebook ad campaign structure. We're effectively all going to be using a variation of Advantage Plus campaigns, but there's significant nuance to that. There's lots of options and flexibility. Anyway, I've created a whole video about the new changes. I've been able to get early access and a and a sneak peek into what's happening with these, and I've done a a video walking it through. You can go ahead and check it out here. This is one of the biggest changes to happen to Facebook ads in years. Probably the biggest since Advantage Plus came along um almost three years ago. So, if you haven't already, definitely go ahead and check this out. Thanks a lot, guys. Spicer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @RafaelBelor: 4:00 is this still the way to go? in other videos you suggested we should use the creative testing or the flexible ads feature, which technically does test a lot of different things at the same time. is there certain budget or purchase thresholds that you would suggest for these testing features?
  3. @AmarilisWernex: Gostei muito da explicação sobre como abordar os testes A/B com diferentes criativos. Já percebi que pequenos ajustes nas imagens dos anúncios às vezes geram resultados bem diferentes, mas sempre fico na dúvida de quantas variações testar sem perder o controle. Você tem alguma dica sobre o número ideal de criativos para começar?
  4. @ohyeah7234: is it still valid after Andromeda?
  5. @Stefan-of6qn: 👍🏼🧐 the content between the around 12 advertisements was very good.
  6. @morgansachs: this is so helpful! thank you!
  7. @DaveThomson: Click magic claims theyre better than hyros and provide examples
  8. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I want to find out which of my products generate the most interest. Should I put all product creatives (images and videos) into one campaign and ad set to let Meta optimize? Or should I create separate campaigns by product category, each with multiple creatives (e.g., 1 for mirrors, 1 for buffets)? Which approach do you think works best?
  9. @TiffanyGriffin-w2p: Thanks for sharing these valuable insights! I'm eager to see how these testing strategies will perform in the ever-evolving landscape of 2025. Really appreciate the actionable steps!
  10. @likedontcostmoney5595: i have problem to see if my video actually playing in the ads manager... maybe you can make video about it. (into my facebook account i got message my video can not be upload which make me worries)
  11. @NT-lg8vi: When I enter my post ID from a flexible ad, I’m getting this message “This post can't be used for an ad because it doesn't exist on the Page you've chosen, or it was originally created on a personal profile. Please choose a different post and try again.” Do you have any idea what this is could be about? I do not have any other profiles/accounts that I use for ads. I have tried all the different protection post ID numbers I could find by all the methods. It does not give me this message if it’s not a flexible ad post ID. Thanks!
  12. @bhavyajain5269: This is a really good action plan. Provides the right framework on how to think when testing.
  13. @itunes8442: what if i have no sales in the first 24 hours ? does that mean i should stop the ad ?
  14. @JP-wm1qz: If the biggest needle mover is product, and you want to test just this, how do you know what format to start with?
  15. @Josebenga: Should small budget accounts start with a single campaign with different variations? Or is it better to have multiple campaigns with consistent creative and only one part of the creative being tested
  16. @smiless101: I put 200  in 15 days as a full budget and the ad status is active and I am withdrawing a lot of money, but there is no interaction and no messages are coming at all. Only 1 to 2 messages come some days . What is the problem then?!!! I need help urgent
  17. @JP-wm1qz: I can’t get my head around this because you have recommended to stick to one campaign per product, but if I was to test which product works best, the first campaign would include all the different products right?
  18. @smashpickleball10: good
  19. @christopherleesmarketing: Local service ads fatigue in 7 days on a $30/day budget, so how can we let it run for sufficient time?
  20. @anubhavsatyapragy2249: Really helpful and insightful video

- Top 3 Most Effective Ways To Test Facebook Ads In 2025: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Three ways to test Facebook ads in 2025. And which one is my favorite for scaling e-commerce clients to million dollars a month. So the first one is just simply creating new campaigns every time you have new creatives to test. This campaign can either be an campaign or CBO campaign. I've seen mixes between both. And then all you do is just simply load in a few ads to it and then let it run. One of the pros for this specific structure is that it allows you to force a good amount of ad spend to every new batch of ads that you create. One of the downsides of this though, you're also spending a lot more on unproven creatives that you do not know if they'll work or not for your business. So, you will have a lot more swings between good and bad overall CPAs for the account. Having more campaigns also creates more auction overlap which also hurts overall cost per purchase on the account as well. Now the next method is the and CBO method combined. For this particular method you'll have a CBO campaign and then what you'll do is you'll have an campaign at a budget that's about onetenth whatever that CBO campaign is. In the CBO campaign, you have all of your winning ads that you are scaling. In the campaign, all you do is you simply create a new ad set at a low budget, maybe $10 to $50 a day per adset. And each new ad set is a new set of creatives you want to test. Now, one of the pros to this is that you're only spending a little bit of money on creative testing. And a little bit of money that you're forcing to these new creatives are unproven. Duo waste a lot less money than just doing new campaigns every time you have new creatives to test. One of the downsides of this structure, you will find winning creatives at a low budget, but it doesn't necessarily mean they'll work at a high budget. So, you'll find a lot of winning creatives at a low budget and you put them into the CBO campaign and they doesn't always get spin. One of the reasons why is because the campaign will be at such a low budget. All Facebook is doing is just basically collecting lowhanging fruit for purchases off of the main CBO campaign that's getting all the spin. Now, let's go into number three, which is the CBO method. All you're simply doing with this is having one CBO campaign, and then all you're doing is just adding in new adsets into that CBO campaign every time you have new ads to test. And you'll do one ad set with three creatives per adset. inside of that ad set, you'll either have flexible on where you upload the three creatives to that flexible or you'll have just three individual ads. Now, one of the biggest pros with this particular method right here is it allows us to scale the fastest when we find a new winning ad. With the other two methods, if we find a new winning ad, then we have to like either move it from an campaign or we have to start scaling up that new campaign we launch. Whereas this particular method, we're putting all of these adsets in our main CBO campaign for the account. So, it's already spending 80 to 90% of the total account budget. And when we find a new winning creative, it starts spending on that particular creative, it takes majority of spend and immediately sees a lift in overall performance for the whole account. Now, one of the biggest cons with this particular method right here is that it doesn't ensure that every adset gets spin. So, there'll be a lot of creatives you spend a lot of time and money on to build and you'll put them in the CBO campaign and then you'll just simply like not getting any spin and it can be very frustrating for a lot of people. Now that we've gone over the three methods and have been running Facebook ads now for over 10 years and I've scaled multiple ecom clients to million-dollar months, which one is my favorite method for testing ads? For me, it's the single CBO method. biggest reasons for me is that yes, there will be adsets that will not get any spin or little to no spin. And I'm okay with that because every time we've broken those adsets out and launched separate campaigns with them, they've always just burned money and they've never worked for us. So, it's like Facebook is actually helping us by not burning money on creatives. This method is also very simple to use. All we have to do is once a week upload a couple adsets with new creatives to that CBO campaign and then we just let them run and then the only time we're turning things off is if on a 7-day window that particular adset has a very high CPA hurting the performance for that particular campaign. This makes it very easy to use and also too we're only spending like 5 10 minutes a day inside of the ad account for management. And lastly, it's always given us the fastest way for scaling an account forward while maintaining a very good CPA at scale. Now, I'm curious, which one is your favorite? If you have a favorite one, then drop the comment below and also why you love that particular method. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Meomi37 [5 likes]: Why dont you just have 1 adset with all the ads? If I make adsets Facebook is telling me that having more adsets it auction overlap for each adset compete for each other.
  2. @aelyzdraen [1 likes]: For your preferred CBO method, can I do 1 ad per adset with forced minimum spend of 17/day for cleaner data? Does it need to be 2-3? I want to make sure Facebook isnt ignoring potential winners.
  3. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Gostei muito da parte em que você explicou como estruturar os testes A/B para identificar os melhores criativos. Sempre tive dificuldade em mensurar qual variável impacta mais no resultado. Você acha que vale a pena testar variações de copy logo de início ou é melhor focar primeiro nos visuais?
  4. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Achei bem interessante a forma como você explicou a importância dos testes A/B para otimizar os anúncios no Facebook. Concordo que fazer pequenas alterações nos criativos pode trazer resultados significativos. Já testei variações de chamadas para ação em anúncios e vi diferenças consideráveis no engajamento. Você tem alguma dica específica para testar públicos diferentes?
  5. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Testar diferentes criativos de vídeo como você mencionou realmente faz toda a diferença nos resultados. Eu notei que quando ajusto os primeiros 3 segundos para algo mais chamativo, a taxa de retenção melhora muito! Você tem alguma dica específica pra testar diferentes hooks de forma mais eficiente?
  6. @SharonKumar-s1q [1 likes]: Hey Nick, what about testing new products for womens footwear? would you throw them in the same CBO campaign or would you test them in a new CBO?
  7. @maartenbbakkers1200 [1 likes]: Hey great video!

The strange thing is i once tested a CBO campaign, with 5 creatives in it. 1 got 95% of all the spend. And it stayed that way. However when i took 2 ads from that cbo which did show promising metrics and tested them in ABO they were straight bangers. Im not kidding they were doing roas 11 in the abo.

Then i put them in a new cbo and they did work. However up until a certain budget point, after that limit performance dropped instantly, so they were like picking the low hanging fruit in a way.

I have this feeling that in a CBO mete just looks at the first signals of an ad and then pushes all the spend to the ad that shows the best early signals..

Anyone who had a similar experience? And what worked best for you
  8. @claudiuhvuu [1 likes]: If your ad account is relatively new and you want to test out these 3 strategies, is it a good idea to test these strategies simultaneously? If you want to test them individually, how long are you testing each strategy for?
  9. @TheMusicalWebb [1 likes]: Hey Nick! Do you find that if you were to add new creatives in one CBO, that Facebook can find the winning ones quickly without spending a lot of money like method #1?
  10. @MuhammadUsmanShahzad-c4r [1 likes]: If we do multiple adsets in one campaign the biggest issue or I say the most annoying thing is the learning limited thing! How do we handle that & once we have a good foundation so we can scale the CBO with multiple adsets by 20% Daily or till its stable right? would be helpful if you could help with that learning limited thing.. Thanks man Appreciated..
  11. @EcoAgilean [1 likes]: Nick, can you please refrain from using acronyms such as CBO or ABO, without explaining what they are? Many of us are doing meta ads for the first time :)
  12. @lexikazz [1 likes]: Question - if you add new ad sets into your testing CBO every week, are you also increasing your campaign budget every time you add new ad sets? if so, whats your rule of increasing CBO budget with new ad sets?
  13. @Stringfreak [1 likes]: Hey Nick! Great content as always. Please clarify something for me.
If I keep adding new creatives in the same ad set every week (in stead of creating new ad sets for the new creatives), does it create any difference in the overall performance?
  14. @saucywentcrazy [1 likes]: hello nick, thanks for the video, if im doing the one CBO, lets say im 100 dollar per day in spend, if ctr above 1.5pct and cpc under 2 dollars in the german market. lets say i launch a new set of creatives, 3 videos and at what spend on that ad set can i kill if no sales? thank you.
  15. @froggyjosh [1 likes]: Nick, are you just using broad targeting with all your ad sets?
And how about placements…advantage+ or manually selecting?
  16. @Skrapson63 [1 likes]: Can I test multiple products in the CBO ?
  17. @junebaytic5266 [1 likes]: So if you have multiple products and your structure is the same as what you taught before (1 campaign - 1 ad set - best seller ads)  and I want to test using the number 3 option, do I have to create new adset on my scalin campaign with different sets of creatives or should I make a separate test campaign instead on CBO so I can test there?)
  18. @fethyzakou4390 [1 likes]: Are you use one adset or multiple adset in cbo compaine in your third method
  19. @freefddl [1 likes]: What do you think about funneling? Prospecting cold(1% lookalike) into a specific blog/landing page with a traffic campaign, then with a nurturing campaign to retarget them into a converting page
  20. @andiosumayao2984 [1 likes]: hello Nick! do you have a rule on a maximum number of adsets running at the same time in one CBO? And when do you increase budget?

- Split Testing Facebook Ads: How to Improve Your Results: Kind: captions Language: en - The key to Facebook Ad success is simple. You've got to reach the right people with the right message and the right Ad. No problem, right? Well, there's a little more to it than that. The key to your success is really in the testing, but there are infinite number of variables to test and several ways to test them. In this video, we're gonna talk about how to test your Facebook Ads for better results. And stick around to the end, 'cause I'm gonna share a common mistake people make that waste money as well as impacts their test results. (bright music) Let's talk about how to limit your variables. The most impactful variable that you can test is your audience. Once you determine the audiences that respond best to your Ads, then you can move on to testing other things. I suggest creating three to five different audiences at the Ad set level and having the exact same Ad with the same image and same text underneath each Ad set, so the only variable is the audiences. At the end of your test period, you should have the best one or two audiences that have given you the best results. The next variable I recommend testing is the image. So now you're gonna take those one or two best performing audiences, and try a different image underneath each one to see how that performs. And lastly, if you have the budget and the time, you can test the text and the headline of your Ad. Now before we get into the full walkthrough, I wanna talk a minute about budgeting. In order to set up a proper split test, you need to have your budget set up at the Ad set level, not campaign budget optimization. A common question that I get is how long you should run your Ads, for valid split test results? And that's gonna depend a lot on your industry and your offer and your typical cost per result. Now let's jump into how to use Facebook's A/B testing tool. You're going to start by creating your campaign from scratch and selecting your objective. Once you do that, you're gonna click the get started button in the A/B test box, and then you'll get a message that this is your control campaign. And now you create your campaign as normal, choosing the audience, the image and the text that you want for this campaign. And then when you hit publish, a popup box is going to appear, now you're gonna select the variable that you want to change in this test. For this example, I'm going to choose a new saved audience. In this test, I'm gonna choose a lookalike audience. So in the variable section I choose which saved audience I want to test against, from the dropdown menu. Make sure you double check the daily test budget, so it's appropriate for what you want to spend each day. So then once you do that, you're ready to select create test. And then in your Ads manager, you'll see two versions of your campaign, and you'll be able to compare the results. Facebook will also tell you which campaign was the winner in your test. So I actually find Facebook's A/B test tool, a little confusing. So with my method, we are duplicating at the Ad set level, versus Facebook's A/B test, which duplicates at the campaign level. This way you keep your campaigns all together, and you've got a little more flexibility in how you set it up. So what you're doing is you're navigating into the Ad set level, you're selecting that Ad set and you're clicking duplicate. Now what you're going to see is the Ad set that is new, and also the original Ad set. Now you wanna change the variable that you want to test against. So in this example, I'm going to select the lookalike audience that I want to test against. Now I can keep all the other settings the same, and I will also be duplicating the Ads that are underneath that Ad set. To be able to easily read your reports, you definitely want to rename the Ad set so that you know exactly what you're testing in that Ad set. To be consistent, you may also need to rename the Ad at the Ad level. After three or four days, you wanna look at your results at the Ad set level, so that you know what Ad set is performing best. You'll take a look at your cost per result to make that determination. In this example, you can see what a big difference the right audience can make. In my retargeting audience, I was getting $2.89 per lead, versus one of my lookalike audiences, which was $6.81 per lead. That's a huge difference. So following our order of testing different variables, if you do wanna test another image, there are a couple ways to do that with my method of split testing. One is to duplicate at the Ad set level, so that you're dedicating the budget just to that particular Ad and that particular image. The other way would be to duplicate at the Ad level, and turn off the other Ads that might be running, because Facebook doesn't give the budget equally to the Ads that are underneath each Ad set. Once you find the best audiences and Ads, you want to keep the best Ads running and turn off the under-performers. One of the big ways that people waste money, is by using the all placements section in the Ad set level. Facebook by default has all the placements selected, and that is actually also increasing the number of variables you are putting into your test. Many people don't even mean to be advertising Instagram, but by default, Instagram is selected when you create a Facebook Ad. To find the placements area, go into the Ad set level, scroll down past the budgeting, past the audience, and then you'll see placements. By default, automatic placements is selected. You wanna definitely select manual placements, and uncheck any placement you don't want in your test. For testing purposes, I recommend using the Facebook feed only for your split test. If you've used all placements, you may wanna check how each placement has performed in the Ads Manager, by looking at the breakdown report, by delivery, and then select placement. Facebook will now show you how and how much you've spent on each placement. In this example, you can see how the Instagram placement costs me a lot more than the Facebook feed. So in the future, I may turn off the Instagram placement for this type of Ad. To go a little bit further with testing and scaling your Ads, watch this video. And for more Facebook Ad goodness, check out this playlist.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alo5323 [2 likes]: Hi lovely , 
Thank you so much for always sharing valuable content. 

I have a question. When should one use A/B testing, and how is it different from running two individual campaign. 
I feel A/ B testing can be a little biased as it judges the winner campaign based on cost per result. 

When  I want to test two audience variable, I usually run two independent campaigns and manually pause the less performing campaign in the long run. 
I have actually seen better and more genuine result in running two independent campaign than conducting A/ b testing. I would like to know your preview of this.  what I might be missing on testing very setting two independent campaign of a different audience.
  2. @SocialMediaExaminer [1 likes]: Master Facebook Ads! Start with Our Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXDcDVsUV4A&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_YuvXz1Ofzxe9los0Q_vPt2&index=2
  3. @arielbellelim [1 likes]: Hi great video! You mentioned to have about 3-5 audience, with the same ad, with same image and text. How do you test these 3-5 audience via split-testing? Or do you mean to just set it up normally without using a/b tool? The ones you've shown seem to only be able to test 1 vs 1. Please help, thanks!
  4. @brooklynelise5767: You have to reach the right people with the right message and the right ad. Creating A/B test ads can help show you which ads are the most successful for your business, this is based on click through rate to your website and other factors. Facebook by default increases the number of variables put into the program, by default they instagram is also selected when you create a facebook ad, automatic placement should be off/ if you dont want it in your test. Too many variables will lead to an innaccurate test for your ad.
  5. @ameazyshop8936: how many audience can be selected for each Ad Set recommended by you?
  6. @BigUncTheSkunk: Any idea why a/b tests would be available for some of my accounts but not another?
  7. @sabarigirinathaniyer4375: Super informative!!! Power packed video. Thank you
  8. @ellen_yzone14: i really enjoyed the learnings i gained watching your videos. how i wish i could be part of your team.
  9. @iranatasha: You explained this so well! Thank you!
  10. @achieveit5800: thank you
  11. @knightlight666: Quality content! Probably one of the best channels to learn social media marketing!
  12. @arslanyousaf9462: Hey, for startup users who do not have saved audience .. what's the alternatives to do split testin
  13. @rohanchaudhary7462: Ok so i have one question here, Usually the main reason for A/B Split test is due to overlap of audience .....When u select Split test on FB u budget is been split between the 2 ads and the audience are not overlapped ! But as i can see u r method of SPLIT TEST ! u just duplicated the Campaign ! So did u changed the Budget of both the campaign and set it up manually ? and what about audience overlap ?
  14. @ryanwalker2340: Every time I try to edit after duplicating an ad set it changes the original ad set I duplicated, which defeats the purpose of what I was trying to do. This doesn't seem like a bug since Facebook gives me a notification telling me it's changing the original ad set to reflect the new changes. I used to do this method years ago and have been watching videos to brush up. I'd break things way down into 5 age demos, split into male and female, and each of those with at least 5 separate images/ads. Made a world of difference. Need to get back to that. Suggestions?
  15. @EchoedHarmony1: Thank you sooo much Madam I really aprecaite your work, you are the best
  16. @martiniquethestoryteller5716: Do you happen to have an updated split testing vid since FB has made some changes?
  17. @95np23: I loved your explanation.
  18. @joannahong6262: When you test ads and duplicate at the ad level i.e. you have the two ads you want to test in the same ad set, the ads dont get allocated the same budget. How would you then detetmine which ads performs better?
  19. @TeSageDS: Thank you so much for the great detailed tips. I was about to run image A/B test. Facebook suggested me to try carousel ads, do you think is better or lower the cost?
  20. @RealEstateRadioTV-SA: Thank you regards South Africa

- How To Implement A/B Split Testing for Facebook Ads [BEST WAY!]: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone in this video I'm going to show you how to correctly Implement AB split testing for Facebook ads first go to your web browser and open the Facebook Business website once you're on the site click the settings tab on the bottom left side you can change the user info in this section next go to the left sidebar to open the site menu here select the content option and on the next page you will find the ab test tab Now navigate to the AB test tab in the content section to create the test click the create AB test button click the format field in version a and select your format for this version to post such as images next click the add photo button to upload your media from your device after selecting your media hit the open button do the same for other versions first choose your format and then add media from your device once you add the media it will show on the right side of the screen after that add the test name description and other necessary details in the given Fields once you're done click the preview and publish option review all the details and hit publish now it will start creating the test and in a few seconds your test will be created next click view test to preview all the details of the test you created you can view all the test in the ab Test Section and click on it ultimately you can view the test results status Impressions and all the other information about the test thank you everyone for watching this video hope you got some value make sure to like the video and subscribe goodbye

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  3. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  4. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  5. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  6. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  7. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  8. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  9. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  10. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  11. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  12. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  13. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  14. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  15. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  16. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  17. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  18. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  19. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  20. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?

- How To A/B Test Facebook Ads For BEGINNERS: Kind: captions Language: en by the end of this video you're going to understand what a b split testing is and how to do it successfully with your Facebook ads so that you spend less money for more profits so let's start by defining what a b split testing is and by the way I have all my chapters marked below so if you already know what it is you can skip to the next section in the world of Facebook ads a b split testing is when you run multiple ads with one variable changed in each for example if you're wanting to test out different captions you would run the same creative being an image or a video for multiple ads but give each ad a different caption or vice versa if you're wanting to test the creative you would run a different image or video in each ad but keep the caption the same in all of them then you identify which ad perform the best in terms of Engagement or sales or whatever your goal is keeping one element the same throughout such as the caption and then changing the other elements throughout such as the creative allows you to see exactly what it was about an ad that made it work if all the captions are the same but add number three with a customer testimonial video performed way better than ad number two with a product feature video that's important information for you to know you can go forward understanding the testimonials resonate with your audience better than product information and you can use that information to make more ads that are successful in the future if you just run one ad you won't know what about that ad brought in the results or what about that ad caused it to flop if it didn't bring in the results therefore it's going to be tricky trying to recreate that success or avoid that failure in the future I've also seen clients put up multiple ads and think that alone is a b split testing but there has to be a constant and a variable let's say you've got ad number one with a video and a caption about that video and then you've got ad number two with product Carousel images and a different caption about those products and let's say the video ad wins it brings in the most results at the lowest cost per result you won't know what caused that add to be the winning ad you might say oh it was because it had a video as the creative as opposed to the product Carousel but the captions were different in both ads too so what if it was the caption in the video ad that made it perform better you won't know because you didn't really run an A B split test where there's a constant AKA a controlled variable that stays the same across all ads versus an independent variable that's different across all ads also are these words bringing y'all back to like sixth grade science or is that just me anyway once you've graphed those Basics about how a b split testing works it opens the door to many opportunities with your Facebook ads because there's so many things you can test we've covered the obvious variables like creative and captions but you can test the destination link where you send your ads to or you can keep all of your ads the same and send them to different audience AKA testing different ad sets and the list goes on so this person who asked if you can use a video and add a and an image in add B absolutely among many other options now this person asked if we could show how to a B test without using the end build feature and yes that's exactly what I'm going to show you how to do today so let's get into how to set up a b split testing in Facebook ads manager we're going to go to business.facebook.com ads manager now if you're not super familiar with as manager or haven't created a single ad yet don't know how to create an ad you're going to want to watch this beginner's video on how to do that first that video walks you through step by step how to create a Facebook ad once you know how to do that you can come back here to this video and start setting up a b split test ads so assuming you know your way around as manager just a little bit start on the home screen and either create a new campaign ad set an ad from scratch or click into a campaign you've already got running you'll want to First determine what it is that you want to test something related to your ads or your audiences anything ad related will be dealt with in the ad level and anything audience budget or placement related will be dealt with in the ad set level so let's say you're wanting to test out different creatives you would set up your campaign ad set and first ad like normal or choose an ad from a campaign you're already running like I'm about to do here and you'll duplicate the ad do this by hovering your mouse over ad number one and then hit duplicate from there choose existing campaign make sure it's in the same campaign as the one ad number one is in same thing for the ad set and then hit duplicate it should bring you to this screen where you're now editing hitting the duplicate ad first you'll want to change the name to something that's recognizable for you you want to be able to look at the name of this ad at a glance from the as manager home screen and know which one it is so whether you call it ad number two or a descriptor of the ad like add with video or something you'll want to change that here then you'd scroll down and change out the creative since that's what we're testing in this example you could change it to an image or a carousel or change it to a different video you'll want to keep everything else the same alternatively if you're testing captions you'll keep your creative the same as ad number one and change your caption here in ad number two or you could do that with your headlines descriptions you could test your call to action button your destination URL Etc just remember you're only changing one thing on this screen so pick what you're testing for change that and leave the rest as it is and then hit publish and you can continue to follow that process to create several more ads depending on how many ads you're wanting to run in this test if you have three videos to test against one another you'll have three ads if you have eight captions you want to test against each other you'll have eight ads and so on now let's look at how to a B test ad sets again you will a B test in the ad set level if you're wanting to test different audiences budgets or placements against each other so you'll select the ad set Tab and follow a similar process hover your mouse over the ad set you want to copy and hit duplicate select the same existing campaign hit duplicate and edit the name of the ad set to be recognizable to you such as ad set number two or again a descriptor of what you're changing from ad set number one then scroll down change what you're testing for and leave the rest as it is so if you're wanting to test out different budgets change the budget leave the rest the same if you're wanting to test out different audiences edit your demographics interests custom audiences and more here and leave the rest the same if you're wanting to test out ads exclusively on Facebook versus ads exclusively on Instagram change your placement and you guessed it leave the rest the same the same principle applies here and that you're changing one thing on the screen and leaving everything else the same including the ads once you're done hit publish now this person asked what budget should you use to a B test I'm going to answer that but first really quickly I have to say that if you'd rather have Facebook advertising experts handle all of your Facebook marketing for you so you can see profitable results without having to fuss with it yourself we do that for small businesses every day so if you want to get a free quote just fill out our contact form I've linked it in the description alright so how much should you spend on Facebook ads when a b testing our rule of thumb with Facebook ads in general is that you should at least like at the very least be spending 500 a month per campaign that comes out to about 16 a day to fuel however many ads you got going on within that campaign so if you're a b split testing a lot of ads or especially a lot of ads within multiple ad sets you'll want to increase your budget enough from that 500 monthly Baseline so that all the ads can get some reach with a fair and equal chance of getting served once your ads have run long enough to where you can start picking out the top performers from your test then you can turn off all the losing ads and allow the remainder of your budget to be put fully towards the winning ad or ad set I say all that because I know it can make you start feeling impatient when you're spending all this money on ads that are not generating you results or are generating them at a cost per result that doesn't work for your business model but the goal here is to quickly test out a lot of variables and narrow in on what does work for your brand your audience and your product or service so you can put your budget towards the ad that is generating results the alternative here is running every ad one at a time until you find what works which takes forever and even more budget so we don't want to do that now you may have noticed the little a b split test icon in as manager for my screen share earlier Facebook offers a native a B test you can run where it uses AI to help you determine High performing ads Morgan shows you how to use that in this video so I'll link that Below in case you're interested in learning how to do it that way and I will see you guys in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=abtestfbads&utm_campaign=jun52023
  2. @orvex21: This is the sort of content people need
  3. @peellart1412: This is the part that saves you from wasting money fast. I used to change too many things at once and get nowhere, so this step by step breakdown really helps, and pairing it with Resplst Marketing landing pages can make the winner easier to spot.
  4. @sharonh87: couldn't hold myself questioning though ...if you just add more ads into the same ad set , how does it a/b test? 
doesnt fb choose to serve best performing ad from within all ads of specific ad set? so it makes me wondering if this setup is actually reliable. a/b test should be then done with the a/b test option available. or am I crazy?
  5. @DocuDroid: Great video! A/B testing can really make a difference in optimizing ad performance, especially on a platform as vast as Facebook. It's amazing how small tweaks can lead to significant improvements in engagement and conversions. Definitely valuable for beginners trying to get the most out of their ad spend. Looking forward to trying out these tips!
  6. @zahreddinesoualem3213: After I find out what work better for me, let say I find that the creative in ad 1 work really god and got better result, should I delete other ads ? if so, does that affect the campaign or the ad set ? further inforamtion please and thank you so much for this informative video I admir your enery.
  7. @maurerduprey: Okay, A/B testing doesn't seem so overwhelming anymore! Thanks for breaking it down into actionable steps that even a newbie like me can follow. I'm eager to start experimenting and improving my Facebook ad campaigns!
  8. @niobehoskin: This video really simplified A/B testing for me! I'm now confident to start experimenting and optimizing my Facebook ads, thanks for the actionable tips.
  9. @zalmanchristman: Wow, A/B testing on Facebook Ads finally makes sense! I appreciate the step-by-step approach, which makes it less intimidating. Now I'm ready to start testing and optimizing my campaigns.
  10. @Tonje-r7y: Fantastic explanation! I was hesitant to start A/B testing, but you've broken it down so clearly that I'm ready to jump in and start optimizing my ads. Thanks for the confidence boost!
  11. @Breana-e1v: This video has given me the confidence to actually start A/B testing – the clear steps and actionable advice are exactly what I needed to get started. Thanks for making a complex topic feel so approachable!
  12. @robensonalmazan: This video made A/B testing feel achievable! I'm excited to start experimenting with my ads and finally understand what truly resonates with my audience. Thanks for the actionable advice!
  13. @remigioadkinson: Finally, A/B testing doesn't feel like a daunting task anymore! Thanks for breaking it down into simple, actionable steps that even a beginner can understand. I'm excited to start experimenting and optimizing my Facebook ad campaigns.
  14. @gentiancalder: Finally, A/B testing seems less like a gamble and more like a science I can actually understand and implement. Excited to apply this to my campaigns and finally get some data-driven results!
  15. @jacquella-b6j: This is exactly the confidence boost I needed to start A/B testing my Facebook ads. Thanks for breaking down the process into actionable steps, now it's time to experiment and improve!
  16. @MaryBrice: Finally, A/B testing feels less intimidating and more like a fun experiment! I'm excited to apply these practical steps to my next campaign and see the results. Thanks for the clear explanation and actionable advice!
  17. @wainachistephanie2043: Great explanation...thank you
  18. @owincromwell: This was super helpful; thanks for making A/B testing feel less overwhelming! Now I'm motivated to finally start testing different ad creatives and refine my strategy.
  19. @rarahu-j9u: Finally, A/B testing doesn't seem like some marketing wizardry anymore. Thanks for giving me the confidence to try this out!
  20. @Corinna-h4s: Great tutorial for getting started! I'm especially curious about the best metrics to focus on when analyzing A/B test results for different business goals. Are there specific KPIs you recommend tracking beyond just click-through rate and conversion?

- Hướng Dẫn Test AB Quảng Cáo FAcebook ADs 2023: Kind: captions Language: en Then you'll see that you've chosen the right post, right? This ABS post got 35 results. This ABS template has two templates here, and you 'll see the results. One post got 24 results, and the other got 11 results, right? And the results here are 17,000 and 18,300. When we get ABS like this, it means this post/template is the winning template. This template is the winning template. We can keep this template to continue running ads. However, in this ABS case, our two posts are almost the same because one got 18 results and the other got 17. Do you see? What do we do with these two templates? When we have two good templates like this, we can keep both. This is the first stage when we finish the ABS phase. These two templates... Okay, so what do we do next? It's very simple. We just need to copy it into two more templates. We can copy it into a campaign, or we can create a new campaign. This new template, we'll call it number 2. In the old template, we're running a group, right? A group in the old campaign. Let's close it down. This old campaign... That's the old area. The first campaign is the editing corner. We're testing a group, and it's 23, right? So when we test both campaigns, they're both okay. Then we move on to this new campaign. The campaign we just duplicated... here, you'll create two groups. You copy two groups. This is the second ABS test. The second AW test... Usually, this time I can predict the result, which is the template that gives cheaper results. Then it will win, but we still have to test, who knows, maybe it will be effective for both. Right? Okay, so after we create these two groups, okay, then go to this place, three groups, two groups. It seems like there are three groups already, we have three groups already. I just accepted one, so I'll delete one. Click on this, delete it. At this point, do you see this part? This is the original group, this is the duplicate group, so I'll call this duplicate group number 2, sample number 2, sample number 2. And this I'll call sample 1, so above this, I'll delete sample 1, I'll delete the duplicate, delete the item number 1, copy number 2. Number 2, I'll delete number 1. This is phase 2, the group testing phase, and in this phase, you need to pay attention that you need to allocate a budget here. If you leave it like this, it's currently... 400,000 per group, 400,000 per group, guys. This is a campaign with two groups, and the daily budget for each group is 400,000, right? If the daily budget is 400,000, then if you don't have much money or the test budget exceeds the limit, you'll click on the campaign objective section and set the campaign target. You can change it from 400 to 400 or even 300. Change it until the yellow warning disappears. After running the campaign for a day or two, it will differentiate which campaign group is effective. At that point, you can keep the effective campaign group and turn off the ineffective one. Finally, another test is the ABS section of this campaign. We'll create this AB test, and the AB plastic creation is similar to what we've already created, guys. We've already created the version. They're different, but there's nothing to it. Here, you guys have this to determine, and then we'll click to see if anything else is displayed. Nothing, right? We close it and click publish. This is the second testing process, group testing. After testing the table, we'll move on to group testing because these posts are too similar, too alike. The results are similar, so we keep both. Sometimes, a version might be different. You see, this is version A. After completing the process, version B is coming up, so we click continue to copy this ad. Okay, here we have the content section, the audience section, and the customization section. These three sections are for creating the difference between A and B. Here, we'll choose the audience section. The audience we just chose was the age range from 22 to 34, right? So here, we'll choose a younger age range, for example, a larger age range, for example. We'll continue with the... This is easier. The target audience continues similarly. When we test AB according to the campaign level, it will segment people. There will be tests, etc., and it will give us results. This part is the later part. This part is the later part. You can apply this part and the first part, however, I don't like using this part much, so let's skip it for now. I'll skip it for now. I won't apply it to this. I'll go with the groups first, and then come back to the campaign level for the later groups. That's the part AW shared with you. If any of you don't know how to do it, when we run ads, you need to pay attention to one thing: we will have to create at least two versions of the ad because we can never know if the ad we write will be effective or not. And usually, how long does testing take? Testing for about 12 to... Within 24 hours, we'll know the results of the ad. If it fails, you can discard it immediately; there's no need to wait longer. Okay, hopefully this video will help you create a more effective ad and test your campaign more efficiently. Goodbye and see you in the next sharing videos! Bye bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @yan97s [5 likes]: dạy vớ va vớ vẩn
  2. @khabahung [3 likes]: Dạy xong người khác xem chẳng hiểu dạy cái gì -))
  3. @gamethu6789 [1 likes]: Test A/B thì để mấy ngày hiệu quả anh ạ
  4. @MinhTruongMeta: Ko hiểu gì luôn
  5. @longquang7652: cho em hỏi là chạy như vầy thì có mất tiền ko ạ
  6. @thuyhoang5382: Cảm ơn bác rất nhiều chia sẻ hữu ích. Rất hay

- Demo chạy A/B Tesing trên Facebook Ads - Quảng cáo phân tách - Chaubnm3: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello everyone, this is a video where I'll guide you on how to do AB testing on Metabus. First, to do AB testing, you can choose the AB testing section. In this section, you'll choose " Start". However, to set up the test, your ad must be on, meaning it must be running. Currently, on my ad page, the entire campaign is already complete. There are no campaigns currently being distributed or running, so I'll choose any campaign, then I'll select the AB testing section and click "Start". In this section, I'll copy that ad and set up version A. This means copying this ad, and we'll choose test variables. In the test variables section, as you know, when we do AB testing, we test multiple variables and multiple times. You can test the first time, you 'll test the content, and you'll see whether the content is good or not. Or, after you find the winning version, you will optimize that content, and then you can choose the test variable as either the audience variable or the ad placement variable. Additionally, you can customize many variables there so you can see the results. Here, I will choose the ad placement part, and I want to copy the ad group. This is the ad group. I click continue here, and we can choose the test name again as "test n ad placement for ad P Dong Nai Gold test day test ad B Dong Nai". I will choose the location as ab a b testin, ad placement VD Dong Nai so I can remember it. In this section, it will be the data to determine which version wins. After testing, if a version wins, Bet business will suggest it to us. Here, we can choose cbc, cost per result, or cost per result (CPM, cost per purchase). Additionally... You can choose whichever standard event wins, for example, the SMS campaign. For instance, you would choose the cost per new SMS sender. However, here we will choose the main metric as CBC. This is up to you; if you want to see where the best performance is, I recommend CBC. The default campaign schedule will show you 5 days, from the 15th to the 19th (tomorrow), starting and ending. At the end of the experiment, if it finds a winning version, it will end the experiment early. I will choose the ad group copy option, and then wait a moment. The ad manager was a bit slow just now. After you have set everything up, you will see your ad displayed in a preview. Click publish, and after reviewing, we will... I will select the review and post section. Then, when you click post, it will be sent to Facebook to prepare for running. Here, you can see the details to see which parts need fixing. We will fix any errors. Update the target audience, then choose the interaction option. After you have reviewed the details, you will click post. This is currently in testing. These two are currently in testing. After you have reviewed the details, you will click post. Here are the target audiences: shipping, campaign, choose interaction. I have two options already. Okay. Because currently, my account doesn't have the permission to set up ads directly. When you use your account, you can choose to post ads. If you have management rights, you can post these ads. Here, you can review the details. Review the details to see what changes have been made. After changing it, you will need to register it; that's how to set up the AB information.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danghcao: Cô ơi test content ở fb thì nnao vậy ạ
  2. @Duynguyendigital: cô hướng dẫn A/B tesing trên gg ads nữa được không ạ

- Cách thực hiện ab testing quảng cáo Facebook mới nhất: Kind: captions Language: en We now move on to the second step, which is how to do it. After we understand what AB testing is for and its purpose, we move on to the second aspect: how to perform IB testing. So, what is the purpose of performing IPing? So let's learn how to perform IPing. These are the metrics that AB needs to achieve before testing the advertisement. So, we have three things we want to share. That includes content, advertising format, and target audience. Besides that, I've also noted a little bit here, which refers to products, advertising accounts, or a few other things. In short, if you're new to Facebook advertising and you're clueless, you don't understand the market, the product, or anything related to the product's characteristics and target audience. You absolutely must test the product, and even test it on your ad account. There are many cases where, while running an ad account might not yield good conversion rates, if you duplicate it and transfer it to a second ad account or a different account, your ads might reach the right target audience, generate orders, and achieve results. Facebook advertising is quite something, in short. Generally speaking, Facebook ads are really funny. Therefore, even if you are very skilled and have many years of experience, you will agree with my point that Facebook is very unpredictable. That's for sure. If you're going to say things like, "Oh, this guy, this Facebook guy, he's like this and that," then you definitely have n't had enough experience yet. Once you've had enough experience, you'll realize that Facebook is very unpredictable. So, from this ad account, you see, the same person doing the same setup, but it might not be effective, while on another ad account it might be effective. Facebook is really funny. I'll share a story like this: in my company, the technical department, when they deploy ads for clients, sometimes after setting it up and measuring results for the first month, if they don't see promising results, they can switch to a different technician, change the content. Changing the content means changing the person in charge of the fan page, and then changing the person in charge of the page itself. It's like changing the luck or the wind. So, sometimes we just keep thinking, "Why?" Sometimes, one technician's campaign isn't working, then another technician comes along and it works perfectly. It's really funny. Going back to the topic of advertising, you have to answer questions like "why" and " what's the purpose?" What is the goal we need to achieve in our advertising campaign? That is, before launching the advertisement, you need to define the objective we want to target, right ? So, then we take the steps to perform AB. First, let me share with you my thoughts on mindset. I've written it down specifically here. Regarding this general mindset, there are many ways to implement it. Whether we create a campaign containing multiple ad groups or create multiple such campaigns, depending on the specific metrics we need to test, just remember that there are many ways to test. So, we can create this campaign, create this campaign, multiple ad groups, and an ad. What are we testing with this? What is this for us? Target testing is when we test a target, testing that object, testing in a way similar to how someone might test their mouth. For target testing, we create multiple ad groups. What do we get from each of these ad groups? There are different tests, meaning there are different target settings . Then it uses the same format. They both use the same advertising format and the same promotional text. Then the second testing method is to run multiple campaigns. Many of these campaigns are for testing what? This test is a test of the advertising format . Here it is. To test this advertising format, we need to create multiple campaigns. Could it be campaign one? What kind of campaign is it? Interactions and posts. What can you do in interacting with this post ? Is this the inbox ? It could involve enlarging the post or interacting with it. The second campaign could be about boosting sales, right? It depends on your ideas. Test different formats to see which one is most suitable for your product. Then the third test is a campaign, an ad group with multiple ads. What is this type of test designed to help us find out? Find the content, find the article that stands out, that's engaging, that has a high conversion rate, and that receives a lot of interaction. So, here I want to point out something to you all: what criteria are we testing? When testing a specific metric, you only need to change that metric, and you must keep all the other numerical values unchanged. Here are the pictures, everyone. We test whichever metric we need to change, and then we change that metric. As for the remaining parameters, we have to leave them as they are so we can test them. That's definitely the test time . We need time to measure and evaluate which methods work and which don't. Then you are required to take the test for yourself for 7 consecutive days. Typically, testing takes about 7 days. 7 days. However, if we are an agency with practical experience working on similar products, or even the exact same product but from another company, then we don't need to go through this ABS form. For example, if someone is selling drills, handheld drills, humidity meters, and other related household appliances, we have a customer data set. We've been involved in this industry, meaning this product segment, for quite a while now. Therefore, we have a target audience that we collect through pixels. We even provide a target audience interested in this product or service, so we don't need to run tests. We take the account, the product, and that audience file and directly promote that product. We run ads immediately, and it's effective, generating orders right away. Because we have the audience file, I repeat: in Facebook advertising, the most important thing is understanding your potential customer audience. This potential customer audience file determines whether or not you make a sale. The essence of advertising is that we only target and aim for potential customers who have a need or interest in that product or service. Therefore, the more accurately you target your customer base, the higher your sales conversion rate will be. It's like the story of when you sell rice and rooms for rent. Instead of holding flyers, if you stand on the street handing them out, the conversion rate is very low. Instead, if you're selling office lunches, you print flyers and hand them out to office buildings to distribute meals—that is, handing out flyers to sell office lunches—then the conversion rate will be higher. Do you understand me? The essence of sales is that if we find the right target audience who are interested in our product, the success rate of our advertising campaign will be higher. From a mindset perspective, both I and the MD Tiger Academy believe that the right mindset leads to the right approach, while the wrong mindset will certainly result in an ineffective method. So, it's like our science program; for any of our programs, whether it's Facebook science , Google science, content science, Shopee science, or general science, we always focus on a specific area in the first three training sessions. From a mindset perspective, what's important is having the right mindset, and if we think correctly, we'll find the right way to do things. How do you understand the essence of the problem? What do you understand about online selling? Once you understand the right mindset for selling online, and you understand the strengths and weaknesses of different online advertising methods, and which products are suitable, then you will have the right approach. That right mindset leads to the right way of doing things. The method is very simple. The nature of Facebook, Google, and Shopee's advertising methods and implementation is extremely simple. Do you know why? Because, quite simply, they are a company, they are a business. But what does a company, a business, want? The goal is to sell as much as possible. What exactly are its products? It's us, it's this add, it's Facebook Ads, it's Google Ads. Google Ads and Facebook Ads are essentially their golden goose. So what does that mean? So, what exactly will this create for us? Setting up the advertisement is convenient and simple. Just trust me. I started implementing this project over 10 years ago. I've been working here since 2011/12, starting as a delivery guy at Bac Rong Bay and then at Vat Gia. I've been working in the online industry for over 10 years, so I can confidently say that to you. That brings us back to the topic related to AB Facebook advertising, so let's move on to the next one. Then there's the product testing method. To test a product, we create multiple advertising campaigns to measure the response and see how potential customers react. The way to test content is to create a campaign, an ad group, and multiple ads. Here, we're creating a campaign that can contain multiple ads, so please remember that, okay? Change the specific parameter you want to test, and leave the rest of the parameters unchanged . So now you guys are testing this content. Testing content means testing our advertisement. The types of advertising posts we can create could be text posts containing images, meaning a text post with one image, a text post with two images in a loop, a video post, and then a plain image post . That means fewer pictures and less content, or less text. There. Okay, so here we can do it like this. Please remember to give me this. The campaign and the fox group must be left as they are. You have selected the inbox engagement campaign. That's your inbox. That means you should leave the interaction section as it is . This is an interactive marketing campaign, so this should be left as is. Then leave the course enrollment target as is. For example, here's an advertisement: one type with one image, one type with two images, one type with a video, one type with a carousel, one type with a slideshow, or one with three to five articles. We test which content and format best suits the product, meaning it's suitable for our target customer segment. So here I wrote that creating this interactive campaign targets the same customer segment and evaluates which posts are more engaging, reach more people, and have more interactions and positive feedback. In short, this is about finding the article that best suits our target audience. Here, we are testing content to find the article that best suits our target audience. So, I'll reiterate that the testing period is always 7 days, 7 consecutive days. Only then can we give an accurate blood sugar measurement assessment . The second thing we need to test is the object file based on potential rows. So, after we've tested to find the most engaging content, we need to test to find our target audience by creating a campaign with multiple ad groups, but with only one ad. Because with the previous IP testing, once we found the right ad, we created a campaign and segmented it. When multiplying groups, please note what you need to do in this grouping process. Each of these ad groups must be manually retargeted based on individual metrics. For example, regarding age ranges, ad group 1 would be for ages 18 to 22, ad group 2 for ages 22 to 42, or 22 to 24, and so on. 24, then 24 to 30. For example, you test each age range to measure which age group best matches your product. Although we 've shared information about customer relationship management (CRM) platforms within the Facebook department, you can get an idea of what it's like based on our experience. For example, your product might be aimed at younger people, but you need to understand that even a one-year age difference can result in hundreds of thousands of user accounts on Facebook. There are hundreds of thousands of active accounts. If you only target one age group, the budget can be focused on the remaining target groups, resulting in a higher chance of success. That means our budget won't be reimbursed. There. That 's a crucial step in targeting course enrollment. There. So what do we have here? Each ad group has a different target audience. Each ad group has a different target audience. We have hard targeting , soft targeting, drop-in targeting, and ad groups for automatic targeting . Well, that's up to you, that's up to you. You can also follow this diagram of mine. So, the testing period always lasts a full 7 days for me. The next test is the advertising format test. There are six main forms of advertising. Of the six main forms, the sub-forms depend on your product or service; you must find the most suitable advertising method . Based on my experience, most of us have always focused on interaction. And right now, we have a new trend: running conversion campaigns. Why is running conversion campaigns now more effective? Why is running a simple conversion process? Simply put, for products priced around 300,000 VND where people make decisions based on emotion, running a conversion landing page is more effective and can generate x clones. So, the video sharing about landing page ads, l cloning, conversion methods, and sales strategies – you can watch the video clip on the channel. Basically, in this testing phase, we test the ad format. Based on my experience, we've been running ads for a long time, and we usually focus on engagement first, then conversion, and then sales if it's a cheap product. If it's a high-priced product, we mostly run engagement ads or conversion ads. The essence is that Facebook maximizes revenue for advertisers, so setting up ads is n't difficult, but the important thing is having the right mindset. For example, you could allocate 20% of your budget to engagement ads to get likes, shares, and comments on that post. The more interaction and interest you get, the better. If you run ads, then your budget and bid prices will decrease. This is an advanced technique, so I won't be sharing it in this video. If you're interested in Facebook advertising science or other related fields like Shopee science or Google science, you can contact MDC Academy. What exactly does the MDC academy's training method entail? The content may end, but the session never ends. And when you're busy, you can defer your studies and come back to continue whenever you have free time . We provide the best possible support for you. The way we implement ABTX is by creating multiple campaigns and keeping each ad group and post as a separate ad. So, we just change the value of the element we connect, and leave the rest unchanged, right? There. So, what is that for us to find out? Which form of advertising, which type of advertising, actually produces what? Change is for our betterment. If we can achieve better sales figures, we'll be better off. Remember, achieving the results and sales figures is essentially about getting the number of sales. So, if your product is high-value and needs to be measured and quantified, what can you produce ? You have to measure your value. This is what interaction is all about. The interaction here requires at least two exchanges. For example, people need to send messages on Zalo, send inbox messages, or make phone calls; the computer is the interactive tool that clicks on these things. For example, many people running engagement campaigns ask me, "I'm receiving a lot of engagement, but not many results. However, when that account messages me, and I respond, ask questions, and nurture their interest, they don't reply. 99.9% of the time, those people who are supposed to be engaging need to click on something." Click clone. Therefore, if you can't determine the sales target— that is, the highest goal you need to achieve in terms of effectiveness, not sales figures or the number of items sold—then at least you should calculate the interaction rate, the number of exchanges or purchases, which should be at least two sentences or more. That's for you to measure the effectiveness. As for how effective it is, that depends on each specific campaign. Some campaigns are managed independently, but for others, the effectiveness is measured by the number of orders sold. That means the number of items sold. And for some campaigns, we only consider the effectiveness to be measured by whether customers are interested, right? With many high-value products or products that require extensive customer service and whose results depend heavily on product quality— in other words, on the product's value— our ANC unit certainly cannot calculate based on the conversion value of the number of orders sold. Effectiveness is essentially about the customer's interaction with the company. For example, people interact through inbox messages, phone calls, and text messages. That's exactly the kind of interaction and effectiveness that goes like that. It's impossible to calculate the exact number; depending on the product line, the testing time is definitely 7 days. And the last one is testing the advertising account. As I shared with you at the beginning, Facebook is really strange and funny. Often, we test an advertising account to see if it's working properly, but this method is more suited for agencies than for individual users. Because our AC unit has many accounts, many advertising accounts that we can use to run ads for many different products and industries, we need to test the advertising accounts to see which ones are still effective and generating orders. We can discard or transfer accounts that aren't, but that's something professional companies, organizations, and agencies ca n't go into detail about. I ca n't go into detail from your perspective, whether you're an employee of this company (responsible for advertising) or a business owner/ shop owner running your own ads. You don't need to worry too much about how to test ad accounts. Here's a summary of the AB testing process: The purpose of AB testing is to find the channel, advertising format , and content that best suits our product. The ultimate goal is to achieve the best results, minimize advertising costs, and increase sales. In terms of testing criteria, we should leave the other criteria as they are and only change that one criterion. For example, when you're testing content, what kind of things do you create ? There are many different types of content, and you create a campaign, an ad group, and within that ad group there are many different types of content. I already shared that above. Finding content, identifying potential customers, and finding the right advertising format – we only need to test these three things and we'll be fine. Please remember to give me this. For the AB testing process, we only need to test these three aspects, and that's enough. Test content, test target audience, and test advertising format. So, above I've shared with you how to test AB in Facebook ads. What are the goals and objectives of AB testing? So, let me tell you, AB testing is extremely important in the process of running Facebook ads. It determines the success rate, the win rate, of our advertising campaign. Many people are careless about not performing AB testing before running ads, which often leads to the campaign failing to meet expectations . In terms of digital revenue. It didn't achieve the desired effect. As a result, many people are now saying to themselves, "Oh, Facebook isn't effective anymore." Facebook is like this and like that. But in reality, it's even more effective for Facebook if you think the right way. If you think correctly and have the right approach, you should implement AB testing before starting to run Facebook ads. So what did you find then? This content, this target audience, and this advertising format are all suitable for your product . Depending on the specific product or service, what does it include? Different customer segments require different advertising methods; no two products or services are alike. Of course, if you already have experience deploying this product line and have a similar product line, then I have nothing to say to you. If you're new to selling on Facebook and just starting out in the Facebook Ads environment, you'll definitely need an updating process, and my advice is to allocate a budget for this AB process. So, that's my sharing with you about the process of implementing advertising on Facebook. What difficulties did you encounter while running Facebook ads? You can ask questions in the Facebook group or the Zalo group called Facebook on in. MDC Academy will provide you with completely free support. Additionally, if you find this video interesting and engaging, please give us a like and subscribe to our channel to support us. Continue producing videos that are both engaging and beneficial to the community. I wish you all success. I am Mr. Duong went to the VC academy. Hello and see you again in the next video clip.

- How Facebook Ads ACTUALLY Work (ELI5): Kind: captions Language: en this is how Facebook ads actually works explained like I'm five so this is you and you have a business and one day you're sitting there thinking what if the business that I had right now was bigger you're like I think that would be pretty cool you're left sitting there thinking what are the ways that I could make my business bigger and you have the genius idea of meta ads Facebook ads so you're like all right I'm going to go talk to meta so you have a conversation with meta you explain the big vision of I have this business I want to make it into a bigger business do you think you can help me meta of course obliges and says yes so you take your money and you give it to Meta Meta is very happy they promptly light your money on fire and that's the end just kidding So Meta takes your money and they know that you want to grow your business and that means that you want more people to come check out your business that's a pretty good idea because Facebook meta has over three billion people using it it is the largest platform by far it is the best place to go and find potential customers just by sheer numbers meta has a ton of people a lot of different stick figures over three billion of them So Meta is like all right I have this fresh set of dough and I've got all these people what can we do with this who should I send and meta doesn't know So Meta picks a random group of people out of their giant base of people to send to your site or send to your business now again this is your business So Meta now takes random group of people which it has some guesses they're like okay your business does X these people have liked X in the past we'll start with them so it starts sending people to your business and what do you know some people come out the other end as customers some people buy some people liked your stuff enough they liked the website they liked everything that you were about enough that they bought so what does meta do with that so what meta does is they look at the people that they sent into your business and they write that down they take note of that then they look down here and they see who came out the other end who became customer who liked the things that they had going on and they take note of that as well this process that's going on over here this process of meta watching your business watching your website watching who comes out the other end and ultimately becomes your customer that is the pixel that's your Facebook pixel the all ambiguous and Powerful pixel that's all it's doing it's literally just a stick figure with a sheet of paper writing down who became a customer because when we have that process when it has the ability to see who's on our website and who's actually buying then when meta goes back to its massive database of 3 billion people it has data and now when it's looking at this vast sea of potential customers that it could send our way it knows who to look for and it knows the attributes of our customers and the people that we want to see more of now the process of it identifying and matching up these people this right here this thing that we're summarizing with thumbs up and X's is infinitely complex machine learning learning algorithms and AI that we can't even begin to wrap our minds around even like the top engineers at meta like it's very hush hush like how this whole process happens all we need to know is that basically they take all the data that they have they find more people they find us more stick figures and the reason that we care about this is that then when meta goes back to send more people to our business they're the people that are like our previous customers so then in theory we will get more customers out the bottom because it's sending us better traffic now this only took us a couple of slides to get through but this process takes time this is the optimization period this is the process of Facebook learning who our customers are and then meta comes back to us with a giant stack of money and everything is all happy and good and we are super super rich our business grows and things are great not always the case obviously however that's not because meta is doing a bad job for us majority of the time it is something that is very much in our control something that we are able to prevent and improve over time by making some very specific changes to our business the real reason is because a lot of times we have what's called a leaky funnel our business here is losing customers throughout every step in the process so while meta yes is getting better at sending us the right people it's seeing who is shaking out to the bottom it's doing its best to send us more of those people when we have a leaky funnel it doesn't matter how many of the perfect people meta is putting in the top of the funnel for us if it's a leaky bucket it doesn't matter if we dump a fire hydrant in the top we're still only going to get a handful of people out the bottom this is the process of funnel optimization you want to learn more about this process and the things that we are able to do in order to close those leaks in our funnel then click the link over here and I'm going to take you through our seven fig Shopify sales funnel step by step and show you every page in our funnel and the changes that we make to maximize the number of people that come out the bottom and ultimately become our customers [Music] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @sensible3d406 [8 likes]: Meta is like my boss. He makes a dollar, I make a dime.
  2. @LOQUITO_CRIS [5 likes]: I'm learning face book drop ship this video just explained it pretty easy thanks 🙏
  3. @motorcyte8227 [2 likes]: Not accurate. This video fits your purpose to send people to your course, but it's misleading to say the issue is "leaky" funnel. There's a myriad of reasons why a campaign might not work as intended. Simply sleazy, used-railroad wagon sales man tactics on your end :-(
  4. @ShortsVideosASMR [2 likes]: Google has 5 billion reach
  5. @Bebevegetto [1 likes]: If you don't initially have your pixel set up, does it continuously show the  same people the same ads?
  6. @user-kf7sp1hm7c [1 likes]: Hey, thanks ! So it’s normal that at first, not a lot of people visits our website ? They are basically building the data ? How long does this period lasts ?
  7. @prayersponytails6227 [1 likes]: “That’s all folks!” 😂
  8. @yotitus: You're not actually explaining anything? Nothing you say is concrete.
  9. @GracefulAcresHorsemanship: Thank you
  10. @brickbear6296: why didn't you mention the "auction" feature of the meta process? also, why does your video look like ai?
  11. @SantaClausEdmonton: I’m really interested in your service.
It used to be very easy for me to get customers through Facebook Marketplace. Now that Facebook has restricted Marketplace access, I’ve had to switch to paid advertising.
I’ve spent over $1,000 on Facebook ads and haven’t received a single call. Most of the responses I get are from people who are frustrated because Facebook forces them to click the call button
  12. @Faithlema1: Thanks so much for sharing 🎉
  13. @Mrhookes: I think i love Meta 😅😅😅
  14. @cinidtv6384: Actually no, YouTube has more than 3 billion
  15. @Angel-r2x6s: basically give me money and ill show you, waste of time crodie
  16. @ReneeThomas-d5c: It was very interesting
  17. @Truecrimetv23: The way you explained that was legendary !!!
  18. @ShortsVideosASMR: You have said nothing. I spent over usd1000 with then and they sent me a lot of reach but not a single buyer.
  19. @cashwaller8258: Hey would someone be interested in partnering on a marketing campaign we could make $100k this month profit, let me know i need someone to run the ad
  20. @sensible3d406: Starting to think Meta has become the worst place to market now.

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- Should I Hire a Facebook Ads Consultant?: Kind: captions Language: en should you hire a Facebook Ads consultant or should you run your Facebook campaigns yourself so this week I was at the Facebook marketing meetup in Brisbane and someone put their hand up and asked a really good question it was should I hire a face together consultant or should I do the ads myself and that's a really tricky question to answer when you're a fight Facebook Ads consultant which I am because obviously I'd love you to hire someone like me to do the work but there are different types of people who are looking at running Facebook ads and it may not be the best option for you so in today's video I want to show you exactly when it might be a good time for you to hire a consultant and when it might not be so I think there's two types of people there's people who want to do it themselves and people who just don't want to do anything themselves because they're too busy or their business is too large or they've got other areas of the business that need focus and so you're either one of those two camps so if you want to do it yourself the pros of doing that is that you have the knowledge in-house so whether you're a one-person business or you're a marketing team and you have someone in the house that you want to run those campaigns doing yourself gives you that advantage and that's that's really good because then you can do very agile one of the negatives though of doing it yourself is that there's a learning curve and the learning curve is pretty steep so it might take anywhere from 6 to 12 months to really get good at Facebook Ads and really find the right strategy for your business because there's so many moving parts and Facebook is always changing but when you do get it right obviously you have those in-house capabilities but that ramp up can be really tricky for you and your business because at times people give up because they don't get the results in the say well Facebook's the problem well the reality is Facebook is amazing platform and it takes time to learn now if you're going to learn facebook the best way to learn is from someone who's done it before and someone who is a good teacher as well because just because you can do it doesn't mean you can teach it and so there's lots of online courses going I know there is and you want to find someone that has credibility in actually executing on a regular basis but also being able to teach as well now if you hire an agency to do it or a consultant like myself then there's a problem Kahn as well and the con is this that you don't own it and so here our marketing team within a company you may want to learn that process yourself but you're still going to have to go through that journey you're still going to have to learn but once you do learn you own it and then you can be very agile the pros o of using like insulting Facebook Ads is that they can ramp up very quickly so if you need results today you know the ramp up is not going to be six to twelve months to really nail it it's going to be probably less than three months and the other reason I can do that is because a facebook ask yourself a good one that is who has lots of experience has had experience in many different industries on many different campaigns they've seen a lot more on the platform go well and go wrong that you will ever see and when they look at your business in your specific challenge in your business I can guarantee you but they will come up with a solution in a fast much faster than what you could do it that will have better experience with testing they'll have better experience of targeting w have better experience with creating the perfect Facebook ad and the lead there's so many different moving components and parts that consultant if they are good will definitely be able to get you up to speed much much quicker now there is a cave yet to all of it and that is you need a great Facebook Ads consultant now I must say in the industry nowadays there's a lot of people doing it who just don't have the experience and so you need to be very careful when you choose a consultant that they not only have the experience but they also have the ability to do it in your space and so that's a whole nother video that I probably need to create but today's just about the pros and cons and so they are the pros and cons of doing yourself or hiring a consultant so did you like this video because if you did you can get a lot more just like this go to my YouTube channel and subscribe or go to my Facebook page and like the page and I release a new video on Facebook ad strategy every single day so hopefully you'll have a great day and hopefully we'll see you tomorrow same time same place you

  Top Comments:
  1. @andigarcia8328: Where can I contact you Marlon?

- 9 Benefits of Meta ads | Facebook Ad Manager & Consultant: Kind: captions Language: en here are the nine benefits of meta ads number one Big Rich you can advertise your product or service to a really big audience number two targeted audience meta targeting option allow your brand to reach the right people number three cost effective whatever budget you have big or small you can advertise on meta number four measurable results meta has good analytics and you can track the result of your campaigns number five brand awareness increase visibility and recognition of your business number six engagement encourage interactions and feedback from users from your ad or post number seven mobile accessibility ads can reach users on mobile devices number eight retargeting reconnect with users who have shown interest number nine AB testing run experiments or test to your adets and ads and see what are winners let me know in the comment did you find this video useful do you have any questions on meta ads follow to learn more on meta ad that's

- Learn Paid Ads in 30 Minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en I want to talk about the secrets of scaling paid ads no matter what business level you're at biggest obstacle is just throw ads going down you spend more money 10 million ads very low trust and that's it so I said a bunch of businesses at different sizes ask me questions about their paid ads and I'm going to do my very best to answer them so from you know $10 million a year all the way down to $600,000 a year in terms of size some people are trying to start running paid ads some people are trying to expand or scale their ads and are running into particular issues 650 Dental recruiting how do I start marketing so you currently run ads for job boards where you at raise your hand there you go so you run ads on job board so you already know how to run ads all right this is me trying to break a belief for you so you're already do it you're just doing it on another platform all right so you're doing it in order to get dentists but you're also trying to attract dentists who have clinics I don't think it's you just happen to be on job boards but fundamentally um you can run the I mean dentists are also on meta same thing uh they're probably older more boring I said that with love to dentists uh so I would look yeah Instagram Facebook will probably do really really well for you and just saying hey I have a like tired of taking all these calls yourself like talk to the pain point of that dentist so it's like they don't want to work weekends they don't want to work early hours they don't want to take cases they don't want to take well or they don't want to um they want to eventually retire someday but they don't want to let down all their patients and they don't want to sell us in private Equity because they're going to force them to work for 5 years in servitude and control their lives so these are the pain points right um bless cousins a dentist that's fresh on my mind uh and so these are all the pains that's my hook for the ads and then targeting take your customer list make it look like audience off that list if dentist is in the copy dentist is in the video the AI on Facebook will also notice Ser it to dentist and it'll be pretty straightforward Bingo all right uh 600k acupuncture start okay so if you want to run so this is local right okay so the nice thing is that local business businesses are the easiest business to run ads for okay because trust is Skyhigh and you're like oh they're they don't trust me like try and sell Beauty to you know people on the Internet it's much harder um so all you need to do is run Legion ads so I'm going to give you the simplest strategy for getting this are you guys technically proficient you are okay fantastic I was going to assume you weren't and give you an even easier way um but all you want to do is you can just run lead ads okay for some sort of free thing and you're like I want really high quality people well welcome to cold traffic so uh they won't be but what you will need to create is a sales process that creates qualified customers all right and so when I say creates it's really just filters for good ones just think about it like that it's just like I'm adding filters uh and the more filters you add the more expensive the leads will be if they're good filters and if they're more expensive they'll be good if they're good filters if you add bad filters they'll be more expensive but they won't be better so if I make it really hard for my page to load it adds friction but it's not good friction if I add a vsl so video sales letter to a page it'll create friction but it'll be good friction so I'll increase the quality of the lead by doing that and so with a local business you're going to want to have like in larger National companies this is where brand adding the building trust adding Value First matters in local it matters significantly less it is very offer driven on a local basis because people know what acupuncture is so you can say free thing or $19 thing since you probably your time costs a little bit more than maybe a low skilled labor uh job I'd probably go for the to $999 thing maybe somewhere in there if I had to Bet 19 to 29 would be where I'd start and what you do is you sell people on that they opt in for it thank you page they can purchase it you still call all the leads yourself you close them on the $19 thing to get a card on file when you schedule you'll confirm that appointment and that that card's attached to that person and so then you'll do the treatment that you're going to do and then you're going to sell them the plan afterwards okay now now my preference here would be that you sell before you treat if that doesn't work out for you you can treat first I just prefer to have someone in pain sell them the much longer thing that's going to permanently solve it give them short-term relief afterwards and set their next visit and then on the like when you do your actual sales appointment the nice thing is you already have the card and so you can say awesome so this is this do you want to use the card you have on file great and that's the sale does that make sense okay that's the acupuncture process all right 3 million CrossFit coach business coach uh brand conscious so you guys are doing what kind of cont you guys making oh podcast is the the only thing okay so you guys are doing podcasts and that's it we some longer cont okay got it okay um the business started from the podcast the podcast was first yeah understood uni personalities yeah are you guys um barbell uh Shrugged he was that was yours okay got it yeah yeah okay okay I hear you um I never had a name to a face but I knew the podcast okay so where would I start okay first thing I would do same thing earlier is I would do a retargeting campaign across all platforms and the nice thing is that platforms are not super hard to figure out they're made zillions of dollars to make them easy to click if you already have traffic so you install a pixel for each of the platforms on your page you'll start collecting data from every single visit that's already coming from your podcast you can start retargeting so that's layer one you should probably also earn your PPC terms it'll immediately make money like there's no PPC campaign for your own terms that doesn't make money I haven't seen it ever happen my entire life um so that's number one and two so own your own terms do the retargeting um third thing is you have to come up with something that's really Banger and like super super valuable that you can give away for free um like you've seen my stuff so the the money models books the um the the framework the 11 Frameworks for profitable gyms all that stuff so really put time into it because I think people really skimp on this and that's why people opt in they see it they're like oh this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why would I continue to book with this person right and so they opt in thank you page schedule it still works now the thing is is that you guys do have a brand if you're worried about being brand conscious all you do is just be true to you in the ads and my recommendation is let your clients talk so just let proof do the talking that's how I would approach it um when I look at all the ads that we've done over the years like I said earlier 80% of them are about proof and so as much as we want to think it's all about us like no one cares like Alex had the big gym I still do right the big gym company one I'm not in the ads anymore at all and I wasn't for the last two years and it was because we just focused on the customers because gym owners don't really care about me I mean they care about making money and they're like I'm glad he helped but really they just want to make more and see other people like them that they can say oh this is a good approximation of my gym and so the idea there is you want to create the most compelling proof as possible which is the type of proof would that would be the least likely to be faked so on this extreme you'd have a faceless Anonymous 10-year outdated text based testimonial on this extreme I would have someone walk up on stage who looks just like you owns a CrossFit uh business coaching business and says Alex help me go from 3 million to 30 million you'd be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'd be like cool so you'd be like that's a really good approximation really hard to Juke right here live in front of me not recorded in person specific to me and so that's kind of the Continuum when you're showing proof and every approx every every takeaway it's like okay iners is better than um than virtual uh live is better than recorded uh like me is better than doesn't look like me uh the result that I want is better than a result that's close to what I want and so you just look at all of the factors that make something super compelling and when you're looking at your proof kind of think through it that checklist and that'll make more compelling proofs that make more compelling ads that you only lose trust in the marketplace when you say something that isn't true and if you're not saying it and it's their fact of life how can anyone fault you yep 800k vacation rentals B2B so you're trying to get people who have uh properties to list with you so that you can make more money with their properties for them okay so this will be really really easy to advertise because your fundament so do you want people who already okay you don't want the extra room people you want the people who have properties that are being mismanaged we target homeowners who have a secondary home that they only use a couple weeks okay and don't do anything in the meantime exactly okay so um I would start with so my so one I would probably still use meta as my first bet just because the targeting there is going to be easier to figure out um the ads themselves are going to be the same thing lead with pain like I was saying with the dentist is what is the pain of that person which is do you feel like you're wasting money money by having your house sit empty every year as or every month as you keep paying your mortgage on something that doesn't get you a return right it'd be something to that degree you would know the pain better than me but that's what I would imagine the pain would look like um and so what I would then do is I would send probably five case studies of different representative houses and different representative avatars so kind of the point I was making there with the CrossFit gym owners is that in the thing that I want to send is like we're going to give you an estimate in the meantime I'm going to show you 10 representative types of homes that you can probably find one that's close to yours so you can have some reasonable expectation of what you could potentially earn switching to shortterm in the meantime and at the bottom I have the commonly asked questions which is are these people going to trash my place what are you know what's my security going to look like uh how what if they don't leave uh cleaning blah blah blah like all the questions that are going to be there and I answered that in the bottom there because we already solved this we do this with this many homes proof um and so we've been doing this for this long more proove and so if you'd like we can give you an estimation of what we think based on your neighborhood your zip code and we can personalize our process to you great okay that's the ad uh and the case study that you give them so free download thank you page scheduler very simple if you want you can add an application if you get too many app if you get too many opt-ins that aren't qualified you can add more friction so just for everyone it's like what's the perfect funnel if you get too many that are bad add friction if you don't get enough remove friction and if you have almost no friction and there's still bad leads the targeting is off okay uh 2 million Beauty 4.6 Riz meta okay you guys are in Columbia you're shutting down the other two countries that aren't working as well you're set you're 30 the 30% you're at 4.6 why aren't you scaling is the question so the question like what is the actual question here we really want to scale like five the next the revenue okay and we want to increase our o okay so how would you like uh plan the strategy to do that we're currently making like 100% only in meta ads great maybe Test new creatives new platforms but how would you the strategy the team to do that the content creation MH because that's like a new level that we're not yeah so two ways that you can scale the row at so one is spend more obviously so I'm not even including that but in terms of improving your row as itself it means you either have to drive down CAC or increase uh LTV right or average average car value so in terms of driving now CAC what I would do is I would look at the top you probably run a th000 ads over the last year look at the top 10% or 5% of ads look at the first 3 seconds of each of those ads and see if you can model those three seconds with all of the remaining ads that you have you can even slice that first three seconds off of the best winners and past it on to another 100 plus ads so that'll get you 10 50 times more ad creative per good winner that you get so you can squeeze more out of it so that's from the creative strategy to drive down ad cost from the uh LTV perspective um are you guys selling are you guys selling subscriptions or you just selling we sell like devices and also Cosmetics so we have an IPL remal device we have led mask we have led like devices uh we also you sell bundles compl there are Cosmetics to those devices okay and you sell so you sell the devices and then the recurring goal is that people buy the uh order devices because those are almost like a one time purchase only yeah that's what I'm saying so they one time purchase on the devices but the uh gels or lotions and Potions go to on a recurring basis right I mean that's not our main focus because they like low ticket yeah I got you the nice thing is that when it's low ticket when someone buys a high ticket the likel they buy the low ticket thing if you bundle it up is pretty high so if someone buys $1,000 I know what's the cost like $80 that a high ticket for that's fine okay so if you have an $80 thing then you could still sell a $40 annual for 12 packs of the creams or whatever that go with it you just need to sell a whole bundle of that because think about it from the consumer if I'm buying it's because I believe that I'm going to do this and if I am going to do it then I might as well get the savings on the stuff that goes with it like if I buy a printer and someone says Hey buy a Year's worth of Inc and you in the m in the moment you're like well I am going to print stuff that's why I'm buying it then and not everyone's going to take it but if 30% of people take it you add 12 bucks to your to your uh ACV and right there you've got whatever that is 15% um that you add so that's one thing um in ter do you have payment plans and financing set up uh yeah okay so that's good um the big thing with I mean I would still I would lean harder on that thing that I'm talking about with the the CP like think about the other think about the other things that someone who purchases this uh machine is going to want to buy and still offer it like there's no point and then just think about doing it in bundles rather than one-offs because one-offs aren't going to make a difference but bundling for the the year will'll multiply this with any of those small knickknacks buy a lot so you might even be able to double for like the max cart might be able to you know double how much someone spends um and you'll feel those pops so I think between those two things but I think as a quick word of advice um you guys are in the beauty director consumer business you are a marketing company and so doubling down on Creative as a discipline is what's going to separate you from like if you want to get to 20 million a year it's going to be you doing 10 times or 50 times more cre cretive in terms of what you're putting out for output and so that means being having a better system for both capturing ugc and then repurposing ugc and so for us for context we spend 80% of our resources taking winners and just reskinning them 80% and so you're getting all these new ads but the the real money is okay I have this one winner and um I had I'll give you a story I had an ad that we called the kale ad so kale is our our GM right and he made this ad before he was the GM and it was this beautiful this perfect testimonial and he couldn't have planned it any better he had like the gym behind him he had his wife with him he was like we were two months from shutting our doors you can see the gym full he's like and within four months it was completely full 18 months I had it you know six months I had it completely outsourced by 18 months I sold the whole gym and I was losing money and I was working a full-time job just to pay the bills at the gym and you know this many months later it was all great right now when we had that ad I made about a hundred versions of that ad so I made a black and white version I did a sepia filter version I reordered the back end um we swapped out hooks I put different headlines I put different subheads I changed the fonts I did I ran it with different ad copy I will use and abuse it until it doesn't work at all and so when you have your winners you usually just need to run them way longer way harder in a lot of different variations so you can squeeze way more out of it feel good cool all right uh 1.8 Private Practice okay so the question what was the question on this you want to scale it oh the the lead ma okay yes so right now you've ran your ads to application so opt-in application and that didn't work and then you go freebies to book a call and that's not working because your call team sucks we running freebie to get people inside Facebook group okay and then having a trying to set the calls from the group okay we're have a lot of capacity for the to set more calls to more sales so we wanted to do something that was more directly to book callip the process sure time so it works it's just expensive um okay so I'll give you what I know from group funnels that run on school all the time and so there's four conversion processes from a group so one is that you add a free onboarding call to the free group so every single person that gets added to the group gets an odd Morning Call as a bonus for joining the group on the odd morning call you then clarify where they there label no problem over their past experiences oh I think you might be a good fit can I tell you about it Grant okay cool then you sell them into the into the other thing um the second way is that you put uh five video series inside of the group that functions as a vssl but just broken up and so you introduce the opportunity your core Story the big idea and then you do three stories which are going to be their biggest belief breaking points so big issue one big issue two big issue three which is typically Universe other people in self and break down all three of those and then on the end you'll make your call to action which is the fifth video which is a little bit of Stack a little bit of Sizzle and you make the CTA the third one is that inside of that group you'll do a weekly webinar where you provide value for the majority of the webinar and you soft toss the CTA your sales guys and sets are on that webinar anybody who chats in there they can pull off if somebody's like oh man I got this question oh that was so valuable they immediately DM them and pull them off the call and then they can set them right there the fourth way is that anybody who engages on recordings or posts inside the group grou likes comments or makes a post the DM Setters go in and then set the call so it's four different ways that you can set from the group and if you're driving all your traffic there and it is working you just probably need to train your Setters better and maybe have more of them yep all right uh 1.2 million VA so you want to start running ads for your VA business to get business owners yes sir okay what type of va so it's a virtual assistant either primary secondary United States we can do estimates credit cards calls for service based companies estim so like Home Services okay so you're looking for service business owners like ruing right to hire vas to do some of the leg work for their team okay so the good news is that Home Services is pretty easy to Target um with ads I would probably also start on meta there um just cuz meta targeting really is probably the easiest Tik Tok is pretty good targeting too it's getting much much much better but I would start with meta so Facebook and Instagram um and again the the funnels here are just really valuable thing for how many how many clients do you have okay you have 70 clients and so what I would want to do is show how much money they save and how much more profit they make per roofer and I would just literally explain it a lot of people won't know so be like the average roofer or the average home service person who has Tradesmen who are going out are spending this much per hour to have the person do that do estimates do card checks do whatever the three main things that you do and that means that per person it's costing you $25,000 a year in labor all right now the thing is is that for $500 a month we can replace this so take 25,000 and instead pay six per year so you get the spread you get $199,000 back per person and so if You' like to see how we can help you implement this we will guarantee this result um and by day 90 if you haven't made at least five times the money that we've done we'll give you the rest of the year of the vas for free that would be my offer the actual creative would be you breaking down the process and what you want to do is have some sort of visual proof that's like this is what JN did and JN made this much you know saved this much money here's Stu and Stu saved this much and just say the size of the business so he's doing about $10 million a year he's got 20 guys and this is what he was able to save so if these numbers sound at least interesting to you we'd be happy to hop on a call if you have a two call close you can say you can leave your credit card home it's just to make sure it's a fit for us as much as it fit for you we only take roofers above a certain size so if you are smaller don't worry we'll send you with some resources that can help you out for free but if you are above a size we might be able to help you out and either way it would be another call for us to close so you can relax it's not a sales call cool so add with that kind of copy and messaging and then freebie thing that will also be a longer version of that with maybe some writing that gives some graphs and some visuals or whatever and then you can have the thank you page scheduler uh for them to book a call still outbound dial all the people you have some vas I'm sure they can do that call all the leads that opt in no matter what and the nice thing with that is that if your vas are good then they can be like I'm a VA I could be doing this for you that would be my script okay yep do you have an email list yeah so if you have an email list of over a thousand I'm assume you do um you can take that list and then put a look like audience and start there as you're targeting cuz that be the issue for you in the beginning yep and make that the headline like home service providers okay uh 1.2 million in solar what now 7 plus row as things are working I'm going to tell you where are you I'm going to tell you to spend more all right so what's the problem expanding like do I continue creating and tting ads or 8020 % the budget testing 80% yeah so Google already really experimented with this so the the technical one is the better one is 70210 so 70% is doing the main thing so just the one ad that you have 20% is adjacent to that so as many different ways as you can think of you know versions of it that's not that at so everything that I see as permutations of that I see as the 70 adjacent to that similar in style is the 20 10 is just wild ass ideas of maybe this would would work and so that's how you allocate resources and I'm being super real so if you spend a whole day making ads so you spend eight hours that means you're going to do 1 hour 45 minutes on your one idea and then you're going to spend two plus hours on adjacent ideas and then the entire rest of the day is on how many different ways can I make the same ad per and that's how you allocate time it's the same way we allocate time when we make ads we look up all the top winners we start with all those we hammer out all that stuff because that's our real work that's the bread and butter then we move one that way I said it in reverse in terms of order for the day but fundamentally I want to get the 70 done first the 20 done second and if I've got time and I'm feeling energy I'll do the third all right so $1.2 million in Assisted Living Facebook and YouTube they're getting 20 to1 row as the thing that you guys should do is spend more money because you have eight spots left in your assisted living and you're getting 20 to1 and you should be okay with doing that as long as you have capacity if you know what your rate of filling people up is then you can dial the spend so that you can keep it so it's smooth now if you're losing money every month that those things aren't full then I would crank it and then turn it off if you want the weight list thing I would know that I only need three people or four people on the weit list that they have to pay in order to be on the weit list otherwise it's not a weit list it's just like telling someone to go away and then assuming they're going to you know care about you when they when you call back even though they've already solved the problem uh because they're probably in a market and want to you move within a certain number of months CU someone's in pain when I say pain it's a pain in the ass to deal with somebody who's you know you're trying to put into that and so that is what I would do if I were in your particular situation and I would go get investors so you can open up more locations faster check all right ding ding ding all right so $10 million Executive Health the running YouTube ads are getting 10 to one these guys are spending $1,000 a month to make $10,000 back even though they're doing a million-ish a month on their main business so that means 1% of their revenue comes from their YouTube ads and the question is how do we scale the main problem is compliance and so they're in a health space and so a lot of the issues in health sometimes wealth even relationship stuff is the claims that you make and being able to support them and so number one is there are firms that specialize in compliance Audits and so I go like if we have an issue like one of our it happens all the time right ads get shut down because there's all these different automated things even if you're doing nothing wrong so you go to these firms and usually just ask them what their approval rating is uh post compliance usually it's 90% Plus for the good ones it doesn't cost that much it's like five or six grand and they'll go through the audit all the sites the audit all the the videos and collateral that you use so that then you can resubmit and they usually have some sort of in internal Google kind of back door where they say hey we will make sure these people are compliant they relationship with Google and uh they can make sure that you get pushed through so usually un as long as you're not doing anything completely racy which I'm guessing you're not um you should be fine great $10 million Roofing PPC so you want to expand so you're spending $30,000 a month which row as 71 okay 71 row as $10 million a month Roofing doing PPC wants to expand and you're in a local market okay so if you're trying to expand there first campaign I would run would be a retargeting across all platforms so I would be retargeting on gdn so Google Display Network I'd be retargeting on Instagram i' retar on Facebook um I'd be retargeting on YouTube anyone who's done a site visit that'll be the first and easiest Riz that you can get because you've already paid for it so consider that like the shadow funnel which is whenever you blow traffic through anything you should always have Global retargeting across all platforms because then you can scoop up everything else and it almost always is positive roas so number one um number two if I had to pick another um platform I would actually do meta um because obviously PPC have super high intent so the lead quality is going be lower on meta because it's Interruption based marketing rather than tent based marketing um because people aren't looking for it when they're scrolling on Facebook but a lot of older people are on meta so Facebook especially but Instagram too Instagram's got the whole the whole gamut right and so people who have roofs uh to fix and so I actually think it'll be fine that Facebook's aging up a little bit for you to run ads there and since the average ticket's so high in Roofing um you'll probably good in terms of the funnel um typically like free audits or some sort of free thing is good enough um and you can talk to them about savings that they're going to make if they fix the roof uh in terms of heating cooling all the other Jazz that you guys do um and you can basically do that for free you can send someone out you can do it virtually and then probably two call close so set close after the freebie freebie is the first page call thing is the second page call all people who opt in for the freebie to confirm the call that they did and if they didn't book set the call and then close on the call that's actually booked so if they book for Wednesday call them anyway today confirm qualify if you don't have time to set it well you will have time cuz you're setting it set it and then close on the appointment on Wednesday so it can speed up the sales cycle great real estate long-term rentals investment interesting stuff um so rowes is down trust is down unsurprising um and so the question that you have is how do you increase Ro and build trust for this client so um there's two ways that I can think of so one is making content long term is what adds is what grows the organic audience it's what allows a lot of people here to even have the business they have and you'd be surprised it is slower but over time it does compound and it becomes a pretty big stream and if you know how to run ads and you can make content that's what makes you a weapon because it's like it's crazy when you can do both second thing um focus more on proof not on promise everyone makes promises very people have proof so proof so if you think about this this is a little little sound bite for you your promise is not unique your proof is everyone in the marketplace promises the same thing the question is whether they can back it up and that is unique to you and so if you want to have a more unique place in the mark in the market have more proof not a different promise fundamentally like all gym owners want to make more money most business owners want to make more money or they want to save time or they want to save headache or whatever it is like the promises aren't going to be that different the thing that will differentiate you will be the mechanism how believable it is which will be a function of the proof and the the way that you're describing it if you're like oh we have this brand new personal training model where you do six personal training sessions up front and then you get them into this and look at the economics behind it people stay way longer it's like oh that's a unique mechanism and it's like okay that sounds like it's different than what I did but how do I know it works cool here's a hundred stories of people who were in your exact position that made it work right so proof is going to be the main thing now the other way that you can build trust um beyond the proof is you I think group funnels right now work really really well I I think that they're going to I mean the reason I invest in school because I think that um but group funnels are like routinely getting people from like $250 calls to like $40 calls and I'm seeing this like over and over again across Industries and so the way that these funnels work I already talked about the conversion mechanisms earlier but you use the free group as a lead magnet so that becomes the lead magnet and the nice thing is that it it functions basically like an email list with long-term nurture but it's way more engaging than an email list is um and so people who use the group funnels uh right now just to give you a metric to this also for you for the groups it's 10% so the guys who do do a good job convert 10% of people who opt in uh to the group into their their next level thing and so most people are able to close 30 to 50% of calls they get on and so you can Target getting on call with onethird of the people who opt in for the group and closing between 30 and 50% so if you get on call with 30% and you close a third you get 10% of the group depending obviously there's some Flex on skill there um but that's kind of just some benchmarks that you can that you can look at but those the three things so add more proof make more content consider a group funnel boom all [Applause] right thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [9 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap-yt-d
Business owners: Want to scale faster? We provide in-person advisory for companies doing at least $1M per year: https://www.acquisition.com/workshop-yt-d
  2. @ScaleBiz-bj2bu [3 likes]: Paid Ads tutorial playlist updated
  3. @Daddy_chebz [1 likes]: Hormozi knows ball
  4. @UgwaEkene [1 likes]: Thanks a lot boss 🙌
  5. @jessiebermudez249: This is exactly what I was looking for WOW
  6. @DixonThwaite-r9h: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  7. @marketingagentio: Good overview for getting oriented. The piece that's shifted most since this framework: budget allocation. The old 70/20/10 testing split doesn't hold when Advantage+ campaigns can find your audience faster than manual ad sets. Today we're running more like 85% scale / 15% creative testing, with the testing pool cycling weekly rather than by campaign.
  8. @JoshuaMathisHowell: Watching this for my 999 time
  9. @xavierjohnson8206: You skipped the roofing.
  10. @mehmetçoban-o8y: ads-pulse is great ads tracking solution
  11. @SYNETHIX: thank you very much
  12. @SYNETHIX: good
  13. @razzendahcuben: I cannot say that I learned paid ads in 30 minutes. About 10 minutes in you realize he's just addressing case studies in his audience. Which is fine, but not what the title implies.
  14. @JenniferoaXfkira: Good video!!!!
  15. @aktivni_dnes: Priceless. Had to watch it on 0.75 speed tho
  16. @JavierCastillo-do9ll: Does anyone have idea on how to solve this problem. I’ve helped businesses generate leads and help them on how to close them. But obviously there comes the hidden cost that work load increase for the business, but it seems business owners doesn’t want to have the “problem” of having more leads. How do you handle this objection?
  17. @danduccik: run paid ads is same as chasing girls for young man to get their attention...i think 2026-2030 u obligated to grow organically, so "girls" AKA "clients" will be interested in your personality and brand, not ads they forget tomorrow
  18. @StevenPadernacht: Alex, can you make a video on how to create a grand slam offer and run paid ads for a Realtor?
  19. @scrubsnclubs: Hormozi The Genie🧞‍♂️
  20. @Sharkpreneurs: This value of this video is UNREAL!

- Facebook Ad MISTAKES That DESTROY Your Results!: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not getting the results you want with your facebook ads and even making just one of the mistakes i'm going to talk about in this video could be the reason why i've seen hundreds of facebook advertisers make these mistakes even the experienced ones but the good news is that fixing them could take you from this to this a lot of these mistakes are easier to fix than you might think including the first one mistake number one giving up too early the facebook ad platform is masterful at using data with thousands of data points on every facebook and instagram user it can work out who to advertise to how often even what time of day which means you get better results the more you advertise on facebook and the more data you generate in your ad account a lot of facebook advertisers quit just before their ad account matures to the point where it can deliver fantastic results for them just missing out like that is particularly painful to see also you have to remember that facebook ads is a skill like anything else it takes time to develop that skill you wouldn't start playing tennis today enter into a tournament this weekend not win any matches at that tournament and then declare that tennis doesn't work that would be ridiculous so don't do the same thing with facebook ads in short the greatest rewards come to those who stick it out mistake number two not copying your competition this one might be a bit of a surprise but honestly the easiest way to succeed with facebook ads is to find someone else in your industry that is generating great results and model from what they're doing particularly when you're getting started here's how you do that open up the free facebook ad library tool select the appropriate location and then choose all ads from the ad category menu then enter the name of one of your competitors into the search field i'm going to use digital marketer as an example this is a company that produces fantastic ad campaigns here you can see exactly how many ads they're running in that location and exactly what those ads look like you may have to try this with a few different competitors to find ones that are currently running ads but that's fine going through this process is certainly worth it to find ads that are performing well scroll down to ads that were launched at least six months ago ideally 12 plus months ago because if one of your competitors has been running the same ad for six months or 12 months or longer that ad must be delivering great results for them otherwise they just wouldn't keep running it find an ad that you like the look of and then click see add details here you can see it all what they are offering in the ad the ad creative the primary text the headlines the call to action button everything you can even click on the call to action button and be taken through to your competitors landing page then you can simply model from what your competitors have done and create your own ads but before you jump on that i need to warn you about mistake number three mistake number three only copying your competition it might sound like i'm contradicting myself here but i'm not you absolutely want to model from what your competitors are doing using the facebook ad live but if you want the best possible results at some point you need to take one step further and stand out from the crowd the easiest way to do that is to head back into facebook ad library and search for what people are doing in industries that are similar to yours try and find an ad creative type or an offer that looks like it's working well for them but isn't being used in your industry yet for example if no one is offering a monthly product subscription in your industry but they are in similar industries that could be a fantastic competitive advantage mistake number four low add to landing page congruity if your facebook ads and landing pages don't have a similar look and feel you're in trouble your prospects will hit the back button if they feel like they haven't landed in the right place and that's disastrous for a number of reasons firstly those people obviously won't convert and you'll have wasted money advertising to them but even more importantly when people hit the back button that's a signal to facebook that your ads are below average quality and that's a big problem because facebook will charge you more to advertise if facebook and instagram users aren't responding well to your apps fortunately this one is easy to fix using the same color scheme in your ads in your landing pages or using some of the same images or headlines usually does the trick mistake number five sticking with one ad format look we've all been there you find an ad format that works and you stick with it and that can work for a while but by limiting yourself to just image ads or just carousel ads you're missing out on a big opportunity the best results undoubtedly come from running a mix of ad formats simultaneously here's why you know how they say different people learn things differently some learn visually others through listening it's the same with facebook ads some people are much more likely to engage with a carousel ad for others a video ad is more likely to grab their attention ideally your ad sets are going to have image ads video ads carousel ads slideshow ads etc all running at the same time it's extra effort but it's worth it mistake number six ignoring ad frequency have you ever seen an ad so often that you get sick of it my advice is to not be that advertiser you don't want to subject your audience to that if you do your results are going to drop off very quickly facebook makes it really easy to avoid this mistake as well in your ad account select the delivery column preset then take a look at the frequency column frequency is the average number of times that someone within your audience has seen your ads a general rule is to make sure your frequency number doesn't go above 2.5 when you're targeting cold audiences this will of course vary depending on your industry and how interesting your ad creative is so my recommendation is to introduce new ads into your campaign when your ads reach the 2 to 2.5 frequency market that helps keep things fresh mistake number seven not sitting still this mistake is one of the easiest to make but it has such a detrimental impact on your results facebook ad campaigns perform best when they are stable when you first launch a campaign or ad set you'll see it go into the learning phase during the learning phase facebook is trying to work out how to best deliver your ads to get you the best possible results things like who to advertise to what time of day how often even which placement option are all being tested if you are constantly tweaking things and making adjustments to your ad campaigns facebook can't optimize properly and you won't get out of the learning phase of course you will need to adjust your facebook ad campaigns for all sorts of reasons but patience is key here it's best to not make changes more often than once every seven days mistake number eight advertising blind nothing you do on facebook will matter if you can't track your results not only do you need to be able to see what return on ad spend you're generating you also need to be able to see which ads targeting options etc are delivering the best results so that you can make adjustments and optimize your campaigns you need to start by setting up and installing the facebook pixel but in a post ios 14 world tracking results is more difficult and just installing the facebook pixel is not enough you also need to take a couple of extra steps such as verifying your domain and configuring your web events in aggregated event measurement now i know that might sound super complicated but i make it really easy for you and show you exactly how to set it all up step by step here it is well worth taking a bit of time to make sure you've got your tracking set up properly by doing so you'll already be ahead of 90 of your competition

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @rowaqif7520: Master, please activate voice switching to Indonesian. I want to learn Facebook Ads with you. Thank you.
  3. @gufranshaikh7339: Super helpful, one question- can i run 1 CBO and one cost cap with couple different bids as my structure there wont an audience overlap right?
  4. @jinkazama2555: So freakin good
  5. @marketingfastlanes: Learn from the competition but don't copy
keep the feel of landing page and ad copy similar
Sit still and don't make changes too early when the campaign is learning
  6. @tfcdemigod1415: Amazing Video and Learned a lot from it.
  7. @bigk8294: Don't ever assume because a competitor runs add for long time that means it working. I have done close to 200 forensic looks at META campaigns and in all but one case the waste was between 20% - 80% so following sometimes is not a good idea. You want to test an ad that looks like there's fine, but don't assume it works. The idea on looking at adjacent industries is a best practice for sure.
  8. @rajudesai3069: Okay
  9. @salido8587: Is it okay to turn off/on ads? Does it affect the learning phase? If I turn them back on, will they have to go through the learning phase again?
  10. @ericosoriano: Hi ben, Im sticking to only image add , and its Currently Drop sales fast .. Its learning limited i think , maybe i will do Image add, Vid add, is it okay ? thank you hope you notice me..Godbless
  11. @zeplichal: Your Content is amazing!
  12. @jhonsanchezv: The 6 mistake is high frequency and the advice in not to go above 2.5 in frequency. But 2.5 per day? per week? every 10 days?
  13. @gauravnyahoo6736: Which campaign to use instead of ' Whatsapp message in previous version?' ( Engagement campaign in new version is not giving result like previous one.) I wan to sell books
  14. @aaroncroft6236: Ben. Can I pay you to get me set up?
  15. @mariamkashif3894: Hi Ben, when you say add a new ad to avoid ad frequency exceeding 2.5, does that mean I add the new ad to an existing ad set or as part of a new ad set? I would really appreciate your response!
  16. @faiyazkhan2.0: Thank you man
  17. @sean626262: Why do my ads only work for a few days then stop. Even if I let it run for a few more days, still nothing. My ads usually start working immediately, then slow down to nothing after a few days. I've never been able to figure this out.
  18. @Carorca2: Im working in company that change the copy EVERY WEEK as they have different promotions/new prices. Is this healthy for the ads?
  19. @JulesLife: But in another video I thought you said if I ad a new ad to an ad set it'll restart the whole learning process so it SHOULD BE AVOIDED.
  20. @magneticmate6634: As always, outstanding advice!

- Top 5 Facebook Ads Mistakes in 2025 (Most Media Buyers Still Get These Wrong): Kind: captions Language: en I've seen the insight of over 200 ad accounts, been managing ads for the last 8 years. Although so much has changed in 2025, there are some fundamental principles that say the same. It's a long weekend here in Canada, so I'm going to chill, but I got my AI assistant to let you know the top five ad mistakes you should avoid in your ad account. Let's get into it. Hello everyone. Today, we're diving into the top five mistakes you should avoid in your Facebook ad account. Mastering these can make a huge difference in your advertising success. First, make sure to set exclusions in your campaigns. Without them, Meta will always target the lowest hanging fruit, potentially neglecting profitable segments. Use a dynamic customer list or Shopify audiences and exclude recent website visitors up to 180 days. You don't need a separate retargeting campaign if you're using advantage shopping or ASC campaigns as they already include retargeting features. Next, be cautious of the breakdown between view through and click through conversions. If your ad frequency is high and view through conversions exceed 20 to 30%, you might be hitting the same audience repetitively, which isn't contributing to incremental gains. Watch for accounts where views exceed 50%. That's a red flag. Number three is campaign fragmentation. Keep campaigns minimal, especially with a low budget. Consider new campaigns only when necessary, such as targeting different countries or separating evergreen and sale ads. Remember, maintain sale campaigns separate and distinct. Fourth, don't neglect testing new meta features like AI enhancements, partnership ads, and value optimization. These tools can significantly boost your results when used correctly. Finally, patience is key. Avoid the urge to terminate new campaigns too early. Let them run for at least 2 to three days before making decisive changes. Facebook's system needs time to optimize your ad potential. To recap, the top five mistakes to dodge include not setting exclusions in campaigns, ignoring view versus click conversions, having fragmented campaigns, not testing new features, and lacking patience. Avoid these and your Facebook advertising will thrive.

- 5 Most Common Facebook Ad Mistakes To Avoid 2023: Kind: captions Language: en - Are you not getting the results from your Facebook ads campaigns that you'd hope for? I'm gonna share with you five biggest mistakes I see business owners make time and time again when running Facebook ads. Just knowing some of these mistakes can turn your campaigns from this to this. So, what we're waiting for, let's dive in. Number one, running before you can walk. I see so many business owners rushing to starting their campaigns without having the necessary tools in place to let them know what is actually working for them. In order to run any successful Facebook campaign, you have to have a Facebook pixel installed and analytics on your website. Otherwise, you are simply just marketing in the dark. Hello, is anyone there? The Facebook pixel will be able to tell you which demographics and ads are performing in your campaign so you can optimise for the winners and the analytics on your website will be able to tell you things like bounce rate, scroll depth. These are really important so you can see any potential issues with your landing page and possible changes you need to make to convert more visitors into leads. Number two, is not setting a realistic budget and timeframe. This is the second biggest mistake make time and time again. They don't have a realistic budget, timeframe and goal in mind, so they panic when they have spent money and don't get instant results. They then turn off their ads before they're even fully going. The worst part about this is they're put off indefinitely as they think they simply cannot do it. Facebook marketing takes time, weeks, sometimes even months, and it's important that you remember this before starting. Having a budget first means you won't panic as you're prepared yourself to spend this amount. Having a timeframe will ensure you are not checking every day for results that might not come instantly. Having a goal in mind will keep you focused while you're waiting for the campaign to perform. Number three, sending users to a non-optimized landing page. Most businesses only think about the Facebook campaign and not about where they are sending potential customers. You need to remember that getting someone to click on your ad is only half the battle. The other half is getting them to make a purchase, sign up, or request more information after they click on your ad. I have seen some of the most creative campaigns failed, because they have sent visitors to a page with slow load times or zero click-to-call actions. A good landing page needs to reinforce a user straight away what they have clicked on. It must have bite-sized chunks of information for them easily to digest and click-to-call actions throughout the page so no matter where they have scrolled they can easily convert into a lead or a sale. Number four, they don't think they need a hook. Business owners often think that they don't need a hook to convert traffic into a customer as either their product or service is too high quality and they don't want to devalue their product. Even if they have the best product or service in the world, you need to create a reason for them to take action. You need to remember that users viewing your ads haven't searched for you. They probably even haven't heard of you before and you have seconds to convince and take action. The misconception is a hook has to equal money off, which is not the case. You could use something like a faster delivery time or extra reward points. Obviously, a hook like a buy one get one free or a discount will always convert a higher level, but it's certainly not the only way. Number five, not creating enough urgency. You can have the perfect campaign, a fully optimised landing page, and a killer hook, but what are you giving the user to act now? This is the piece of the puzzle that business owners often forget. it's hard enough to get a user to stop what they're doing to click your ad. It's then hard enough to get them to browse your landing page for more than just a few seconds. When you get into this point though, you need to give them a reason to act straight away or they will miss out. For example, you can have a weekend-only offer for your product or limited spaces available for your online course, whichever method you choose is just important to create urgency so the user feels the fear of missing out. Now you know not what to do, head over to my video on the ultimate way to run successful Facebook ads to show you exactly what you should be doing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @abrarhussain136: How to avoid business info, while processing FB ads on my  own page
  2. @sriyanipremasiri6760: Can I run Facebook ads for ClickBank products? will it violate Facebook rules and regulations?if promoting click bank violate Facebook rules and regulations what is the best way to promote clickbank affiliate link with Facebook ads?
  3. @FernandoParot: Great video man
  4. @RafsanSababb: Are you looking for a professional YouTube thumbnail designer?
  5. @sobanvideoeditor: Can I edit your youtube videos?

- 5 Costly Facebook Ad Mistakes to Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en - Facebook can be an amazing way to grow your audience, generate leads, and scale your business. But it can also be a huge waste of money if not done right. And I have some common mistakes that I'm going to share with you, so you don't make them too. In this video, I'll break down the five most common mistakes people make with their Facebook ads and how to avoid making them. Plus, I will share with you my recommended structure for testing new ads so that you know what's working. The first mistake people make when running their ads is they don't set a budget. They either just boost a post or throw their ads out there and cross their fingers and hope it works. I recommend being really intentional with your strategy, making sure that you have a budget that's based on your sales goal and you can come back and reevaluate how it's going. So for example, if you know you want to sell 20 of your courses, you'll need to work backwards and figure out how many email leads that is, how much you're going to pay cost per lead and what your ad spend budget is as a result. I actually have a video that shows you the exact process step-by-step to setting your ad budget and a video that addresses all of these mistakes linked down in the description box below. Mistake number two is not testing enough. Not testing enough creative, not testing enough audiences. I often see people start a campaign with a couple of ad sets in it and one version of their ad creative. This doesn't allow you to test different messaging angles, different audiences, and see what works and what doesn't. And if you don't test it, you don't know if you can get a better result. Messaging is often more important than your targeting and even your strategy. If you don't have your messaging dialed in, everything else can be thrown off. So make sure you do enough testing to really nail down that messaging and then nail down that targeting and all the other elements in your strategy. The third mistake people make is really common, and that is trying to control Facebook. For the last several years, Facebook has been forcing advertisers to give up their control. This means with campaign budget optimization they want you to choose a budget and they choose what ad sets it goes to. This is with ad creative, they want you to upload all your creative options and they choose where the budget goes. I often see people try to outsmart Facebook and come up with these ideas of this perfect audience. And in theory, those audiences might seem really great but it almost never works out. If you try and over control Facebook, the algorithms will work against you. I recommend giving Facebook as much control as you can, obviously in a strategic way. But doing things like campaign budget optimization, automatic placement, and dynamic creative are generally going to convert better than you trying to control every piece of your Facebook ad campaign. The fourth mistake that people make is they don't know their numbers. It's so critical that when you go into marketing a Facebook ad campaign, you have an ideal cost per lead, an ideal cost per click and ideal sales conversion. By knowing your numbers and going into your Facebook ad campaign with those goals in mind, you'll be able to see exactly what is and isn't working and make changes faster. Which ultimately means you'll have a profitable campaign much faster. The fifth mistake that people make is they expect their ads to work out the gate. They want that return on their ad spend within two weeks, and if they don't get it, they shut off all their ads, they change their strategy, and they say "Facebook ads doesn't work for me." In the beginning, Facebook ads needs to be an investment in your business. You're investing to get traffic to your funnel, you're investing to find out what messaging angles, what targeting, what strategies work and don't work. Even when something doesn't work, that is valuable data because then you can go and never make that mistake again. Don't expect Facebook ads to work right out the gate. Instead, do what I was saying in the previous mistake and know your numbers. Let that guide your decisions and test, refine, and repeat. It's important to have your Facebook ad testing set up properly. My recommendation is you test at least three versions of ad copy, one longer version, one shorter version, and one maybe mid-length version. You never know what your audience is going to respond to better. I also recommend you test two to three different images. Maybe one or two with headlines and one completely without headlines. And I always recommend that you have a video tested in each one of your campaigns. You never know which one is going to do better. Sometimes I see campaigns in the same client account where videos do well in one, images do well in the other. If you're not testing all of those, you could be missing out on getting a cheaper cost per lead. I also recommend testing about one audience for every 10 to 15 dollars of daily budget that you have. You don't want to have too many audiences in your campaign if you have a low budget, but I also want to make sure you test enough audiences within that campaign. So one audience for every 10 to 15 dollars of daily budget. You can usually find that sweet spot where you're testing enough, but allowing Facebook to make sure you have enough budget to put into each audience. You can learn from all these mistakes but ultimately, you need to be running your own Facebook ads and testing your own data for your own audience and your own strategies. I've put together an entire playlist that will help you test your ads, set your budget, optimize your ads, and scale your ads. Click right here to watch those videos. Or here's another video that I think you might like. Either way, I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wisetooptimisedigitalmarke5004 [1 likes]: Valuable information to help advertiser's do better with Face book ads. Thanks 👍
  2. @hebawagdi3219 [1 likes]: I disagree with the automatic placement, because most of the times Facebook choose placement that my ad won't even work at. Like adding an image to watch placement for example which will cost me useless placement
  3. @MarketingHarry [1 likes]: Avoid those costly mistakes and listen to Emily, everyone. Very useful video as usual. 💯👍
  4. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🏆Create a Winning Facebook Ads Strategy: The Complete Guide [Playlist] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcAMFtfAtnQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bbeTmT-07kjk7AYJolxKtI&index=1
  5. @rofiqulislam7544: Nice video 💝💝💝
  6. @roystevens5535: Not exactly a mistake, more like improvement advice - reconsider the audiences you use in your ad campaigns. I suggest avoiding saved audiences and use custom ones instead. They are more likely to perform great as they consist of people who either have already interacted with your business or are initially interested in the topic. In case you don't have your own customer lists, you can always create them on LeadEnforce and target members of specific Facebook groups or followers of specific pages. Just make sure you find the right sources to target and provide the service with the links so that it generates an audience that you will be able to use in your FB ad campaigns.
  7. @yusufshah8530: Do you provide mentorship regarding Facebook ads??
  8. @studiobluinteriordesign9097: great info, but I am so overwhelmed listening to all this that needs to be done.
  9. @Rebirth1183: Question: if you sell jewelry and you use a Pandora picture from the internet, does that go against facebook rules?
  10. @saurabhnikkam: Instead of split testing on image vs videos we can choose both in carousel
  11. @JimMuldoon: Great info, Thank you

- Mistakes that hurt 85% of Facebook Advertisers: Kind: captions Language: en most Facebook advertisers are really messing things up they focus on the wrong things and that kills the Facebook ad results I think because a Facebook ad account and ads manager is quite complicated there's all sorts of functionality in there and meta has been adding to that over the years which is great for advanced advertisers because it means we can do more things and we have more control more flexibility Etc but I think it does make it very confusing for not just beginner Facebook advertisers but intermediate even some Advanced Facebook advertisers and people get lost in all the various options I could run this type of campaign I could use this setting I could I could do this and what ends up happening because of that is that Facebook advertisers put their time and effort into things that either don't matter at all or they only move the needle a tiny bit and that really hurts their chances of success with Facebook advertising we all only have so many resources to put into our Facebook and Instagram ad accounts we all only have so much time so much money so you want to make sure that you are working on the things that really matter that really move the needle and that's what I'm going to cover in this video I'm going to give you five the the most important five things when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising that you need to focus on that you need to get right if you want to see great results so let's get started with the performance goal now Facebook avatars for years have really focused on the campaign objective and how important that is and I get questions about the campaign objective all the time but the campaign objective is only important in that it Narrows down the options that you see when it comes to the performance goal the performance goal is what is where you're able to tell meta what it is that you want the campaign to optimize for what it is that you want the campaign to try and get you what do you want it's not that simple what do you want and depending on your campaign objective you'll see different options for performance goal so for example if you have if you use the leads campaign objective you'll see a number of options in the performance goal one of which will be get as many conversions as many leads as possible uh which is what I'd recommend you use in that scenario but you could also change that to something like generate as many link clicks as possible or get as many landing page views as possible now if you go for example with generate as many link clicks as possible possible that campaign will operate exactly the same as a traffic campaign that has the same performance goal which is get as many link clicks as possible so the campaign objective in that scenario one's leads but optimizing for link clicks one's traffic but optimizing for link clicks they're going to be optimized and run in the exact same way you're not going to get any benefit from using a leads campaign and that's why the performance goal is now much more important if you are you're losing a leads campaign you want to optimize for leads and get as many leads as possible if you're using a sales campaign you want to get as many purchases possible or the highest return on ad spend depending on how your ad account is set up and whether you're able to to track and optimize for that now the way a Facebook ad account is optimized the thing that you tell meta you want the performance goal that might sound like a bit of a trivial thing but it is absolutely not it is so important that you get this right meta is really good at finding people that are likely to take the action that you tell meta that you want so if you say you want link clicks you will get a ton of Link clicks probably relatively inexpensively but are those people actually going going to go on and convert are they going to become a lead are they going to go ahead and purchase probably not whereas if you tell meta look I want leads I want sales meta is going to do their best to try and get you that and the differences are massive more than 100% Improvement in results typically when you go with say a leads campaign optimizing for leads versus a traffic campaign or a leads campaign optimizing for link clicks when you're measuring cost per lead or the number of leads generated assuming the same budget so absolutely you need to get this right you need to get the performance go right and my simple advice here is that you go with the option that best describes what you really want with your business do you want leads do you want sales do you want app inst stalls maybe you do just want to reach people you're using an omnipresent content strategy for example you just want to reach as many people as possible in which case absolutely fine to go with the awareness objective and then select um reach optimize for as much reach as possible as your performance goal but just make sure you really think about that what is my end objective here what do I really want from a Facebook ad campaign that's what you need to select as your performance goal and if you've got this wrong if you're watching this video thinking oh I don't I've got my performance go set up right if you change it that's likely to make a huge difference to your results okay so the second thing that I want to discuss is very much tied into the first thing that's really important for your Facebook and Instagram ad results and that's your ability to track the actions that people take track the actions people take after they click on your hands do they go through and purchase do they go through and become a lead where what pages they look at all that sort of stuff now for the performance goal to mattera let's say you want to optimize for leads you want to optimize for sales mattera needs to be able to know accurately what a lead what a sale looks like on your website so if you don't have tracking in place properly then you are going to miss out not only as an Advertiser in terms of being able to see how my campaigns performing which ads are doing well which are doing badly turn off the under performers create new ads like the better performers all the sort of stuff that we do on a daily basis but also remember meta machine learning process is not going to know what a lead is not going to know what a sales is so how are they going to be able to optimize for that so it's very important that you get the Facebook pixel installed and that you have the conversions API installed as well I've got videos that show you how to do both we'll include links to those um in the description if you're not familiar and want to go through that process but just absolutely essential that you get those set up and that you try and get your tracking as accurately as possible it'll help you as an Advertiser and it'll help meta optimize which as we've already discussed makes a huge difference okay the next thing on my list and perhaps the single most important element of a Facebook ad campaign Instagram ad campaign is the offer what do people actually get when they take the action that you want to take when they go ahead and purchase your product purchase your service what is it that they are getting how do you uh position that how do you package it how do you make it really enticing now the reason why I think this is the most important thing is because you can have an ad campaign that is set up really poorly but still do well if the offer is strong enough however you could have the perfect Facebook ad campaign all optimized in the perfect way you've got everything real really dialed in but if the offer is something that people just aren't that interested in it's not going to work so I want to give you quick quick few examples I've got other videos that go into more detail on offers but just some some things that might uh give you a few ideas of how you could improve your offer it's one of my most common responses when I get asked questions I might look at what someone's doing and say you know what I don't think your offer is good enough here's how you might be able to improve it so I'll start with one of the most interesting examples cuz I always remember this client and the difference that improving the offer made was just insane they were selling a product that is installed in people's properties and the average price for one of these things is £3,000 we were running ad campaigns trying generate leads cuz these were sold via a sales call and we were emphasizing the benefits of this product and the fact that you know the customer service is really good and it gets installed well and yada yada Y and and and the campaigns did okay but not great we then switched to a finance option now this is a product that wasn't typically offered and with a finance option instead of saying you know this is how much it costs and the regular ads we' focused really heavily within the ads both in the creative and in the copy on the fact that you only needed to pay I believe it was £9 per week for I think it was quite an extended period of time must be 6 years and installation of this relatively essential product um would take place within I believe it was 48 hours from inquiry it's speed hasslefree there's a finance option now that campaign absolutely crushed once we switched over and improved that offer from isn't this great all those things still applied like the product was good etc etc to here's a finance option you only to pay a little amount per week it's going to cost you a lot less than you originally thought to uh to replace one of these and you get it installed in the next 4 hours that was such a good offer that it absolutely um flew and we were generating more leads in the business can handle we kept having to turn the campaign off because they would just be full uh leads wise and and all that sort of stuff another example of a great offer a way to improve an offer is if you can genuinely add something new and Innovative to your product or service that other people don't offer it's a great way of differentiating yourself and if someone sees you out and they go oh I didn't know that product within this category could do that thing that they had the ability to do that that's that's great I'm really interested I'll go ahead and check it out that Improvement and offer could massively improve your results and then another example I want to give that's particularly applicable on the service side of things is a guarantee people pitching Services all the time most uh whether it's B2B or b2c people are pitched all the time for various different services but if you say as part of your offer within your ad look we guarantee X result or you don't pay us or you get your money back or we work with you until we get you that objective no matter how long that will be for free guarantees are a great way to improve an offer they show that you are very confident in what you offer um and your lead rate normally that applies to services but can apply to products as well normally your lead rate or your sale rate is going to go through the roof with with that sort of thing so have a little think about your offer and how you can improve it that's probably the single um biggest area for leverage within your Facebook and Instagram as if you can improve your offer you can triple quadruple or more your result overnight very quickly I've got some really exciting news I've launched a new mentorship program to help you explode your business's revenue and profits through paid ads and marketing now in this mentorship program myself and my team will Mentor you daily literally every single Working Day and because of that spots are very limited so if you're interested you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members who can explain everything about the mentorship program and how it works I'm really really excited about this and I hope to be working with you and mentoring you very soon okay the next thing I want to bring up is Lifetime customer value and specifically doing everything you can to increase your lifetime customer value so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers that get really obsessed with their ad campaigns and they've got them dialed in they're performing well and they're working really really hard and testing all these options to try and shave an extra dollar trying to get purchased for a dollar less or or get a 5% Improvement in in their cost per leag I understand that I don't think that's wasted effort but I think that same effort could be better spent increasing their lifetime value because it's only so low realistically you can drop your cost per conversion or your cost per lead when your campaigns are performing well but but you can increase your lifetime customer value significantly I often say to people it's a lot easier to double your average customer value your lifetime customer value than it is to half your cost per conversion with a Facebook ad or Instagram ad and I think that when we're trying to work out where's the the highest leverage opportunities which I spending my time and effort on I would first focus on Lifetime customer value increasing that as much as possible because that's going to really help your ad campaigns that will double your row if you double your LifeQuest of value even if your ad campaign stay exactly the same that doubles your return on ad spend and it makes it so much easier for you to weather any dips in Facebook ad performance to to handle if competitors join the market and Spike the price up slightly um maybe temporarily maybe over a longer period if you have that buffer you know that you're going to make a lot more per customer than your competitors you're going to make a lot more per customer than you used to that just does wonderful things for your business so obviously there's a number of different ways to do that one would be referrals make your product service so good that when people buy it they feel compelled to tell others about it that's a great way if you know that that for every customer you acquire you're going to get another one on average because they're going to tell people about it it's a great way to make your ad campaigns uh more profitable you could really focus on repeat purchase part of that's going to be the quality of product and service it's going to also come down to retargeting and are you following via email and maybe SMS marketing and various things you might be able to do to get people to be reactivated a subscription type setup for a lot of businesses whether product or service can be a good way to go and so you get that recurring revenue and of course you can very simply ask people to spend more money um by charging more for your product Services now they need to be better to to Warrant that but you know what I mean or you can offer more alternative products that they also may be interested with cross sales and upsells and things along those lines so that's an area where Facebook advertisers massively neglect but it can make all the difference if you can triple your lifetime customer value you can probably afford to pay a lot more than you're currently paying per new customer so your add campaigns and still have a more profitable business so it's it's a win all around for you and your business and then the fifth thing that I want to talk about when it comes to the most important things for your Facebook and Instagram ads is the ad creative now the ad creative is the part that people see and again a lot of Facebook advertisers get obsessed with the various little settings and things like that within the ad account and you go yes they may make a bit of a difference but Facebook is moving more and more towards automating all of that so less and less of a difference as time goes on and actually it's going to be the quality of what people actually see that is the bigger needle mover that's going to be the thing that either grabs people attention or it does that's going to be thing that impresses your prospects and go wow this looks really cool this company looks great I'm really interested in this or it doesn't so I'd recommend that most Facebook advertisers put more effort and particularly more budget into their creative I see a lot of Facebook advertisers spend you know hardly anything on the creative and put it all into the ad campaign and often I've advised people saying look if you just take like 10% of what you're spending on the ad campaign and hire a professional you know video editor or a videographer or a photographer or a creative professional or someone to create something that looks really really good I bet you that's net positive in terms of you take 10% um of the ad budget spend that on Creative are you going to get more than a 10% Improvement on your results in that ad campaign yes I think you will you could easily get 30 40 70 160% Improvement we've seen all those sorts of numbers before from better quality significantly better quality ad creative so it's going to more than pay for itself now of course I understand that not everyone has the budget to hire creative professionals whether that's a a professional photographer or videographer or something like that in which case there is a tool that I'd recommend you use that makes it super simple and easy to create really high quality ad creative I explain exactly what it is and how it works in this video here if you're new to Facebook ads or you don't have a ton of budget to play with when it comes to the creative side of things this is exactly what I'd recommend you so go through that video check it out I think you find it really useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @brandonpierce1928 [4 likes]: Can you make a second video like this, but focused towards messages for people who make sales or business focus on people messaging you for your business. Like insurance agents?
  2. @MrChameekara [1 likes]: Can you speak slowly please
  3. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @succnasty69: Hi Ben, hope you see this. I am an absolute beginner with Facebook Ads and am running a campaign with a performance goal of maximizing conversations. My entire business model is set around going through the sale from start to finish only via FB Messenger, so with this performance goal I end up getting poor quality leads that only send messages with no intention of buying. 

How should I set up my ad sets to optimize for purchases? I do know that Facebook can detect whether or not a sale has been made via Messenger via sent proof of payments, and would like the algorithm to send more people just like those. Any advice on how to navigate this would be much appreciated.
  5. @kimo11159: بارك الله فيك 😊
  6. @SarahDigit.: thank you
  7. @gustavklevmarken: I'm so confused with one thing, if i don't send any traffic to a website and only use instant forms for my lead gen do I need a Pixle?
  8. @markmauer1219: This is so vague. I want to know what mistakes I am making on the settings portion of FB ads.
  9. @bidalsimpson2561: Hello Ben, I have been off business for year and half now because my ad account was permanently banned. Need help to get back to business again. Will really be grateful for life
  10. @assafmanor: I see you incorporate a lot of shots from blockbuster movie such as the Matrix. I always wanted to do this but it seemed to me that there is a copyright issue. Is this okay? Have you cleared this from a legal standpoint?
  11. @outrage9: It's especially hard because you can't find 2 "Meta Pros" that agree on the best way to run your campaigns. Would love to see you address businesses that are harder to track results like restaurants that don't need conversions or leads, but just need to get people in the restaurant to eat, daily specials, come to happy hour, or watch bands.
  12. @Supun123-u1s: How to sell household items on facebook and what is the best add campaign .
Please share your link
  13. @sadaftahsin4429: Slow man .....
  14. @SHerkoTech: Facebook is restricting many business accounts with out Any reasons. How about if we change the platform and not use Facebook again.  They emailed us today after restricting our ad account that they will not refund our money which saved in our ad account
  15. @djessybandayi5636: Hi Ben can you please make a video on campains that redirect customers to whatsapp in order to make sales?
  16. @alexandershahzed2215: Amazing video, Ben! Loved it
  17. @veniceitalytravelling: there's a solution about deduplicated results?
  18. @erik-bernard: Hello, if I'm based in Europe but I advertise in the USA, should I keep the ads live all the time or is it better to show them during peak hours only? Because I noticed fb is spending the majory of the budget when in the USA is night and so when buyers are less active.
  19. @Hohstapler: How to handle extremely high CPM as a new ad account? It goes in between $40-$60 which is ridiculous. Broad audience with little or no interests added
  20. @freedomofspeechlb: I learned a ton of information from this channel. I hope one day you can do some structured courses and give certificates. Ill be more than happy to buy them from you

- How To Fix Underperforming Facebook Ads (New Method): Kind: captions Language: en have your meta ads recently just completely bombed out of nowhere where you getting like let's say eight return on ad spent now it's like 1.5 tox were were your cost per leads at 30 before now it's 100 was your cost per appointment let's say 200 now it's a thousand don't worry it's a very common problem and in this video I'm going to share with you all of the strategies that we use in order to cure this but more importantly how you can prevent this for your own clients or if you're managing your own ad accounts for your own business and the good thing is is that you'll be supervised by an actual pilot and a very seasoned Advertiser that is going to share with you all of the tips and tricks and it's an actual thing as Pilots we practice this all the time right if you got a fire while you're flying like what what are you going to do you know what I mean you need to anticipate this this happening where your engine just suddenly stops engine fire all these situations we always practice beforehand so when they occur you're just more calm and relaxed right and we fully understand we we have had clients that we've managed accounts for for multiple years and it does occasionally happen and clients usually freak out but we you know we're pretty used to the situation and one of the things that can happen during a normal flight is people people just fly an airplane and they they want want to turn to the left or they want to turn to the right but what ends up happening is that the airplane has a tendency to pitch down and if you don't correct this while you're turning you're gaining more speed and you end up in a spiral and it goes faster and faster as well because you're going down and the speed just goes crazy and then right and that's that's what happens with a lot of the campaigns so here are my three or four tips I try to throw absolutely everything at you to help you if you're in this current situation I recommend to split test headlines first simply duplicate the the same adsets that have worked for you in the past change the headlines it's very easy to do just go to chat gbt ask for more headlines or if you got a very good copywriter they will write some really really good headlines for you that's a very easy fix fix number two is let's say if you've been running image ads for long for a lengthy period of time try video ads right so just try to swap things around or add in more creatives of the same type right you can do the same thing with the body copy if you've been running the same body copy for a long time just swap it out and see how you go right test this for a week or two see if it improves if it doesn't check your conversion rates is the traffic going to the landing page does it convert at the same rate as it used to convert in the past right if this if if if the answer is it's lower you might have to change up the offer right so that's that's step number two step number three is to check your frequency and your first time impression ratio which is an indication of an audience overlap I want to show you quickly how you can set this up so at custom columns you simply go to customize columns and then custom and then create create and then you divide reach by Impressions and then brackets brackets and then if you select this percentage here it will add automatically 100% so you don't have to add in percentage but you can do it this way as well just numeric and add 100 to give you percentage right so what this metric does reach divined by Impressions correct it gives you the closer you are to 100% this means that on a daily basis 100% of the audience is fresh new new people that have never seen your ads before right it's it's never 100 but we see on this account it's like 92 on cold traffic 97 this means that it's very fresh and you can you can tell by the frequencies are very low as well right we at this say we don't have that uh crazy low we do it on we do have it on the remarketing right so what we already can predict is at some stage the remarketing audience are might be burned out or might get burned out because it's it's you know it's 30% meaning that on average only one kind of like new person sees the ad and and and and audience just the same people keep seeing the same and the same ad which is also the exact reason why we run remarketing right so it's it's good in this particular case but if it's on cold traffic you might want to swap out swap out your audiences duplicate your adsets with the best performing um adsets and campaigns test an awkward interest test an awkward look likee audience that you've never tested before this way you can refresh and see if it's going to if it's going to recover or not and the last thing I recommend you doing is go to Karm media.com as you can see we've worked with the top which is something I'm incredibly proud of and very honored to have served some of the brightest minds and greatest people in the advertising space like clickfunnels Russell Bronson gym launch brands that we all know so you can be rest assured that the advice is is also um you know doesn't come from just like a random person you know what I mean a lot of people make these Facebook ads videos and stuff but you can check out our website you can download our our free course as well we got a free ad course available and what you can do as well if you're spending over $5,000 a month you can claim a free strategy session right we're going to dive into your audience craft potential new offers for you on the call live um creatives we're going to really do Deep dive what it is that you're doing and potentially making you an offer if it's a really good fit so also if you've enjoyed this video drop a like Drop to subscribe drop your question in the description in the comment section down below would love to you know spark a real conversation with you and lastly want to thank you for your attention and really appreciate you watching this video all the way till the end

  Top Comments:
  1. @hazmatrap3270: You suggest having tens or hundreds of tiny campaigns targeting some narrow interests. Why don't rely on facebook algorithms, and target broader audience with standard optimisations like AEO?
  2. @Mohamed_growth_1: Do u need a creative video editor bro ? 😊
  3. @SouravDuttaViral: Great video! Thanks for sharing these helpful hacks.

- Facebook Ad Performance Dropped? DO THIS!: Kind: captions Language: en so your Facebook ad performance dropped and you're really not sure what to do next well today I will be showing you exactly what we do when Facebook ad performance drops I've done over $100 million in revenue from Facebook ads and this is the exact sop I follow every single time so that being said let's dive into the video so maybe you had a performance drop over the last 24 hours and you know this I always start right here usually last 24 hours is the first thing you're going to notice to be fair you know 24-hour performance drop I take with a grain of salt I more so like to look at that uh kind of like that 48h hour to 72h hour performance drop because you know last 24 hours Facebook kind of varies back and forth but 48 to 72 hours we have um a little bit more like okay hey something's up here so first things I like to look at is is there any ads that are recently started getting majority spin so you know for a fact of you know like I do my DCT testing with my cbos and stuff like that every now and then we'll have like a DCT start to take majority of spin which is good but it doesn't positively impact performance actually negatively impacts that so I'll look at anything that recently started getting majority of spin that's the first thing I start to look at next thing I like to look at is is there a product out of stock or best-selling variant that's out of stock I've seen plenty of times where literally just a product goes out of stock or a you know maybe we're selling clothing in like a large size goes out of stock for a best seller and the performance just crashes so that's something else I'll take a look at next one is a product page change so any changes in the product page I've had a client literally go from a 3X robas to 1x robas overnight uh freaked out started doing all kinds of tweaks to that account to realize that this particular client installed a little popup drawer that covered the at to cart button up on her website to where literally like people couldn't add to cart so that becomes a super big issue issue right there so that's the first thing I like to look at I don't like to touch any ads I like to just kind of take a look at this and I say ads I don't like to touch any budget yet I like to just kind of take a look at this so ads getting majority of spin that just not doing well product a stock or a product page change now if none of the above happen then I'm going to start looking at all right cool let's start scaling budget back by 20% a day until we hit our hard deck now it's not like oh performance is bad let me just keep scaling every day down if we scale down like 2 days and performance picks back up then I'm just going to kind of hold off and like let's Coast at that that particular budget so just to be fair I will scale budget back by 20% until I find that healthy area and I'm just going to let it Coast at that now if performance still does not pick up I'm going set a certain Line in the Sand of AD spin I do not scale below and that's going to be different for everyone because it's more dependent on how much cash we have in the bank but you know if I'm spending $10,000 a day and performance goes terrible I don't want to scale down to $100 a day because it going be super super hard to find new winning ads when I've been spending so much so I try to find that that healthy spot that we can continue to spend that regardless of performance and that's our hard deck now I don't have a goal to scare all down to the hard deck of performance drops I only scale down to the hard deck if performance does not pick up when I begin that daily 20% down so just put that in in mind for you now as soon as we start to scale down or maybe we had to scale down the next objective is to find new winning ads so um this is something super big right here because you know essentially what'll happen is it's not really like creative burnout it's just maybe that particular angle right there you're pushing too much spin in for the number of people that Facebook can find with that particular ad so I'm finding new angles um different types of audiences and stuff that in I say audiences like different types of people we can create ads around that we can leverage inside of our targeting because again we use Broad targeting for everything and I believe the creative creates the audience so I don't like Target audiences specifically so that's what we do we'll put all of our efforts into finding new winning ads I've came out of so many just red zones with accounts by just simply finding new winning ads at scale now next thing these two right here these are not things I do often at all but it's been in Desperate Times where we did this so like maybe we'll do a sale so hey performance has been bad the last couple weeks we'll just do like a week and sale like a Thursday afternoon to Sunday and we'll do like a 30% off stock wide sale just an example right there we'll notice that works really well I don't run any Facebook ads at all for it simply just use email and SMS and I just collect some profit just helps out make up some profit and stuff but again it's not really like my go-to I don't do this every time but I'm just giving you guys some other Alternatives of other things you can leverage to help pick up performance now the other thing is a new product launch and it's the same thing as a sale you know maybe U like especially like for clothing brands works really well where uh you know we keep people engaged in our email and SMS list and we'll just drop a new product and usually that pick up performance because it's like something new and exciting for people to purchase right there so but yeah so this is essentially what to do in performance scale budget back to a healthy level if you have to and then from there keep testing new ads till you find new winners like that's literally I tell all my students and so many of them have came out of ruts essentially of bad performance uh we've done it dozens of times inside of our accounts you know we have plenty of days where our ad accounts for our clients are just tanking and not doing great at all it's not all sunshine and rainbows like YouTube make make it seem I have plenty of days for performance tanks and this is how we pick that up and continue to hit the goals that we have established with those accounts so yeah guys make sure to like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and I appreciate you guys watching this video you want me to run your Facebook ads for you click the link below to have Nick ter run your ads and if you want to be men mentor and learn how to become a better marketer and break through Revenue barriers then click the link below for have Nic Tero Mentor you to learn more about my mentorship program thank you all so much for watching today's video hope you guys have a good rest of your all day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @matheuscampos8097 [5 likes]: Bro you are so underrated, deserve so much more
  2. @thebluepill4981 [2 likes]: Hey Nick, me again! Quick question, I was seeing great results in the initial CBO launch, one creative was getting a lot of spend and sales profitably, even though the CPMs were over $100, but I assumed that was because of the Super Bowl, and Valentines day etc. I had an ad account restiction but let it continue to run as you suggested and now it's been a full 10 days since launching. 2 Days ago I launched 2 DCTs but until now, both have taken no spend at all. So these are the matrics for the whole campaign:

CTR: 3.6% - CPC: $1.90 - CPM: $92 - ATC 37 ($29) - PUR: 12 (CPA: $92) - ROAS: 0.75 (Also the Blended ROAS is 0.94 and the NC-CPA is $74)


So I know this isn't a quick question anymore aha, but how would you look at this, what would you be thinking moving forward, new DCTs or something completely different? And once again your content and you continuous effort to reply is genuinely appreciated! 💪
  3. @noudvandervloet8097 [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content again Nick! My campaign results dropped. I have four ad sets live where one ad set created the majority of sales last 4 weeks. Facebook is still giving 80/90% spend on this ad set, but the overall campaign dropped. Would you turn off this ad set and give all other three ad sets more spend to test? These ad sets are all differents hooks for my product and also made some sales last weeks, but not a lot. Thanks!
  4. @maureenmayers [1 likes]: Hey Nick is it normal to see performance drop 😞 while increasing the budget or introducing new creatives? 

I introduced new creatives and performance dropped 😢 prior to this performance was superb...
  5. @sykoratrades [1 likes]: Nick what does hard deck here mean? Break even?
  6. @Nikolas4968 [1 likes]: Hello, thanks for such cool videos! I have a question!
when you lower the budget by 20%, do you turn off the ads and launch new ones with new creatives, or just lower the budget and leave them running?
  7. @rishabhtripathi296 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I just wanted to clarify that you scale your campaign up or down by 20% everyday based on the NC CPA of last 3 days right?
  8. @fontooo [1 likes]: Hey bro great video! How many creatives max do you have in your CBOs and are you killing the ones that do not perform?
  9. @arjendewaard2691 [1 likes]: Hey there im now running your cbo strategy and its running like crazy metrics but now i added new creatives but it doesnt spin at all? Should i wait or is it because i didnt give more budget.? I run for 100 dollars a day. But it seems that the main creative get all the spins
  10. @TheNidza123 [1 likes]: Hey Nick great content as always! When you run carousel ads, do you use dynamic creative or not? It's a clothing brand.
  11. @a7mad9292 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video. Whats the best way to collect high quality email list that converts specifically in health and fitness niche? Much love.
  12. @marynamaliarenko2485 [1 likes]: Hello Nick. Tell me, I didn’t see another tool in this video such as changing the betting strategy. Don't you use a marginal rate or cost per result in your practice? If you don't use it, please explain why.
  13. @seleneashford2 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, which stages of market awareness should I be focused on at first? Unaware, problem aware or solution aware, product aware?
  14. @seleneashford2 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, my CPM and CPC is still very high even after BFCM. Is this normal?
  15. @PuzzlingPhenomena [1 likes]: Is the inner circle also for dropshippers or more for branding?
  16. @iamserenan [1 likes]: Ehi Nick thank you for your amazing help to us! I've seen pretty much every one of your videos and I'm trying to apply as much as possible! Your advice is to raise the budget by 20% every 24 hours if we see that the campaign is performing well, but every time I raise the budget the conversions (pur) decrease sharply! So what should I do? Wait three days as you suggest and lower the budget, lower it right away or see how it goes? Thank you so much, as always!
  17. @paulwright4765 [1 likes]: Great advice and info Nick. Loving how you have developed over last 1 - 2 years
  18. @Cuhdense [1 likes]: As someone who is starting to come into the Ad scene, and wanting to get their first client, how would you approach that? I have been having trouble doing so since I have, no results, no past experience, no anything, but I am trying to find ways that can get me to land my first client.
  19. @NickTheriot: 🔺Have Nick Theriot Run Your Ads: https://www.theriotsolutions.com 
✅ Have Nick Theriot Mentor You: https://theriotsolutions.com/innercircle
  20. @BenjaminMouni: Hello Nick Theriot, I followed your video but if an ad is getting the majority spend and the result drop what should I do introduce new ads?

- How to 10X Your Facebook Ads with This Simple 3-Step Strategy #facebookads: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only campaign you will need to launch your FB ads or your ads in this video I will share with you a simple Facebook ads strategy that can help you 10x or 20x your results on Facebook ads We will be using an AI tool and the resources that you should know and use when doing Facebook ads we will talk about is the strategy so in Facebook ads there are many strategies that will tell you SAO when it comes to scaling strategy step by step that you can watch on YouTube There are many of them and I also have many videos available on YouTube but the strategy that I will share with you is I Believe you did not know before or the first time you heard or maybe you have already done it but this one is my new approach on scaling my ads personally and with my clients from 10,000 to 100 TH a day more than before So the strategy that I will share with you here in our training strategy So basically the first thing we will talk about here is You need to identify Who are your competitors there are many advertisers that they do not They consider that they don't want to engage with them, they don't want to study their competitors and Did you know that for your Facebook ads to work, competitor research or market research is one of the best strategies for you to know and validate whether the paid ads you are going to do will be successful? So here you need to have market research, so market research or competitor research number two, let's talk about it here, I'll share the tool called the ad library number three, the f ads structure, even if your ads are new, you can use this structure, and this structure is designed so you're ready if you sell later on. Okay, so is that okay with you? So let's do this, let's talk about it. So the first thing we're going to do is study who your competitors are. So you need to identify, you should know your competitors. Let's say for example, first, you'll see one of my ads here. So I will be running multiple ads, multiple campaigns, multiple ad accounts, and as you can see here, in an ad account that I manage, that's February 4. You'll see the spent here. That's 63, so we're like that. eager when it comes to FB ads one of the things I'm going to teach you is the structures So you need to watch this video until the end so that's new here let's go to the competitor I will be using chat gpt and deep seck you're not familiar with deep seck this is the new ai So basically they are the same tool but let's compare which is better so here I will give you a prompt no prompt meaning This is the request that we will give or instructions that we will give to chat gpt so this prompt is just peace here on dips write me a list of my top 30 competitors for this brand Okay let's say 20 Okay that's a brand Here we go let's just copy-paste dph and then I'll put the website here Then I'll submit it so the same here with deep seek so they are the same they will generate That's okay not available search It's okay okay big brands global recognition powerhouse Nike Adidas Puma under armor Rebook new balance sketchers Okay great great so Here is the number for chat gpt 20 is Decathlon Philippines dips is number 20 is active fan Philippines athlete and Titan 22 and so on so they are different from what was given but um It's not far apart so there is also a description of dips global leader nice leader in sportswear with a strong digital Presence with with extensive Facebook ads campaign It's not that bad Nik philippines so this seems okay because you already know your top competitor brands you will find out what your competitors are doing because it's important that you know their approach so you have a clue because what they are doing is validated and They are the ones with big budgets in paid ads meaning if you run ads Do you have an idea or clue What are the types of ads they are doing toyota.com.ph so let's copy the link There I will also show you what you will do here is just edit change send then The same goes for chat gpt okay any of these two chat gpt or deeps you are using no problem what they gave is okay too um research top 20 competitors Toyota Mitsubishi Honda you put yourself in your other competitors so you have competitor research so it's better if your competitors have a website because you can study the nice 18 byds here so let's see search let's Mitsubishi Motors Philippines or Mitsubishi Okay let's see 99 O and majority here what are these Agents no So you will see here they have ads there Okay same type of ad but Yeah Look for something that will make you stop there in the ads but this one is Mitsubishi Motor Philippines it seems like their own campaign so Okay also their campaign that's what I want nice nice this one is video okay to video when There is L300 okay so most of here are just images these are ads managers Okay seller pages now You have an idea where to find the best ads here on Facebook and also a way to know that paid ads are working it depends it depends how long ago the ads this one was posted because it was posted here February 3 meaning yesterday because February 4 now just chatting That's impression date almost Uh one month running so total active times in 2 hours is platform here in Pababa That's January 23 so I mean need to say when this ad is running he's running for 2 weeks to 1 month or more than that It means his ads are effective because he's not killing his ads like he's working So that's one of the strategies where you can validate if the ad is running or effective when it's been running for multiple months more than one month that's ranking if you see an ad that's been running for one year that's great because the ad he created is very effective So that's one tip now What is the strategy when I run ads what's called FB ads structure so in FB ads structure what we'll do here in the ad account I'll show SAO Okay let 's create a camp here in the ad and then It depends on the ad you're using if you're engagement you can use it in engagement going to send message if sales then sales so let's say engagement you click on the continue manual engagement campaign then Here we go So now what you'll do is create multiple campaigns let's assume you're new to ads and it's your first time running ads you're also your first time exploring ads manager so all you need to do is create three add campaigns So basically our first campaign to do is You need to create a campaign called scaling Okay scaling campaign So the scale campaign means this is where all your performing ads will go So I won't go into SAO how to set up ads manager how to create as long as the Goal is all your performing ads that are working will go here Okay so another one we'll create another ad or campaign where you'll call it a testing campaign basically the campaign is this is where you'll put the ads that you want to run So by the way what are we doing cbo or non cbo it works because your campaign will test those ads So this one is where you'll panic and put that in the scaling campaign so you get that So what's the last structure now You should have a retargeting campaign, so coach. What is a retargeting campaign? Retargeting campaign is the ad campaign or ad set that you are launching where you only show it to people who have watched the video on your page that can go to your website and by creating an audience, so that's the custom audience. So basically this strategy is When we look back at that campaign, it means the structure. When we look back at that structure, this is the structure that will help you. So, is it better for your ads that are working and those that are not working? When in the testing campaign, let's say that one of your ad sets is performing and the status of your ad is good and the performance is good, what you will do there is that you are your idli. By the way, I can't date him because this ad account that we demoed is unsettled, but basically you will put him and that's what you will put in the scaling campaign. Okay, so all the ads that will give good performance or good results are put in the scaling campaign. All right, does that get there? So meaning to say that the structure is We talked about how you can organize your ads faster and now you won't have a hard time scaling and don't worry about scaling, just test all your campaigns, make sure to run multiple campaigns. The more ads, the better. The ones that will work, the ad sets, the ones you add in your testing. Move them to the scaling campaign. Once they're in the scaling campaign, what you'll do is increase the budget. It can be gradual or you can also increase your budget right away. So basically, in 2025, there's a lot of changes when it comes to FB ads. Previously, it worked. You really had to increase the budget slowly. But now, we've noticed that even though we increase the budget quickly, we still maintain the cost. Now, you have to send a Benchmark. The benchmark you set suddenly dropped, meaning you stop scaling. But when you see that your scaling is going on every day, it's going straight. That's why you're stable. Just keep scaling. meaning Facebook gives you good conversion So that 's that's the strategy of doing FB ads So if we go back to market research this one we did research earlier and then we used the FB ad library tool that's free and next is the FB ads structure what is the fbads structure that I showed you earlier fbads structure where you will first create three 1 2 3 campaigns so those three campaigns are testing Okay retargeting retargeting no problem even um It won't be consecutive and then this one is the scaling That's so by creating multiple campaigns per offer or product or for a client this is the only campaign you will need to launch His FB ads or your ads testing campaign retargeting campaign can't be lost It's a pity the traffic or those who showed interest and the scaling campaign already so hopefully the short video helped SAO and If you got a lot of tips and value any questions feel free to comment below this video and I'm so happy to answer your questions this is coach J See you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [6 likes]: Facebook Ads Group For Pinoy Media Buyers - With FREE Video Tutorials. https://bit.ly/pinoymediabuyers
  2. @journeywithGandM [4 likes]: Super Generous at effective  ng mga tutorials mo. God Bless you more 😊
  3. @EarlHeteroza [2 likes]: Thanks coach for more tips to how can run this ads
  4. @juleiangelicaandes9932 [1 likes]: thank you for the tutorials
  5. @wmesprotector.since2023 [1 likes]: Thank you
  6. @jfdavao6400: HELLO sir new follower here .. so informative vblog mo <3
  7. @eggxecution: great!
  8. @keyboarding88: how
  9. @mariasophiafrancisco122: upskilling as content associate
  10. @TheGreatTraveler: How much po kapag testing?
  11. @khelvin199: Coach, how to run ads live selling?
  12. @wellness753: Salamat coach
  13. @KENSVENGaming: Ano po link para ma search mga ibang ads?
  14. @romarcarpio9012: You mean sir tatlo kailangan mong iboost na post ko for Scaling, Retargeting and testing?
  15. @nextgenrevenueaccelarator: Thankyou sir ja5
  16. @MarcelinoDulay-m4q: hello, pano ka po ma contact in private po .. thank u po
  17. @cresaljhaymaguray4699: Yung mga naka ads ba sa isang ad account mo sir is iisang niche?
  18. @JovenScottie1993: Good day sir 
Need paba pumili sa special ad category or ok lng kht Dina pumili bsta nka on
  19. @SwedyAlkobi: Paano.po yung A/B testing?
  20. @reymondelopre7830: Dko po gets ung ilalagay sa scaling campaign. Paano po?

- 10 Real Reasons Your Facebook Ads Are Not Converting | How to Reduce Costs & Improve Results!: Kind: captions Language: en if your Facebook ads extremely expensive what should you do in this video I'm going to be covering 10 extremely important things that you need to be doing with your Facebook or Instagram ads right now to reduce your cost per result now whether you're promoting a free op scene a webinar a lead Magnet or you're selling a product or a service I know how frustrating it can be to run ads and get amazingly awful results but not to worry in this video I'm going to show you how to fix all of that so today I'm going to be walking you through 10 main reasons why your clicks are not turning into conversions and more importantly everything you need to do to turn that around immediately so stick around because this video isn't just a one time fix it's a checklist you should refer to every time you want to launch a new campaign so let's dive in the first thing I want you to understand is that there are three players in the game one is Facebook the second is the user and the third one is the advertiser that is you that is trying to run profitable ads now the one thing you should know is that Facebook prioritizes giving the user the best experience over pleasing The Advertiser so by default giving Facebook positive signals from your ads is going to automatically result in you paying a cheaper cost per impression which translates into cheaper cost per result so now let's dive into the strategies you need to start reducing your Facebook cost per results number one don't choose the wrong campaign objective now this is a heal I would happily die on when when you're setting up your Facebook ad the objective you choose actually tells Facebook the type of results you are looking for so what that means is that if you want awareness you should select awareness if you want sales you should select sales if you're running a lead generation campaign then you should select a lead generation campaign do not select the traffic objective when what you are actually looking for is sales because there's a very very high chance that your ads are going to be extremely expensive cuz you are showing your ads to people are most likely to click on an ad without taking any action now when you say the sales objective for example one thing you would notice is that your cost per click will most likely go up but you really shouldn't panic and worry about it what you should focus on is your cost per results your cost per conversion how much are you spending and how much are you making in terms of sales number two is the use of different types of creative per platform now Facebook offers different placement you have your Facebook you have your Instagram you have your reals your stories you have explore feed right hand columns different places where your ads can show Now by default most people just upload the exact same creative and then it gets chopped off and looks super awful across devices thereby causing bad user experience I remember what we said at the beginning of the video which is that Facebook hits anything that causes bad user experience so they would make your ads expensive so what you want to do is to make sure you customize your creative for the different platform but one thing you can do the easiest thing you can do is to make sure that your creative is in the Square format when it's in the Square format it tends to at least work across most of all the other platforms so that is an option if not what you can do is to just make sure you customize your creative P platform for your reals for your stories you have your portrait mode and then for your feed your explore you have the square version number three you want to make sure you ensure congruence between your ads and your landing page so that means they need to match the copy and your design has to match between your ads and your landing page so your ad promises one thing your landing page has to deliver that thing because if your landing page delivers something else even if it is something as simple as having a blue themed image and then your landing page is yellow themed people can bounce off due to lack of trust and that automatically signals Facebook that they having bad user experience and your ad gets expensive by the way if you're enjoying this video so far don't forget to give me a thumbs up as that is you signaling to YouTube that you like this type of video and you want to see more videos like it you should also don't forget to subscribe so that you can get notified when I release new videos on my channel so let's get back into our video number four one important thing you need to do is expand your audience size now the truth is that targeting larger audience especially for your code audience would definitely reduce your cost by Impressions which is going to give you cheaper cost per result Facebook actually doesn't like people even using targeting right now because they had issues since the iOS 14 update you have less targeting options so I always advise people try to make sure for your audience which is usually displayed right here estimated audience size it should definitely be more than 300, 400,000 and above of course if you have a high budget you definitely want to make sure you have at least 1 million and above in terms of audience size because if you make your audience size too small for whatever reason it is your ads are going to be extremely expensive now of course this doesn't counts for warm ads and retargeting ads your audience is always going to be small and because of that your cper click your cper impression is going to be expensive but your cost per results which is your cost per sales is always going to be cheap so for audience expansion you do that for your code audience and if you have any reason why you want to really really streamline what you can do is the creating based targeting where you use your creative to actually call out your audience to make sure they know that you are talking to them as against trying to shrink your audience site into 10,000 50,000 cuz your ads will just be very very expensive number five you just want to make sure you create ads now Facebook determines ad quality by using user feedback and engagement rates so postive feedbacks like clicks likes saves can lower your CPM while negative feedbacks like them hiding your ad or marking it as I've seen this ad for too long or this doesn't relate to me whatever that option is is going to result in negative feedback which would make your ads expensive now you can check ad quality metrics on Facebook using this option which is usually found under the ads level you have the quality ranking your engagement ranking and your conversion rate ranking now you notice it doesn't show on every single ad but you can see it on some of them now I don't necessarily use it as a yard stick but I just like having it just to check to see what is going on especially if the ad is not doing if the ad is doing amazingly well I probably am not going to bother about it but if it is not doing well and your clickthrough rate is lower than 1% for example then you definitely want to make sure that you work on that and another thing hidden inside this uh number five is that you also want to make sure you keep your ad frequency low because when people see your ads too much that's is usually when they Mark the the ad as I don't want to see this ad I've seen it too many times that kind of thing which will make your ads more expensive so you want to make sure you are rotating your um your creatives your copy as you are running your ads to make sure people are seeing fresh new things every time number six you want to make sure you test different optimization for example when you're running a sales campaign just like the one I opened up you have different conversion events you can select you have add to card initiate checkout purchases view content and the rest now by default if you're running an e-commerce brand for example you would want to select purchase but interestingly for e-commerce it's actually usually better especially for your code campaigns to run initiate checkout or add to cut that way Facebook is able to gather data faster of the types of people that are interested and then you can easily retarget them from the back end so if you're just targeting just purchases a loan and you see that very expensive you might I want to select other optimization option and events like initiate checkout like add to Cuts just to see if you'll be able to get better results of course you have to also make sure you are running number one retargeting ad number two you have an abandoned cat campaign set up on your website so that when people reach out when they fill the form to make a purchase and they don't complete their purchase you are able to send them follow-up emails automatically number seven you want to consider limiting your ad placement for your code campaign now a lot of people are divided their turn on this but this is definitely what I personally do so this option is actually hidden currently what you want to do is click on this and instead of using Advantage Plus placement which is what's recommended you select manual placement so for code campaigns you want to make sure you only select Facebook and Instagram you can also select messenger but I only use Facebook and Instagram I don't use Audience Network I rarely use messenger but if you're running out to your warm audience if you're running retargeting ads remarketing ads then you can definitely use Advantage Plus placement I only use Advantage Plus placement for my warm audience because what I noticed through my breakdown is that I tend to get a lot of clicks from audience networks without people actually making payments now just to put into perspective Audience Network ads are those ads that pop up on things like true color there are those ads that pop up when you are playing a game and you're supposed to watch an ad to get get to an extra level you know that you are usually not in a buyer frame of mind when you are seeing ads like that so that just makes them a bit of a hustle at that point in time and I don't want people to see my ad as hustle which probably explains why a lot of money goes there because there's a lot of people viewing ads to play games to unlock new things but they are not buying because they are playing games so I always remove it from my campaigns when I'm running my code auds and it has definitely helped to reduce my cost number eight is the timing of your ad now this is something that you consider not that you are doing something specific the timing of your ad campaign can significantly affect your cost per result things like weekends public holiday and even Black Friday can definitely affect your result let me give a good example in the past when I'm running ads I usually get amazing results over the weekend while sales during the week just sort of trickles in but in the past one year I noticed that across two accounts that I am managing once it's weakened the ads get extremely expensive and I do not get sales right up until Monday of the next week before sales starts picking up again so that is definitely something to also consider because a lot of times your timing might be the issue it might just be a fiscal year kind of situation where a lot of big brands are currently throwing money into advat once that happens they are going to be biding on most of the Poss possible interest while you are also bidding and automatically because they are spending more they going to show show way more and ads are going to get more expensive for you cuz there's a limited amount of inventory so you want to consider how you want to manage your ads spend within those types of period because when you aware of trends like that you can then schedule your ads around the cheaper period number nine poor landing page design now this applies whether it's a website or it's a social media page so for your website your website plays a huge role and there are some factors that usually affect it for example your copyrighting you want to keep it short you want to keep it clear you want to keep it sharp and make sure that your call to action is easy to see whether it is long from copy whether it is short from copy just make sure you are straight to the point you're telling them exactly what they going to get the benefits and the easiest way to get it at that point in time you also want to make sure it's visually appealing now you don't just want to make sure it is beautiful you have to make sure it is also functional they are able to easily navigate through your website and then most importantly your page speed you do not want to mess with page speed now there's a two can actually use to calculate your website page speed GT metrics.com is extremely amazing for this once you log into GTM metrics.com actually you don't need to log in if I remember correctly that might have changed though but I am currently logged in cuz I have a free account which you can easily register you just enter your landing page URL not just the website the specific page you want to send people to you click on analyze and then you get your results which is going to tell you whether your website loads fast or it loads slowly because one thing you might not know is that if people are having issues navigating your website due to speed issues they're going to bounce off which is going to tell Facebook people don't like your ad and your are going to get expensive and if you're running ads to your social media Pages you want to make sure you have your testimonials you want to make sure your post are clean your post are clear you want to make sure that the first nine posts has at least one testimonial or review so that when the person immediately opens the page that's one of the things that the person sees you just want to make sure it is congruent with the ad that they sold all these types of things are things that usually really really really help to reduce your cost by result and number 10 make sure you optimize your website for mobile phones this is something that I see a lot people build beautiful websites but those websites are not easily accessible on mobile devices and seen as probably more than 70% of your traffic is going to be coming from mobile phones you definitely want to make sure that your landing page your website is optimized for mobile phones if not people would bounce off and you are going to end up paying a whole lot of money for your Coster results because then only people with extremely amazing internet will be able to access your Landing P you also want to make sure that things like popups things like forms work perfectly on your landing page you don't just want to make sure they work on desktop you have to make sure it works on your mobile device also now i' like to leave you with two key points the first one don't make drastic changes to your ad just because your cost by impression is extremely high especially if your overall results is good let me show you a good example some people might say cost per th000 impression of 3,500 and say oh that is too expensive let me kill it on the other hand it has pretty much the cheapest cost per purchase which is 3,200 and if we scroll down to the one that is 2,600 cost per impression which is lower cost per th000 impression excuse me which is lower you can see that those ones are even way more expensive than it so you want to make sure that when you are checking your data you are not having neic reaction on things like your cost per on impression and things like your clickthrough rates second thing is linked to the first thing which is that your cpms are not something that you should be obsessing over you want to focus on overall return metrics like your return over ad spend and your cost per acquisition and there you have it I just covered 10 key reasons why your Facebook ads would have gotten expensive and the exact process to fix them I hope you found this video useful and if you want to dive deeper into other Advanced Facebook ads tactics I created a video for it and I'm going to leave a link to it in the description below so you can check it out thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @AyindeLuqmon [3 likes]: As an ad guy, 
I am learning more than I do in a course from this. Really appreciate
  2. @chrisofgrowth [1 likes]: I totally agree bro
  3. @Sapasenpai.: What’s the difference between using the sales ad objective and lead ad objective
  4. @ritasspacetv3175: Anytime i run ads i only get 1 like or 1 message in 4 days of running the advert, what can be the cause and it doesn't happen like that before
  5. @JudeJohnny-px4is: Can you give a figure, what range is high cpc and what range is low cpc
  6. @thesmartinvestors2151: Since I met you, I have stopped listening to too many white guys teaching Facebook ads cos most of the times they are speaking too many english and not what I need .
  7. @topeaghomatse: Very eye-opening! 💯
  8. @springhillschoolofadvanced7987: This is a pure and undiluted value from you Sir,. 

Thanks for the value!❤

- Bad Facebook Ads Performance? Here's What I'm Doing To Fix: Kind: captions Language: en So, there's been a lot of people complaining about bad performance over I would say last couple weeks now on Facebook ads. This is specifically going around October of 2025 at the time I'm making this video. There's been a lot of things kind of going on during this time. There's been a variety of different political stuff that's been happening. Lot of crazy stuff going on in that part. And then on top of that, there's also been a lot of things from Facebook itself of updates in terms of the Andromeda update that happened end of July. And there's also too been literally Facebook engineers being publicly transparent about the fact that there will be more updates throughout the month of October that I think the last update ends October 18th to be fair. So there just been a lot of stuff going on from a performance side that can potentially affect performance. Yes, we have seen a decrease in performance. Yes, we do have ad accounts that are clients that are not doing good right now. But we also equally have clients and ad accounts that are crushing it. And I just want to be very clear right there that we do have clients that are not doing good right now, but we also do have clients that are crushing it because there's been a couple people that just basically commented the fact that, hey, I'm an agency. Everything's perfect in agency land and all my clients are crushing it. That is completely false. We do have about 50% of our clients right now that are not doing good right now. But we also have clients that are crushing it. We also do have students that are crushing it. So for every account that is doing bad, I can show you an account or two accounts that are crushing it and doing good right now. I think there's this this first thing I like to look at here of what am I doing right now? Why am I making this video? and more just to kind of be transparent about my thoughts around it and then also to my mindset and kind of headsp space around how I navigate things like this when there's a lot of conflicting information out there where every day someone is blaming something based off bad performance. How do you navigate it? Because you can spend a lot of time going through this and it just being exhausting in the sense of like, okay, this thing happened today, performance is down. This thing happened tomorrow, it might infect performance. You know, Prime Day, at the time of making this video, Prime Day was last week, and we saw a huge dip during this period of time. It can be mentally exhausting constantly trying to keep up with those things. And it can also steer you away. It can steer you away from what do you actually need to be doing right now inside of the Facebook ad account. I really started running ads 10 years ago, October of 2015 when I launched my auto detailing business. So 10 years of this has made me pretty much immune now to like anytime people cry about Facebook ad performance. You know, at the time I'm making this video was last week for 2 days. I know that performance will be down because people have transitioned their buying habits from Facebook to Amazon Prime. So, how can we counter that? Let's send out an email blast with, you know, like a Prime Day special. Even though we're not on Amazon Prime, we can still call it a Prime Day special. And now we're having a a discount for these two days to counter and stuff. I won't cry about that bad performance, but I will be aware of it. And how can I counter it right there? For the most part, I've learned is focus on what you can control. Because even if you can't control it, like I can't control that Amazon Prime is having a sell day. I can't control that our president said something that tanked the stock market and also tanked results for accounts. I can't control there being a political assassination. I can't control the fact that Facebook just launched this new Adama update. I can't control those things. So me focusing on those things has no benefit for me personally. What does have benefit here is focusing on what I can control. And I can control four things. I can control the creatives we put inside the ad account. I can control the landing page. I can control the offer which again the offer is everything people get in exchange for their money. So that's the product, that's the bonuses, that's the discount if I do one. Um and any free gifts. That's the whole offer right there. So sometimes it's just changing the product, sometimes it's swapping the discount, sometimes it's adding a different bonus to it, and then I can control the AOV with like upsells and post-purchase things like that. That's what I can control. And as long as I focus on those four things, there will be times of the year where those things aren't as effective as other times of the year. But overall, year-over-year, we will continue to grow. And I will be less exhausted with trying to keep track of every single micro trend in the news channel that's affecting performance during a a downtime, like for example, October 2025, which to be fair, at the time of making this video, we're actually starting to see a big increase in in um you know, for accounts and stuff. Over the last couple months, during all this bad time, we've still stacked wins. For example, we had one particular account where we worked on this account for two months. Two months, we didn't find a single winning ad. And we even started to catch ourselves blaming all of these things of why it was a problem. We were testing new ads, but we were not seeing the result. We were not finding winning ads for this product. So, we were starting to blame the general mass thing like everyone else. Once we took a step back and we just really analyzed all the creatives we were putting in this particular account for this client, we realized, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we've been thinking about this completely wrong the last two months. We were selling a $70 device that keeps people's breath fresh. So just like a mouthwash, but $70. So instead of spending $5 on mouthwash, you're going to spend $70 on this product. And then the other problem is is the audience we were going after were men who were just trying to get laid. And if they use this product, it's going to increase the likelihood a female showing them attention which would get them laid. So we were marketing a the most expensive product in the space and uh for this particular desire of getting mouth fresh to get laid and then we're also marketing to a very lowlevel desire of getting laid which to be fair it's it's still a macro desire in terms of the size and stuff like that but the quality of that desire in the sense of like you know it's going to make really good customers is not the greatest right there. So what we did here is we pivoted and we went to cigar smokers because these are not smokers. These are cigar smokers. They're a little bit more sophisticated, more classy, a little more fluent. They have a little more money. They're used to spending a lot of money. And they just wanted to have their wife stop nagging about their bad breath when they got back from the cigar lounge. That was it. So from here, what we did was is we launched new ads focusing on this new demographic. And guess what happened? We cut cost per acquisition down from $60 to $30. All we did was change the way we were thinking about the creatives and positioning of that product and we achieved a better result with it. That's all we did right there. I had another student I got off a one-on-one call with yesterday. This one particular student was selling this device to help out with migraines and he was stuck at couple hundred a day. Nothing crazy in revenue. And then he changed it from migraines to better sleep because he realized a lot of people were commenting about better sleep. And he was able to go from a couple hundred a day to $1700 a day at a 3x rorowass. Oh, but Nick, you can't get results with Facebook ads right now. Well, how did that happen? What I'm trying to articulate here is that yes, you're doing a good job. You're testing new Facebook ads, but you're not seeing the results with these new Facebook ads because you're not really spending the time to do the heavy thinking, the research, and understanding your avatar and understanding different ways to position this product. You're doing too much of the same over and over and over. And then now with the Adromeda update, that's basically taking two creatives and like classifying as similar. And because they're so similar, you don't reach a lot of people because they're the same creative reaching the same people. What essentially happens is like you can't spend more, can't get really good results. So if we want to improve our performance, improve our efficiency, we want to create a lot of different creatives for various different types of people that's going to buy our product for various different stages of awareness. They have for various different stages of sophistication they have for various different angles as well. This gives the account a lot of variety that allows to position to or appeal to these different demographics of people. And the more people we appeal to, the more money we can spend. And also two, some of these people are going to convert better than other people. So like for example with the cigars thing where we went from horny men who want to get laid to cigar lovers and then boom, we saw increase in performance by switching that right there. So these are all things to think about when hey, if we would have just kept saying performance is terrible and no one can get results right now, we wouldn't have able to do this heavy thinking to be able to achieve those results right there. This is where I find a lot of people are at right now. They're testing new ads, but they're doing a lot of the same. Or they're testing new ads and they're just doing horrible tests. Like when we went after the cigar smokers, we didn't just do a a cigar hook and then posted the same photo as everyone else or all of our other ads. We literally went there and built a whole video ad specifically for cigar smokers, showing cigar smokers, all of those good things. And then we built six unique ads like that specifically for cigar smokers. And guess what happened? we found a winning ad through that. Other people, they play it lazy. They play it, hey, let's take the same video used 500 times and just put a different textbook on it. And that's why you're not getting the results you want cuz you keep doing things similar. I had another student who this particular student who's been just struggling the last 2 3 months with a new product he's trying to sell with no real breakthrough and everything. So then guess what? We went through some of his bottlenecks and stuff and realized he had a terrible conversion rate from ad to product page. So I was like, "Hey, have you ever tested avitorials, listicles, and things like that?" Oh, no, I haven't. Guess what? He started testing one. He was able to get up to about $300 to $400 a day in spend at a $27 cost per purchase, which is very profitable for him. It puts him at about a 2.25 rorowaz for that particular account. And now he can actually start to scale and spend more for an account he's been struggling with. All they did was start opting and adding in landing pages and adding in a little bit more of a customer journey to that and then boom, that improved performance right there. Again, I thought Facebook performance is supposed to be terrible. I thought no one's been to succeed and stuff. So, it's hey, we're taking an action, but now let's dig deeper into how we're taking it. We know we have to drive from point A to point B, and we still want to take a car. or we don't want to go to a plane or we don't want to go to a boat. We still want to take the car. We still want to test new ads, but what are the different routes we can take with that car to that location we're going to potentially change the result that we're going after? There's, hey, we're going to take a car. We're going to creative test, but there's a lot of different routes we can take from point A to point B that's going to vary the time it takes for us to get there. There might be a scenic view that takes a little longer, but it's a little bit more scenic. Um, there might be a straight shot through like an interstate and then there might be another one that's like through some woods and stuff like that. One might be 3 hours, one might be two hours, one might be 6 hours. Um, we want to try to find that shorter route right there between point A and point B. And that's all about taking different route with the same action we're taking now. And that's what I really want to to, you know, kind of spark and talk about in today's video right there. Um, I would also just be like looking at relevance right now. Right now, we're in October of 2025. October 20th is usually when gifting ads start to take off. So, if your product is can be positioned as a gifting product, this is where we want to start pushing gifting ads right now. I have another student who's testing a brand new product right now. Didn't see any success with this product because he was targeting men. Um, I'm not going to mention the product name, but this product is, yes, it's a men's product, but men are not going to buy this product for themselves. This particular product, women will buy for men. So, I told him to go create a new campaign specifically targeting women only and loading it up with gifting angles to position for men. He went from getting no sales to five sales in a single day by just changing over to women and only targeting women and running gifting ads. Not, hey, let's take the same video and put a gifting hook on it. Go and build unique videos for various different gifting hooks. And that's would work for him right there. And then I'll say lastly, I had another student here who has been testing a ton of like UGC content, like AI content, and hasn't tested the long primary text with a native image. And so I told him to go try it out to test a different creative style for his account and also to open up more of like an unaware market right there. Started testing that. Literally, he tested two versions. One was focusing on like why women need to change and another one focusing on why society lie to you. and we're targeting women and and look just be very clear here. You do not tell a woman she needs to change. She will fight back on that. So the society one focused more on women empowerment and the woman empowerment took off and start crushing. Whereas like the one that focused on the why women need to change, that one sucked. He took action on the creative style but he he did a couple different variations of that creative style right there with different stories. If he would have only took action in the one that said why women need to change, then guess what? Like he would have failed and he would have thought, "Oh, this creative style sucks." When reality is is that your copyrightiting sucks and what you went after and try to talk about was just not something people want to hear. So in that case, how can we align with what they want to hear by also introducing our product? So same thing for you guys. How many times have you tested, oh, I tested UGC video, didn't work for me, and you were the person that was doing the women need to change video? And it's like, well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe I'm not thinking about this correctly. Maybe, just maybe, that the words we put within that video that create the visuals for that video itself, that that actually has something to say and actually communicate to people. And based off what people hear, they're going to be more acceptable, at least acceptable to actually wanting to buy that particular product right there. And that's what you have to understand when you're creating these ads. And everything here, we talked about the cigar, changing the avatar with the cigars, changing the desire when it came down to um sleep versus migraines. All of these was just, hey, we're still driving. We're still creative testing, but we're just changing the route of how we're getting from point A to point B. And then guess what happened? It improved performance. And that's what I want you to be thinking about right now. when this performance is going crazy right now. And yes, you could easily get lost in the sauce. I remember back in 2020 during Biden election versus Trump and then there was the the riots and stuff going on during 2020. I remember for two months, August and September, I blamed bad performance on all of this stuff that was happening. And guess what? I lost almost all my clients in my ad agency. And I didn't take any action. I didn't take any action because I gave something else the accountability for the bad performance. I refuse to take accountability because it's easier to blame something else on bad performance. And if I blame something else for bad performance, I can mentally rest now that I don't need to go take accountability for the thing that's having bad performance right now. And because I don't have to take accountability to it, I can rest easy. But when in reality, what happens when you have that mindset right there? It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you horribly and it destroys your account. It destroys your results. And then guess what? You're just complain even more online about that thing. But when you take accountability and you focus on what you can control and you take different swings at the same action, guess what? Something amazing happens. You find new winning ads that help scale the business when everyone else is bitching about it on Twitter or everyone else is complaining about the YouTube comments and stuff. take what you're already doing now, but just look at it from a different perspective and test things you normally wouldn't test. Test things, you know, that just kind of maybe go differently than what you're doing now, but still you're doing the focusing on what you control. And then that's usually what happens what leads a breakthrough right there cuz right now you're just doing a lot of the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's not converting and it's you're still taking the action but it's not converting. That action's not working because the action's not working. You're not getting a reward from it. So, you're not getting a reward from it. And because you're not getting a reward from it, you're not getting dopamine from it. And your brain attached things to dopamine. So, if you're not getting dopamine from it, you're least likely to want to take that action. And then guess what? I get way more dopamine by complaining about it on Twitter and getting a bunch of likes and comments. Oh, I'm just going to keep complaining about on Twitter and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that because now I get likes and comments, which rewards me with dopamine. Now that I get dopamine, I feel good about myself. See where that goes right there? Yes, it sucks. Yes, maybe you have to swim a little harder right now. Like imagine if like you're swimming down like a mountain, right? Or like walking down a mountain. If you have to walk down a mountain, it's a lot easier than if you have to walk up the mountain. But hey, we still have to climb or walk over this mountain to get to where we're going. Yeah, it sucks, but we still have to do it at the end of the day. So yes, it might just be a little harder right now. And yes, odds might be stacked a little against you, but isn't that where the best success stories come from? When all ads are stacked against you and you still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crush it. Imagine the dopamine rush you'll get from that. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And hope you guys have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kanisshka5509 [2 likes]: i dont know why but one creatives works best for somedays like 10-15 and then it starts burning and then when i turn off that the fb algo crash and next 3 days goes in learning from start
  2. @JennyHansenLane [2 likes]: pivot for the profits
  3. @SanjaykumarLamboria [1 likes]: how to create a landing page? which website to use?
  4. @camiloramirez8907 [1 likes]: Hey brother, I love your videos 🙌
It would be amazing if you could add a Spanish audio track to all your videos whenever possible.
You bring so much value, seriously.
I’m watching your video “Research Strategy To Scale Facebook Ads to $10k+ Days” on YouTube, but it doesn’t have a Spanish translation. Thanks for all you share!
  5. @carolejackson8357 [1 likes]: 😅 i came on to learn how to avoid the forced ads on Facebook.  When they don't have an option to close the add, it doesn't make me more likely to buy. A forced presentation of an offer is nothing but annoying.

Obviously i must be in the wrong place
  6. @DannyJamezz [1 likes]: Hey bro have you seen improvements when consolidating everything in 1 CBO advertorials, static, and UGC all in 1 ?
  7. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Hey Nick... Is it best we have 3 creative images for a 3:2:2 Flexible Ad, can we try 5 images so 5:2:2? OR INSTEAD, should we do 1 Flexible AD at 3:2:2 AND 2nd flexible AD at 2:2:2 -- both Flexible ads having exact same primary text and headlines for variable testing? Only splitting up 5 images?
  8. @khann7 [1 likes]: Thank you
  9. @user-xs7ws4mn8x [1 likes]: I just started running send message ads and it was going well, but eventually it started sending me a bunch of grandmas.  My ideal audience is set to 30-45 using advantage+ audience, yet out of the 50 messages i got 26 are grandmas and 23 are within my ideal age range :( ... i recently updated the caption in my Ad to Only for men and women age 30-45 to add friction and stop Grandmas from clicking send message.  Any thoughts how i can improve, I'm new to this, my creative works decent, I'm getting 8$ per message with people in my Age Range, but grandmas are 3$ so i guess it just throttles grandmas.  Very mentally exhausting. I was able to get some clients, but i feel the effieceny could be way better, and im worried the next few weeks or months will be just mostly grandmas
  10. @Chess-hj4gq9rk5l [1 likes]: NICK! Always supplying the sauce. Could I get in touch with your guy who gets banned ad account back please ? I’ll pay the price 💵 Thank you 🙏
  11. @zothandosimon900 [1 likes]: Hey Nick 👋 
Just watched your Andromeda Guide and I have 3 questions 

1) would the 3-2-2 ad strategy would still work post Andromeda? Or is just having a having 3 ads in a  adset better?

2) I didn't understand how you incorporated the multiple headlines and primary texts with an adset because wouldn't enabling that  require the Ad to be a Flex/DCT?

3)Is the summarised strategy a 
CBO(no hard targeting) with 3 ads(no flex) per adset ?
  12. @TEEZEEFIGHTCLUB [1 likes]: the goat
  13. @hmmmm-e2j [1 likes]: Great vid as always, BUT the background sound is a bit too loud imo
  14. @Frequently1 [1 likes]: I’m really torn anyone know why I’m consistently paying $100-$150 CPMs to show my ads? Is it because I recently remade my Facebook account? The niche I’m in? I’ve audited my landing page many times and cleaned up any language that might violate policy. 

And before someone says CPMs don’t matter, they do when they are that outrageously high. They tell us something is fundamentally wrong. I’m paying probably 4-6x more than I should so it will inflate my CPC and CPA
  15. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: So true. Can't be giving your power away. THAT'S life. that's the secret.
  16. @VibhaDevi-is7hg [1 likes]: what sunglasses do you wear (lenskart)..?
Link please...
  17. @areatech4398 [1 likes]: I got the idea from your last video and I went to run some gift toy kids products and the Cpms are just crazy like <150$- 300$
  18. @realbrain8979 [1 likes]: I just wanted to say I really appreciate the honesty at the beginning of the video. It shows how confident you are about your agency and someone insecure would only focus on the few clients doing great. Really speaks volumes about your agency
  19. @dragola-yt7985 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, What are your thoughts on calculating the TAM, using budget allocation models, forecasting?

cause I feel like these are just made for justifying the budget taken from the investors and it doesn't help much in advertising industry, I think live data is what matters most
  20. @OGmatt123: Nick I got 2 questions for ya man, 1-If I have winning ad in a campaign taking all the spend but want to try to give other ads a chance to spend, all under one adset, is it ok to do 5$ minimum spend on campaign level I think other ads may have chance to do good as well.
2-For my product, woman are buying it for themself, they use everyday and it can be gifted to other woman as a gift this Q4, is it good idea to have same product Post Purchase Upsell with additional discount gift angle? Head line like “gift and get extra % off today”

- How to ACTUALLY Optimize Facebook Ads in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en in the last 30 days this e-commerce business spent $ 76,7 63 on Facebook ads to drive $239,000 in Revenue that's a 3.82 return on ad spend at scale better yet they did all of this with a $47 cost per acquisition today's video I'm going to break down how I've optimized this account and how I'm checking on it on a regular basis this is not going to be the sexiest video I'm going to tell you very straight up this video instead is going to be the real raw truth of exactly how you need to optimize your ads no matter how you're set up this comes down to a few fundamentals the very first and most important thing is actually looking at the right metrics at the right time what this actually creates is this really weird setup where you're not actually tracking to your exact goal the very first thing we're going to do is I'm going to show you so you can literally pause this video and copy and paste my exact columns these columns are going to help you optimize and they're going to really just be a guide for you if you're driving an e-commerce business forward so step by step every sing single column that I like to use in my Facebook ads that I specifically look out across all the accounts now keep in mind you might have to add additional things in here if you're really driving for any special leads or if you're really focused on frequencies or different things that are going on sure add different columns in here these are just my core this is what I treat as like my Holy Grail of all column sets first off most obvious ones that are mandatory are the onoff button the campaign the First Column set that is custom is delivery it tells me if there are any problems within this specific campaign and it actually also follows down to the the adset level and the ad level furthermore it's actually going to show when things are in learning versus when things are active so if something's out of learning it will actually say active as it does right here and then when something's in learning I can just hover over it really really easily and see how many conversions I have left get through the learning phase this is a perfect example the last time we made a significant edit to this campaign was 3 days ago and it's driven 12 conversions since that significant edit this is going to drive its 50 conversions actually quite quickly based on the result that is driving for us so far and it's going to get through the learning phase and then it's going to be even more optimized than it is right now it just helps me keep an eye on everything that's going on in the account on a campaign level we have no errors here there's a few recommendations on delivery no problem the second column that's really important here is attribution setting so this is just going to tell us what attribution setting we have in this account a big part of the second half of this video is going to be the right attribution to set and actually how to optimize using different attribution modes which stick with me is going to be critical but you have to have these columns set up properly to actually optimize effectively bid strategy is my next column the one thing that's a little Annoying about bid strategy is when you're looking at a campaign level you're seeing a lot of using adset bid strategies when we're using cost caps for certain campaigns you move into the actual adsets you do see these are some old campaigns you see they're off here they were running on highest volume and now for the most part we're using cost per results or cost caps next piece budget most important thing that you need to see holistically all the time again we're seeing this more on the adset level but we can see all the the budgets that we're running in one place very important amount spent First Column every single time it's your most important metric next purchases I like to have the core so in this case the purchase and then I have the cost per purchase next purchase conversion value which is basically your Revenue purchase Ras or return on ad spend link click through rates followed by cost per click but not cost per click all it should be cost per link click that's very important cpms really a measure for how expensive advertising is for you really based on how great their brand is and how effective their marketing is it's really just important to understand is it trending in the wrong direction or the right direction is it staying flat Etc next piece is Impressions we always like to have a little gauge on how many people are we impressing how many times are our ads being seen and then we move on to reach which is just unique impressions for the most part frequency one of my most critically important metrics that I love to follow is the average number of times someone saw your ad is literally just taking your impressions divided by your reach this is such an important metric cuz it really gives you a gauge of am I overspending am I spending too much on the same people what's going on in this business and I can tell you just to show you an example here this here is one of our retargeting campaigns over a 30-day period the average person sees an ad 6.89 times I'm completely comfortable with that we want to retarget these people we want to get them to purchase but then take one of our primary prospecting campaigns a frequency of 2.93 over the course of 30 days this campaign is doing a really good job of getting out there finding new people for us at a lower frequency which is really important next piece is just add to cards and cost per add to cards to be honest with you I don't use these as much these are just guiding for me are we seeing good signals early with an ad are we seeing bad signal because in 99% of cases if you have a low cost per ad cart that's going to relay into a low cost per purchase for example you have a $6.88 cost per out cart here and it's actually one of our most effective cost per purchases here what you have to be a little bit careful of is if you know if you're just starting out you're not spending this much money don't just look at ad to carts as some sort of measure for Success it's just a guiding force something I like to look at that's the full recap on all the columns we'd like to set these columns fall into each ad set and ads you can see here the same thing that we have the ad sets actually fall down at the ad level as well all the same columns makes it really really easy for us to see everything and that's why we always set up our custom columns if you don't know how to set your custom columns click on the column set here scroll down to the bottom and just click customize columns once you're in there you'll be able to use everything that I just broke down for you feel free to just copy and paste the ones that I use generally n out of 10 times but most people should be using with a few exceptions as I mentioned how do we actually optimize our campaigns how do we optimize our adsets and how do we optimize our individual ads the first thing the most important thing when we think about advertising is where's the money going we're spending a lot of money where is it going where is it fling to First that always happens at the campaign level what we always want to do click on our columns and we're going to scroll down to compare attribution settings it's going to allow us to just see the click attributions what we like to do is Select 7day click and one day view this will then break these down you can see in this column here we have 524 purchases 326 198 equals 524 these two equal this 524 now you might notice here we want quite a high number of view through conversions now that's a little bit concerning what I like to do and this is the really core thing here if you're going to listen and take away one thing from this whole video it's this right here always optimize our campaigns based on the click data not on the view data here's why Facebook and Instagram are super good at slipping in at the last moment showing you an ad right before you were about to purchase you could be at the checkout about to buy hop on your phone for 2 or 3 seconds give it a couple Scrolls see an ad and then Facebook gets credit that's a viewr conversion now that's one of the worst examples but on the contrary a click conversion requires that you click on the ad and you go to the website technically it could be a click and an engagement the most important thing here is that you know for a fact someone didn't just scroll by your ad real quick and wasn't influenced by it if they made a click if they made an engagement on that ad that is at least an indication that they interacted and that that ad helped with the purchase definitively that's how I like to think about it what I want to do here is I want to look at these on a 7-Day click versus a 1day view you can see very clearly when we just look at this campaign we look at this whole account by overall cost per purchase if we go over to row as here and we just were trying to make optimizations based on our return on ad spend you probably consider pushing more into this campaign cuz it has a four return on ad spend and you definitely want to push into this campaign where has a 5.24 return on ad spend you want to pull out of this and reduce here and reduce here You' want to reduce budgets where your overall return on ad spend is lower and allocate to places that they're better this is a very common practice there's parts of this that are true however you're going to do this a little different now instead of just moving all your budgets around you're actually going to look at the 7-Day click conversions and then move your budgets according to that what we can see here is according to our 7-Day click this campaign here despite having one of the lowest return on ad spend overall has one of the best 7-Day click return on ad spend that to me is a really strong indication that we should be spending more money into that collection very quickly and where should we be pulling that from I think it's obvious we should be pulling from this campaign here a very high view through conversion rise and a very low click-through conversion rise we're shifting money using the 7-Day click what's cool about this is you don't actually just need to do this on Ras you can do the same exact thing on a cost per Purchase cost per purchase is usually the easiest way to optimize same thing here this has the highest cost per purchase by $5 or so it's pretty rough from that perspective but look how drastically better it is compared to all of these costs per purchase on the 7-Day click it blows away almost everything the only one that it's close to is this top campaign here very quickly we're going to want to allocate about 10 20% cash away from these bottom performing campaigns number one number two and number three here and we're going to want to push it into this campaign at about 10 to 20% increments every few days until it balances back out again usually what we'll see when we do that is yes we'll see this one campaign cost per purchase go up so we'll see it going a little bit in the wrong direction when we're giving it and feeding it more budget immediately overall the account will get a little bit better we'll see a $2 to5 reduction in cost per purchase which is a significant deal when you're spending 70 100 $200,000 per month that is the campaign level anything you're doing at the campaign level could generally happen at the adset level if you're running a CBO Campaign which I know most people are running CBO campaigns then you could just sit back and let it do its thing here's what you need to do if you're running a CBO campaign and you're seeing one ad set get way too much spend let's take this example right here if this was a CBO campaign you might see few of these adsets get all the spend even though a few of the other adsets have higher return on ad spense and you might be tempted to say let me pause down this let me pause down this let me caus down this because they have higher cost per purchases or in this case using the row as metric you know they have worse return on ad spend there's a very specific reason why Facebook is actually spending your money in different audiences it's because it's influencing something along the way sometimes an ad is really good in the second position and you'll never know it what we are always hedging against is pausing down high spending adsets there's only one specific reason why you should pause down high spending adsets that are not returning for you let's say this adset right here as we scrolled through all of our column sets had a very very high click-through rate Let's Pretend this click-through rate was something like 4% and the rest of the account was 0.5% if that was the case it is such an outlier that Facebook's going to naturally think that this campaign is better than everything else it's going to allocate all the spend to it really really quickly because the signal that it's telling Facebook is that this is so engaging and it's going to convert equally what will have to happen is this campaign or this adset will have to get out of the learning phase and then once it gets out of the learning phase it will then recognize that oh even though the click theough rate's high it's not converting as well what we need to do is we need to get ahead of that we can't wait for 25 purchases every single time we make a change cuz to be honest we'd always be sitting in the learning phase and we never get ahead of the algorithm right that would really hurt us what we need to make sure is we're always checking our click D rates and our cpcs if we see a huge difference in this and that's a really strong indication hey maybe this is a time when we can pause down this adset if this had a very low return on ad spend which would be right here and it had a very high click through rate and it was spending a lot then yes I would not have a problem pausing this St moving on to our actual ads inside this one ad set how do you decide which ads to kill and which ads to keep first the very easiest way to think about this is you always want to keep the highest spending ads unless they're really truly not converting at a click-based level this exactly this works so well cuz we just did a big round of optimizations here you could see actually pause two of our top four ads the number one and number two ad are doing very very well from a click base and a view base in terms of cost per purchase and in total number purchases and in total volume these two ads have driven a collected $27,000 of a total of $664,000 across this entire ad set what I'm a little concerned about and why we paused and sat down was right here is if you look at the return on ad spend not only is it low on a view it's low on a click much lower than our average on so what we went ahead and did was we're pausing the worst click base converting ads that have very low spend and not high return on that spend we scroll all the way down to the bottom here you can see that a lot of these were showing signal of really they weren't going to pick up that's just the truth of it they were all spending 20 3040 $50 it adds up if you think about it we're not driving the adequate purchases that we need we saw a couple possible winners down here so we see these three ads which we kept live they were only spending $50 or so over the last 30 days they're really truly Autumn feeders they're not doing that much for us you know they drove a few purchases there's really no harm in just letting these run for a little bit longer and seeing if they do pick up the thing that we don't want to get ahead of ourselves on is we never want to take these ads these driving ads these are like four of this entire ad set maybe even the core of this account if we pause these down think about how drastic of a change that is to the entire adset to the entire campaign to the entire algorithm that can fundamentally change where all the money goes now Facebook has to distribute an extra six or more thousands of dollars to different ads quickly cuz you're not saying hey go spend this money over time you're saying go spend this money right now because this is a daily spend Target that you have set so we have to be very careful whenever we're adjusting ads especially when we're adjusting our top ads if you got value out of this video or if you have any questions let me know in the comments below I try to reply to everything and I will see you all in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l63
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l63
  2. @danielyossef1165 [1 likes]: incredible - earned that sub fair and square, keep going man
  3. @AutoNaRovinu [1 likes]: This video is such a forward-thinking gem! Optimizing Facebook Ads sounds like it's going to be quite the adventure in 2025. I love how the strategies keep evolving along with the platform. Can't wait to hear about the new tricks and techniques that will keep us ahead of the curve! Thanks for sharing these insights. Anyone else excited about leveraging these strategies for their future campaigns?
  4. @qalivlogs8894: Super value ❤
  5. @MarkoZahorodni-w9y: Hello, how do you manage to have that low CPMs with purchase conversion campaign. Mine start around 45usd, is it about optimization and spending enough money or?
  6. @VictoriaWest-w3e9m: Really appreciate the emphasis on evolving strategies for 2025, especially with the platform constantly changing. Any advice on adapting to future privacy updates and minimizing data loss? Perhaps a video on cookieless tracking methods would be great!
  7. @Kara-x8g: Really appreciate the forward-thinking approach to Facebook ads in 2025! Considering the constant algorithm updates, what are your thoughts on the increasing importance of first-party data for ad personalization and targeting in the coming years? I'm curious to hear how businesses can effectively leverage their own data to stay ahead.
  8. @vivek.gaitonde: Do you have any suggestions on or have you created a tutorial on choosing ad sets for the campaigns?
  9. @MdTajulIslam-i1x8e: Brilliant breakdown!
  10. @MałgorzataSobczak-q5s: ty for the video
  11. @the1bradclark: Okay, I’ve watched most of your videos. Which do you recommend for someone launching his first Meta ads campaign?
  12. @10cooltech90: which means based on CPA, cpa decide to spend more or less, on or off.
  13. @ellinahopkin: Which country you are targeting as cpms are very low or their are any trick to get this low cpm
  14. @HồViệt-d4o: Your roas is so high
  15. @sanyatrunya: Good video! 

But to be completely honest August 2024 was probably the last actually strong month before Meta introduced so many updates and had so many major outages that it is like showing 2020 results…
  16. @a.mohamedrifai: Hi, I notice you're using cost per result as your bidding strategy for some ad sets. When do you choose cost per result bidding, and when do you opt for the highest volume bid instead?
  17. @maxpachucki6435: What sort of accounts do you use to hit <$10 CPM?
  18. @1983baubau: Hi Sam! Thanks for the vids, they've been super helpful! Question, when you continuously add new ad sets + new creatives within the same CBO campaign, do you increase your daily budget every time? Or can you keep the same budget? Maybe because I'm working with a lower budget of around 50-60USD a day, i noticed my adsets really getting squeezed for views, and some ad creatives within the adsets are approved but not even running. Wondering if its due to my small daily budget? Love to get your thoughts on this, thanks!
  19. @Storiesfromkanto: For e-com that cost per results are way too big.
  20. @girishroman7386: Do you have  a  IG profile

- Give me 58 sec..i'll improve your Facebook Ads ROAS: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent over $500 million in Facebook ads to generate over a billion dollars in revenue for direct to consumer e-commerce brands over the last 12 years. Give me the next 58 seconds and I'll show you exactly how I would transform my entire Facebook ads account to increase my return on ad spend and scale. First, I would create a scale campaign. Next, I'd create a prospecting CBO campaign. Then, I would create a retargeting campaign. And finally, I would create a retention campaign. The next thing I would do is figure out a workflow to create new ads every single week. I would analyze those ads using incremental attribution and new audience breakdowns. And then once I figured out which ads are truly the best, I would graduate them into my scale campaign and into new single interest adsets. Once my system is fully in place, I would set a return on ad spend target. And whenever I am above that target, I would increase my scale by anywhere from 20 to even 100% every 2 to 3 days. And finally, I would repeat this process every single week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l89
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l89
  2. @JakobKassElias [1 likes]: I have a good question: Why use CBO for testing 
and create a separate winning ads campaign? Why not use ABO with a broad audience — and then simply scale the winning ad set or creative pack? That way, we avoid delivery overlap or the risk of the ad stopping its performance when moved to another campaign.
  3. @TrainWithChase: How many ads should be in retargeting campaigns?
  4. @lowebeee: hello from south korea! please upload amazon ads 🙏
  5. @dollarproduction0: We need a complete detailed tutorial on it
  6. @محمدمگديشو: this is super helpful for my ads
  7. @انااهلاوي-ث8ج: wow didnt expect it to be this easy
  8. @Themiracleplants: i can actually use this right now 👍
  9. @updateworld568: the tips were on point, thanks dude
  10. @worldcookingTelent: Love your approach! With Metrion, I've been able to sync conversions across all my ad platforms-a huge win!
  11. @FreshmanTom: wow this was actually really helpful
  12. @MudasarShaban4715: this is fire, i need this info
  13. @Pankajatai: never knew it could be this simple 👍
  14. @Amer9er: Love your approach! With Metrion, I've been able to sync conversions across all my ad platforms-a huge win!
  15. @otacurarity: i thought facebook ads were a joke lol
  16. @sandhyasai9571: wow this was actually really helpful
  17. @Muslim_vibes6: this is really helpful, i always mess up my ads
  18. @DynamicVibe-t1c: never thought about it like this, thanks dude
  19. @SosSos-b3m: i just need a simple fix for my ads lol
  20. @Arelssslmn: This is pure gold! Metrion's tracking features help me identify what works without the hassle.

- Give me 13 min, and I’ll improve your ROAS by 176%: Kind: captions Language: en Give me the next few minutes and I guarantee you that you will learn something that can dramatically improve your return on ad spend in Facebook ads. After generating over half a billion dollars in Facebook ads over the last 11 years, I've basically boiled down advertising to a science. And I found that there are four main strategies that you can use to profitably scale your ads through the roof. The first core principle is reducing your ad spend on testing. So you want to minimize wasted ad spend at all cost. So, the way that we're going to do this is we are going to set up a prospecting CBO campaign as the primary testing mechanism in your entire account. The way that this campaign is going to work is that every single time you launch a new round of ads, we call them packs. So, think of a pack as anywhere from four to six ads. Anytime you're launching that new pack, you implement them as a new ad set directly in the campaign. So, what we have here is our main campaign, which is Moonlighter Broad Prospecting CBO. Inside of the campaign, we have all very normal settings. Some things that you need to keep an eye out on are you want campaign budget to always be on. The next and only last thing that you need to set at the campaign level is your audience segment reporting. Just make sure you have your engaged audiences and your existing audiences set up. Where this really gets interesting is at the adset level. You're going to notice right away looking at this, this feels very overwhelming. There's 13 active adsets here and the majority of the spend is going just to the first two adsets. We are completely comfortable with the majority of the expenditure going to just a few adsets. You might say, "Well, what about something that I worked really hard on? What about an ad that I really want to make sure gets an adequate amount of spend?" Facebook is generally going to be right 90 plus% of the time. Facebook is going to do a much better job at reducing your wasted ad spend and focusing on the best performing ads. So, we have seen over and over and over again across literally over a 100 accounts at this point that this system allows the best performing ads to rise to the top. It just takes a few extra days. So, deploying a little bit of patience here works great. And I'm going to share with you one hot tip so you could actually force spend if you really feel the need to. So you can go into your adset and scroll down to the budget and schedule section. Then you're going to see ads set spending limits right here. Click and select adset spending limits and set a daily minimum. Be very very careful here. In fact, in most cases, this minimum could be just $10. You do not want to give this $50 or $100 a day and force a bunch of spend on it. It's going to significantly hurt the rest of your adsets in this core campaign. The reason this works so incredibly well is because now we have a hyperco competitive ad account. All of our ads that are prospecting are competing against one another, ultimately only allowing the top performing ads to actually rise to the top of your account. The second structural mechanism that I see to be most important right now across nearly every single e-commerce account that I've ever audited and especially accounts that we manage here at the Moonlighters is you need to have a scaling mechanism. A scaling mechanism in short is a place to graduate your top performing creatives. A scaling mechanism has to be managed very meticulously. You can't just take creatives that you think are going to work and throw them at the top. So, if you've been watching my channel for a little bit here, you've seen this chart before, but this concept changes constantly. What's critical here is we need to have at all times, this is a core fundamental for what we absolutely need to have. We need to be taking those packs of creative, take the best performing creatives, push them into a winner's bucket, and graduate them into a scaling campaign at the top of the account. Your scaling campaign is a single broad campaign. It has no adsets. It has nothing else mixed into it. No special targeting. Unless there's a very, very nuanced case for you where you can only target females or you can only target over a certain age. Generally, this is meant to be as broad as possible. Now, there's two questions we get asked all the time. One, what do I do with the ads that I graduate? And two, how do I determine when to actually graduate an ad? To answer your very first question, when you take a creative that is high performing, let's here pretend that creative number one is high performing. The last thing that you want to do is X that creative or pause that creative where it's actively working well. A general rule of thumb that you must follow in Facebook ads is never pause it if it's working. Don't fix it if it's not broken. So, what does that mean for this? When we graduate this ad into the scaling mechanism, we leave it existing in two different places at the same time. It's completely okay. Okay, the ad is proven to work. It has social proof. Let it continue to run. Never jeopardize your performance just because you want things to be a little bit more organized. And to actually determine what ads you should graduate to the top of your account, I want you to go into your prospecting CBO campaign, go to all of your ads at once, and then select a time frame from the last time you did a graduation. Meaning, if the last time you did a graduation was two weeks ago, then just select the last 14 days in your account. Sort by spend in your account, just like I'm doing right here. And then I only want you to take the top performing ads that are over the return on ad spend that you need and the highest spending in the account. So you can see this is one of the most obvious examples. This ad here at the top has spent in the last 14 days just $766. But that's the majority of the spend for this campaign and it has done so at a 5.49 return on ad spend. That is leaps ahead of everything else. So we obviously want to take this ad. We want to hard duplicate it into the scaling campaign. A scaling mechanism is fundamental. Without a scaling mechanism, you have this blob of hundreds of creatives competing against each other. Your scaling mechanism should generally represent the majority of the ad spent in the account. But it doesn't mean you start it that way. You start a scaling campaign with a low budget and you grow that budget over time. The ideal situation for any scaling campaign is that is the core of the account with somewhere around five to maximum 10 pieces of creative. These are all really, really, really great creatives. they have proven to work and in most cases you should never have to pause any of the ads in a scaling campaign unless they're off-brand or unless something core changes in your account like you sell out of that product. By the way, if you want all these principles laid out for you really clearly so that you can share them with anyone on your team or really your agency even if you want to. You can click the link down below where I have the PDF of our entire M3 method including all the breakdowns that we're talking about today. really everything that you need to do to focus on minimizing your wasted ad spend and increasing your total return on ad spend. You can go get it down below in the description 100% for free. Moving on to the third principle that I think is most critically important and this really ties in number one and number two. So don't just skip ahead to this if you didn't go back and watch because this is key. You need to have swim lanes in your ad account. And what that means is structurally speaking, you need to have clear divisions between prospecting, retargeting, and existing customers. This has literally never been more important. Every single account that I've audited in the last 30 days has had the same complaint. We hit a wall when we drive to a certain amount of ad spend. So, the brands that we are auditing are having these same issues over and over and over again where they get to a certain amount of ad spend, whether it's $1,000 a day, $10,000 a day, even $300 a day, and they hit a wall. They can't get over that return on ad spend anymore, and they don't know what to do. So, you'll notice there are four main campaigns in this account. We have at the top a prospecting evergreen campaign. We have a retargeting evergreen campaign, a retention also known as existing customer campaign and then we have our scaling campaign which is positioned at the bottom here. I want to start with just the prospecting campaign. Now every single adset in this campaign is going to have very similar custom audience exclusions. This is going to make sure that this campaign is 100% new customer focused. If we scroll down in the ads set to our custom audience exclusions, you're going to notice I've excluded website visitors 180 days, purchasers 180 days, and then I've also pulled a list from Clavio, our CRM, for purchasers over the last 365 days. So basically, anyone who's visited our website over the last 180 or purchased from us over the last full year will not be targeted by this campaign. That allows me to know with 99% certainty that this is going to target completely net new customers who have either not ever heard about the brand or at bare minimum have never been to the website. I like this. I know that for me, if I put new dollars in here, I'm acquiring completely net new customers. The next campaign is our retargeting evergreen campaign. We go into this, we're going to see two primary adsets. The first here on the left side is visitors 180 days and the second is add to cart 180 days. The example I'm showing you here is actually for a brand that doesn't have a huge amount of spend per day. So, we're keeping these broken out and very broad, right? They're 180day audiences. So, if you're spending very little, you can group these together and push visitors and add to cart together. And if you're spending a lot, you can keep these broken out and actually reduce these time frames from 180 days to something like 90 days or 45 days. So, you're always targeting the most relevant people. What you're going to notice in these is that they're going to have unique settings compared to the first prospecting piece. Retargeting is meant to only target people who have been to the site or done the action that we're targeting for but have never purchased before. They have never handed us a dollar. They are not a customer officially yet. And the way that we want to define this within our custom audiences are to include whatever we want to target in this case add to cart 180 days and exclude purchasers 180 days and the same clavio list for purchasers 365 days. This is going to make sure that this again is only focused on acquiring new customers but these new customers have done something notable like added to cart or visited our website. The next campaign that is all focused on existing customers is called retention. What we have set up here in our custom audiences are two main customer list the same that we excluded previously. So we have total breakdowns in the ad account. In this case we are including purchasers 180 days and purchasers over the last 365 days from our Clavio integration. The key of this is that now we have complete breaks in the ad account. We now know for sure that prospecting is focused on net new customers. Retargeting is focused on people who have been to the site but not purchased before. And retention is focused on existing customers, getting them to come back and purchase over and over again. Each of these is going to have a different return on ad spend. And it's very, very important that you treat them differently with different budgets and with different targets. The fourth and final principle that has basically become the most important principle here at the Moonlighters is we need to make sure we're spending money when we're most likely to make money back. We need to make sure we're focused on spending money on the best performing days, the best performing ages, the best performing platforms, placements, landing page, etc., etc. This has never been more important because Facebook is a master at spending your exact same amount of money every single day. You cannot allow Facebook at this stage to spend the same $1,000 Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. You need to be putting yourself in a position where you are spending the most amount of money when people are most likely to convert. This gets complex quick. I would highly recommend that when you do this analysis, you look at Facebook ads, Google ads, and your Shopify data as well. The example I'm going to show you is all three at once, so we can compare and see if we need to make adjustments. Hopping into our spreadsheet here, we're looking at the last 90 days of data. And what you're going to notice really quickly is that we see a little bit of red here, meaning there are some days that clearly outperform other days of the week. What we generally want to make sure we're doing is we're putting more of our spend on days that are higher performing. In this case, we could see that this brand outperforms on the weekends versus the weekday. So, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday have the highest return on ad spends in the meta account. All we now need to do is increase our budgets to the tune of 5 10 or 15%. And see how the account reacts. I would like to do this for at least 4 weeks and then reassess from here. We see the same similar trend on the Google side. We actually see Google pulse up starting Thursday, Friday, Saturday. We see really poor Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. So we need to again make sure we're cramping down our budgets again 10 20% and increasing our budgets on the weekends. And then finally, we always want to cross-check this data with Shopify. We never want to just make a decision on platform data. We want to really be 100% sure that this is for sure happening and therefore we always want to check the Shopify data. So what I have here is total orders, total spend, and total shop sales. And the trend 100% continues to exist. We see very clearly Friday, Saturday, and Sunday have by far the most shop sales. We're seeing ROI, which is total blended ad spend divided by total Shopify sales. We're seeing that outperform on the weekends. Therefore, we really need to make sure we are overspending on the weekends and underspending on the weekdays. I know you guys might ask for this template, but this is something we only give to Moonlighter clients. It has taken dozens of hours of work. We've refined it. It is extremely extremely detailed. So, if you do want to work with us and actually get your ads managed professionally, go down into the description. We have a link there. You can apply to work with us today. Now, in this video, we hit a ton of structural principles, things that you need to be getting right. But the next logical step that you absolutely need to be following is how to create a killer Facebook ads testing structure ultimately so that you can take dozens of new ad creatives, launch them into your account and build on the strategies that we just hit here. You can click the link right here where I break down my entire strategy. This is a long form video where you can get a ton of detail, a lot of value in this one. And finally, if you have any questions, let me know in the comments below. I reply to all of my subscribers. of seaw wall in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rinku-w9x3h [11 likes]: Metrion handling tracking without devs is a game changer, makes scaling so much easier!
  2. @holybible3305 [10 likes]: Tried Metrion with Shopify yet? It's been smooth sailing for me, loving the seamless tracking.
  3. @IswarChatterjee [9 likes]: These strategies are killer! Using Metrion alongside them really boosted my ad game.
  4. @Dinhhuuthong2008-s8z [1 likes]: this was super helpful thanks a ton
  5. @ousmitv8124 [1 likes]: wow i really needed this info
  6. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l73
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l73
  7. @PetarNaydenov-v5p: Is this method is still effective after the adromeda update?
  8. @bengavrilov7096: Completely agree to keep the "winning" ads from the prospecting adset in the original CBO and let them keep running. However, won't it be an issue though for when we launch new ads to test? won't this "winner" always get the spend because it's a proven winner? the new ads we launch will only get spend if they are in theory better than the "winning" ads that we left in there, no? How is that effective for testing? Let me know what you think! Thanks!
  9. @rabiyashahidali7126: Very helpful
  10. @LeviForeman-v3q: I have a question, 1 of my ads that performs really well on low budget, but when I increase budget the roas triples. What do I do?
  11. @ashton_fitness: I watched 6 videos of yours an I am loving the content already 
Quick question!!, what should I do if my frequency is rising during retargeting even after increasing audience window to 180 days or even after  adding more website custom audience ??
  12. @HassanSaleem-z4q: this was super helpful thanks a ton
  13. @Dhirendarofficial623: These strategies are killer! Using Metrion alongside them really boosted my ad game.
  14. @gullzaibakram.: no way 176%? sounds too good lol
  15. @praveensinghjodha6581: i love the way you explain things
  16. @videozisekeje.com1: 13 mins for a boost? i’m here for it
  17. @TajHabib-m8e: this sounds too good to be true but i’m intrigued
  18. @SalifouAhmadou: finally a video that breaks it down simply
  19. @Arjunkardam-e9u: can’t wait to try this method out!
  20. @AbuhurairaHossain-w3s: 176%? that’s wild lol

- How To Optimize Facebook Ads In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to have the right optimization strategy for your Facebook ad account in 2026, then you're at the right place. My goal in this video is to show you my decision tree on when and where to kill an ad or an ad set inside of your ad account, how long to let them spend, how much they should be spending before you make that decision, and all the little things that could happen from late attribution to a ghost creative actually feeding another one, and much more. So, if you're new to the channel, you know, you know who I am. My name is Justin Lon and I'm the founder at paid advertising.com where we profitably spend and advise over $20 million in meta ad spend every single year. And let's get straight into today's video. So, I'm going to first start outside of the ad account and then make my way inside of the ad account just to walk you through this decision tree for how to optimize an ad account. Okay? And then I'll kind of walk you through all the caveats and show you some examples of that again in a real account of ours. Now, what I'm going to show you here is valid whether you have an e-commerce business, a local business, a SAS business, an agency, info, coaching, name it. Okay? We currently work with a little over 100 active ad accounts at the agency across all of the mention industries and we use this same structure. So now, would you have a CBO campaign or an campaign? Which, by the way, I have separate videos about whether or not you should use CBO versus the process is going to be relatively similar, although one is going to happen more at the campaign level than the adset level. So anyways, I'll show you both today. So when it comes to making a CBO campaign as an example, so I usually have one campaign per persona, product collection, country, region, market, or landing page or destination. Now, having said that, and let me just kind of delete that right here. I have one campaign for a local business as an example per region of operation usually. So, like if you work with a roofer and they've got two regions of operations and you make two campaigns as an example. Okay. Then adset for a local business, I'll usually start with 25 mile like 10 to 25 mile radius around the area of service of this business. Whereas for an e-commerce or an info or coaching business at the national level, we're usually going to go with broader meaning like we're going to target say a province, a state, a country, and we're not going to put any limits on gender and age. So really when I say broad, we just say location and nothing else. So the same applies to local business location, nothing else. Simply that radius is smaller when it comes to location. And then what I usually do, as mentioned many times on the channel before, but if you're not yet familiar with that, I do one ad set per ad concept. What does that mean? So inside of each adset, I have three ad creative variables of the same ad. So add 01, 02, 03 in this case. What does that mean? So let's just say I'm shooting a video ad. And I'll give you an example of that in an account in just a second. I'm going to have three hook variations of the exact same creative. If I have say a static ad, I might have three times the same static ad but like with a different background in the static ad. So one variable that gets changed across those like three creatives which are again pretty much three variations of the same ad concept which now that'll actually kind of lead you right here in terms of how do we optimize. So I'm going to select this and change this real quick because I think it's going to be easier for you if I put it uh with the right like wording. We only optimize at the adset level. I do not touch the ads. Okay, which means I will only kill or keep this, but I won't ever kill any of these. Okay, sometimes and most of the time in fact, you'll have one of these three variations taking up most if not all the ad spend. And that's normal. Okay, those should virtually perform in a similar manner because again, they're virtually the same ad with just one small core change with it. So what I do is whenever I launch an adset, okay, at the absolute minimum, I wait three days and I say this is like your cash constraint. You don't have any money and you're spending the bare minimum on meta, which I'll share what that bare minimum is in a second. Ideally, you want to wait 7 days. And here's why. So in any ad account, right now, when you go to the campaign or the adset level, say here I'm at a campaign level, so in a CBO campaign, so campaign budget optimization, and I put a daily budget of 500 bucks, right? Well, as Meta says, it says you're going to spend $500 on average per day. Your maximum daily spend is $875 and your maximum weekly spend is 3.5K. Now, 3.5K here makes sense, right? Cuz it's 500 bucks a day times 7 days, it's 3500. Where the caveat happens is here. You might spend almost double your ad spend in a given day. Like you might spend 800 bucks, almost $900 in a given day. And then the next day, that means Meta will spend less. So your spend might go like this in your first week or any week for that matter of running an ad. So if you only wait one or two maybe three days, what often happens is that meta is a little unstable like it it hasn't spent its full optimization cycle on this ad. And even when you think about learning phases, this could be a word that you've heard many times thrown around. Learning phases or learn being in learning limited usually gets calculated on a 7-day cycle on Meta. So that 7-day mark comes from the way that Meta optimizes its budget distribution as well as the way in which it optimizes its learning phase. So in an ideal world, you wait at least 7 days. Minimum I say 3 days because honestly in my experience the first two to three days are usually the most unstable. That's when like Meta is trying to figure out who to show this ad to results are really like up and down in those first few days. So then it's pretty simple, right? Whenever you've had an adset live for about 7 days, then you take a look at the last seven days of data and you ask yourself, is this within or above KPI? So, say you want to have a $20 cost per result, am I above or below this this threshold? If the answer is true, it's above that threshold, then you leave it on. And then if the campaign's performance, so if you're using a CBO campaign, if your entire campaign's performance is also within or above KPI in a 7-day cycle, then you can scale the budget by I'd say 20% if you're spending above $1,000 a day. If you're spending less than a grand a day, you can scale up by more, like 40%. And I even go honestly as far as like even doubling the budget if you wanted to if you're below a,000 a day. Now, if your campaign's budget is within or below KPI, then you can either maintain or descale the budget slightly. Now, if on the flip side, your adset is within or above KPI in that 7-day cycle, then you can pause this adset. Usually, it's spend enough money at this point and like it's not something you're going to want to necessarily revisit and then you can add it to a graveyard campaign. I'll get back to that in a second. The only difference is when you have an campaign right here, well, this optimization happens at the adset level. So, like you wait the same 3 to 7 days, ideally 7 days. Once again, if this adset is within or above KPI in a 7-day cycle, well, you can either leave it on or scale it up right here. Or if it's not within KPI, then you can pause the adset and then add it in a future to a graveyard campaign. Okay. Now, having said that, let's kind of bring this into practice. So, I'm going to open up an account right here and kind of talk about how many ads I'll usually want to have. So, as an example, this is a campaign right here that is optimizing for leads, as you can see right there. And if I go to the adset level right here, let me just kind of show you. Perfect. It's optimizing for a lead conversion event on this account. We know that if it's like a good cost per lead for us, it's going to be like 20 to 30 bucks. So, my rule of thumb is as follows. My campaign's budget is $500 a day. That's what I decided I wanted to allocate to this campaign. Now, my cost per lead target is $30 or lower. So, if I go $500 in daily budget divided by $30 cost per lead, this means I can simultaneously launch 16 adets, like 16 different ad concepts, each with their own like different three ad creative variables. I'll show you that in a second. Right? You can already kind of see some of these right here. This is a campaign of the account that the client has run on their side, by the way. Like, we're just kind of launching their creatives. I'll show you this um structure in a second because like this one is not our structure. this is them actually launching this campaign. So, so far I just want you to kind of follow me when it comes to budgets and how many adsets you should have. So, if you have an campaign, then it's like I mean what I would do is I would instead of putting $500 a day at this campaign budget level, I would just go $500 in my total spend, then I would go again 30 say divided by $30 KPI and I could be like, okay, well, I could have 16 adsets all spending about 30 bucks a day, which is going to make me spend about 500 bucks a day overall. or less. Right? This is like how many maximum amount of adsets that you would want to have live at a given point. It could be less. Okay? I could have only eight. It just means I'm going to have to if if I'm in an campaign, it just means I'm going to have to spend more on those. That's it. Okay. So, going back to this account right here, let me select a campaign. And we've actually been the ones running now for quite some time. So, I'm going to pick out this one right here as an example. So, now this structure is much closer to what I'm showing you right here. So when we have an adset right here like DCT 112 as an example as you can see I have three creatives under each adset of DCT12 V3 V1 and V2 right here. When you look to the right hand side right here okay and honestly I think it's going to be easier if I just open up the adset. So here if you look at the preview of all the ads they look virtually the same. If I click on preview right here and then I just start playing like right here again the hook right there. Okay. Okay, so we're talking about investment. This one, right? We're talking about investment, but what you can see it's different animations and a slightly different hook right here. And then boom, this gets into the same thing. And then let's play this one right here, right? Forget about complicated graphics. We have a Bitcoin AI indicator. So again, hook right here. Boom. Same thing. You can see, right, the first 3 to 5 seconds, the hook is the only difference in this case, but we have the same body. That's always how we optimize our structure if you want a meta. So right here, as you can see, we didn't turn off any of those ads. All we did is we turn off this adset because it wasn't performing well at the time. But and this is where I have my first caveat of the video I wanted to bring up. You have something sometimes called late attribution on meta. And so when it comes to the concept of late attribution, which is essentially when you cut an ads set and then eventually like two to three days later when you look back at your performance, you end up seeing, hey, this actually got me like two schedules or it got me two sales or it got me two leads, it's actually like within KPI. What do I do? You would just turn this back on. Okay, so you'd be able to just turn this adset back on since again it's having a good performance as of then. Okay. Now, another thing or situation I wanted to show you is this. Okay. Usually when optimizing, what I mostly often do is I go into my account and I'll look, I mean, last seven days. I'll filter by amount spent. I'll see which adset in an CBO campaign more specifically, right? Which adset has spent the most amount of money. And then I'll start by seeing like which ones are getting the most amount of ad spend and killing the ones that are like way outside of KPI in that threshold. But here's what sometimes happens. Like this adset as an example, right? This is not getting a lot of ad spend in the grand scheme of things, but it's getting a decent cost per lead. Believe it or not, this might sound dumb for some of you. This might sound, you know, normal for others of you, but I do often get the question, Justin, if I have an adset that is not spending a lot of money and it's getting a good cost per result, should I just kill it because it's like not spending a lot? And that's specifically a question I get when people are running a CBO campaign. My answer is like, of course not. Just keep it on. Right? If something is not spending a lot of money in a CBO campaign, but it's getting you a decent cost per result, leave it on. Why? Chances are Meta is probably showing this creative to a small portion of your audience. There's like a pocket within your audience if you want that is reacting well to this ad, responding well, converting well, and so it's not really a scalable pocket, which is why Meta is not pushing a lot of ad spend to it, but it's getting you some decent results. So, don't kill it, keep it on is what I'd say. Now, another thing I wanted to show you and use this account for because honestly, this is one of those accounts I love to use for a video because it has every possible situation that you can encounter inside of an account. So, it's I want to bring your attention to soft metrics. As you've noticed so far in this like here, I only look into my cost per result. Okay? When I talk about my target KPI, I literally only look into like am I optimizing for a lead? Then if so, my target KPI has to be cost per lead related or is this going to be a call or is this going to be a cost per purchase or a cost per install? Whatever that is. Okay, I never say look at your clickthrough rate. I never say look at your CPM. I never really say look at your cost per click. Here's the reason I say this. Okay, there is no correlation between your soft metrics being good and your KPI right here also being good. Cuz like here, when you look at an ad getting $33 cost per lead with this much amount of ad spend, comparing that to other ads here live that have gotten more or less ad spend, it's actually doing really well. This is an ad that you're like looking at, you're like, "Yeah, this is a very decent cost per lead balance to the amount of ad spend it's been having." But look at those three soft metrics, right? My cost or my clickthrough rate, I should say, is 0.5%. Usually standards in the industry say that you should like not have an ad that is anywhere south of like 1% to 1.5% outbound clickthrough rate. So as per those metrics I would have been like yeah this ad sucks right now. If I look into cost per click it's $4 which is honestly pretty high right like I have other ads that are getting like this second ad right here is getting like a 1.8 cost per click right and a much better click-through rate right here. But overall, this is something I can prove in so many different accounts. There is zero correlation between good soft metrics and a good rorowass or a good cost per lead or a good cost per schedule. None. You could have the highest CPM, the highest outbound click-through rate, the highest cost per click, but because those are so qualified, when people go to your website, they end up converting more and your conversion rate is through the roof, which means that your overall cost per metric is actually pretty decent. Usually what happens is this and then it'll bring me into my next point right here which is when you look into the combination of those metrics it can give you an insight as to who this ad is being targeted to. So right here when you compare this versus this okay you know what let me actually take these two as a difference or yeah I could stick with these two. Yeah. Okay. Let's stick with these two. This has a lower CPM than this ad. Okay. Which means this is reaching more people than this ad. But because it's reaching more people, it also has a lower click-through rate, which means it's costing more to get those clicks. But overall, we're having a pretty decent opt-in rate most likely on that website because their cost is pretty good. This one right here, it's actually reaching less people because its CPM is higher. But its click-through rate is significantly higher. In fact, three times higher than this one, which means its cost per click is way lower. But again, there's probably less people opting in on the website, which means that our cost per lead is virtually the same. So I if you just have to take a guess, which of these two ad is targeting a smaller, more aware audience versus which of these is targeting a bigger, less aware audience? So I'll let you kind of make that decision. Angle one is for sure targeting a less aware, bigger audience. Why? Cuz CPM is lower, which means there's more people. But these people click less because they're not yet like they don't know us as much. They don't they're not as aware of their own desires. And so therefore, they click in lesser numbers. But these people right here, there's less of these people. They're a little more aware, but they click in higher numbers because they either know of us or know of our product or know of the solution that we're selling or are a little more aware of their desires. So that's how you can kind of tell which ad is going towards a bigger more top ofunnel audience and which ads are going towards more of a bottom ofunnel audience. Now why do I say this? It's not really going to impact much in your optimization cycle to the exception of one thing. Sometimes not always. Sometimes what I'll do is I'll have an ad that has like a really like I'll I'll try to find one on there but I don't really see any on this ad account which is unfortunate. But sometimes I'll have an ad that is getting like a lot of ad spend. It's getting me a really low CPM, a pretty low click-through rate like this, and it's not really getting me a good cost per lead. But then I have an ad that is getting me a much higher CPM, a higher click-through rate, and a really good cost per lead. And what happens is whenever I kill, let's say, angle one in this case, that hypothetically speaking, low CPM, a lot of ad spend, a bad cost per lead. Then my angle six stops performing. Like this adset just starts to die down. And you're like, what's happened? You know, it used to be a winner. Why is it dying down? We often notice a correlation between like more top offunnel creatives and bottom offunnel creatives on an account kind of feeding each other. Sometimes when we turn off more of a top offunnel ad, you will see that like one or two bottom ofunnel creatives on your account just like starts to dip in performance and you're like, "Oh, there was a funnel there that I wasn't aware of." If this ever happens, turn it back on. Okay? You'll just kind of realize that your ads are acting as a funnel together in that sense. So again, this is something I've seen a few times in our ad accounts. Now, two general lessons I want to share outside of the ad account and just things for you to look over. So, one in ecom and one in lead genen. So, in e-commerce overall, most of the time if you have a product where you know the product works, you know it's not too competitive, you've done your research properly and you're launching at the market, most of the time if you're having issues at the start, chances are it's mostly a a creative issue more than anything else. Okay? the product, the page or the offer issue is usually only when your rorowass was high. You've been running ads for a while. Ads have been crushing it and then slowly like no new creatives you're launching seems to be working and like your accounts seems to be going down and down and down and down. Now it's like now it's when you would want to look into improving your product page, improving the offering, perhaps launching new products or collections or this and that. But new brand usually you should be focusing entirely on creatives. Legen is where it's a little different. I'd say lead genen has more importance to the variable of the landing page than ecom early on where like in lead genen whatever you say on the landing page slash the offer that you have in my experience has been more important in like info coaching service businesses than it has been in ecom early on like ecom is very creative driven whereas like lead genen is much more offer driven because one you're buying a service or consulting or education which is a little bit more like in the air if you want a little less tangible than buying a product. So when people are getting like a physical outcome, a physical product, it's much easier for you to kind of justify that through an ad creative. So having said that, it's kind of one caveat I've noticed through my accounts with time. So having said that, and both are important in both industries long term, like of course anybody in their right mind would focus both on creatives in their ad account and landing page offer product development to grow that business longterm in ecom or lead genen businesses. I'm just saying early on less product focus, less website focus, more creatives and ecom, and then kind of an equal amount of focus on both when it comes to a lead genen business. So, if you made it this far in this video and you want to work oneonone with me to have me review your ads, your funnels, offers, and name it, check out the first link in the description below to join my ad engine inner circle today. And having said that, if you instead want my team and I to run all of your paid ads completely done for you, then also check out a second link in the description below to join our agency. So, I'm going to wish you an amazing day. Do check out other videos on the channel for some more useful marketing tips. And I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmmielCORE [1 likes]: Hey Justin, I’ve been watching your videos and really like your approach. I wanted to ask: what conversion objective do you use at each stage of the funnel? Do you always optimize for purchases, or do you change objectives for cold, warm, and hot audiences?
  2. @zdeneksery7333: Hello Mate do you have any course for Meta ads specialists? :)
  3. @christopherpersaud6226: so for lead gen specifically local businesses, if im working with only one ad set due to a business's budget i will have to optimize at the ad level since i only have one ad set, right?
  4. @GuaranteedPPC: In today's environment, your best off spending your time researching why people buy, and figuring out how to speak their language in your Ads, then figuring out the perfect campaign structuring technique.  If you have the right hooks (as you have read your competitors reviews to know how people think), you won't need to worry about structuring at all.
  5. @alexdoesdigital: Justin my guy, share the editor?

- The BEST Way To Scale Meta Ads (from $300M ad spend): Kind: captions Language: en I've spent over 300 million dollars on Meta ads over the past 11 years and [music] scaled thousands of ad campaigns and I can tell you there's a right way to scale and tons of wrong ways to scale. Most Facebook and Instagram advertisers scale the wrong way and it wrecks their results. In this video I'm going to show you the best way [music] to scale your Meta ads. Let's get into it. This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. Okay, so just before I dive into my example ad account and demonstrate this, I'm actually going to very quickly go back slightly on what I just said because I'm going to demonstrate two different ways of scaling, two right ways of scaling and which one you select actually depends on your personality type as an advertiser, which is certainly not the normal advice I give. I'm normally giving different strategies based on different business models or industries, things like that, but I think it applies well in this instance when it comes to scaling. So you have to be really honest with yourself here and decide are you the type of person that cannot help but tinker with your Meta ad account, that feels very emotionally connected to the results? If the results have been good so far today, you're having a good day. If the results have been bad so far today, you're having a bad day. I know tons and tons of advertisers like this. I would actually say that most advertisers are like this. If you are one of those people, I totally get it. I've been there. Then you need to go with option one. If you're not, if you can be very level-headed and calm and results can fluctuate and you can remain steady, then you can go with either option one or option two. But I just wanted to lay that out at the beginning and with that said, let's dive into the options. Okay, so I'm here inside my example ad account. I've created a quick example ad campaign to demonstrate this. And let's say we wanted to scale this campaign. And what I recommend you do is go ahead and click the little tick mark next to it, then click on more and then head into automated rules and we're going to go ahead and select create a new rule. We're going to select custom rule, going to click next and then we get into this window here. Now, what we're doing with this automated rule is we're going to set up a system here that will automatically scale your meta ad campaign if certain conditions are met. And that's why this option is perfect for those advertisers that cannot help but get involved and make adjustments to their ad campaigns and often cause more harm than good because this is going to take that out of your hands and allow your budget to be scaled according to performance, which is what all advertisers really want even if they're doing it manually because they want to spend more when results are good, spend less when results are less good, okay? So, the first thing we do is automatic rule a name. So, I'm going to call this scaling 3%. You'll see why in a second. Apply rule to the one selected campaign. Obviously, we can get this to apply to other campaigns as well. And then the action. There's a bunch of things you can do with automated rules. You can turn campaigns off, for example, but this is the important stuff for us, right? Increase daily budget, decrease daily budget. I would recommend that basically always with your meta ad campaigns you're operating with daily budgets as opposed to lifetime budgets, the options down here. They're far more flexible. If it's working, you can run a campaign for longer, easy to scale and adjust budgets, many advantages. So, I'm going to go ahead and select increase daily budget because we're talking about scaling. Then we get to choose the percentage. So, I'm going to go with three like I just described. We can change that to a certain amount. So, instead of scaling by a percentage, we can scale scale by a fixed money amount. I've got the the pound the GBP sign there because my account's in pounds being UK based, but your whatever currency you operate in will be will be demonstrated there. I like a percentage increase when we're using small percentage increases because it's dynamic. So, if you were to increase by a fixed amount and as you scale up and up and up, that increase would start to become really small. Like let's say you decide you want to spend an extra $10 a day. Want to scale up an extra $10 a day if certain conditions are met. That might be fine if right now you're spending $50 or $100 a day, but when you're spending $1,000 a day, like do you really want to be increasing by $10? It's almost nothing at that point. So, I think percentage works better. Then we've got maximum daily budget cap. So, you can choose whether or not to use this. This is a ceiling. I never want to spend more than this amount even if my campaign's performing really well, they're continuously being scaled, then you can add this in for comfort. A lot of advertisers like this if they're using automated rules and Meta's going to be scaling for them and they're going to be not thinking about their scaling as much. And you can go ahead and, you know, pop in 500 pounds, for example. I never want to go beyond it. You could always come in and adjust this as well. Action frequency. So, how often do you want this rule to run? So, increase the daily budget by 3%. Do we want that to happen once every 12 hours? So, in effect, twice a day. I usually like once daily for a nice small percentage increment like this. I'll talk later on about alternative scaling strategies that are faster, where you scale in larger increments, but I think with something like a 3% once daily is nice. The increase in budget is quite small, not going to be a shock to Meta systems, unlikely to go back into the learning phase. You can just spend a little bit more and it can be consistent. But if you're scaling 3% daily, like put that into a compound calculator and realize how quickly your budgets can increase from a relatively small amount to a larger amount should the condition that we set in a second continue to be met. If you go 3% day on day on day on day, you quite quickly get to significantly larger budget levels. So, once daily feels about right for me, but there are other options. I would not recommend you go with once hourly unless you're generating an enormous amount of conversion volume in order to meet the criteria. And then beneath that, we've got conditions. So, what needs to be true for us to want our campaign to scale? Under what conditions do we want Meta to spend more money? Okay? So, the first thing is we decide the metric, right? So, cost per result is the default, absolutely fine if you're a lead-based business, for example, and you say, "Right, if we're generating leads for less than X, we're happy to spend more. That's a great result for our business." And if you're a sales-based business, so e-commerce, for example, optimizing for purchases, you could use cost per result, whatever it is you're optimizing for would work there as well. You could change that, for example, to return on ad spend, uh which would normally be a recommendation if you're sale-based and you have varying order values. Some customers spend more than others cuz that's the more important metric than just cost per purchase. Um but I'm going to go back to cost per result. That's going to apply to more advertisers. And then what we don't want is greater than, well, okay, so we would if we were if we were using website purchase ROAS, we would want is greater than. So, if our return on ad spend is above, for example, a four, great, go ahead and spend more. That's a good result for our business. Or if our cost per result, let's say our cost per lead, for example, is less than 50 pounds, that's a great result for our business, go ahead and scale. This is where it's really important to know your numbers. You need to know what does my cost per lead need to be, what does my return on ad spend need to be in order for me to consider this campaign a success. That factors in uh your gross margins, it factors in other operational costs. So, you want to know your numbers and have set targets for what you want these to be um so that you know what's good, what's not, when do you want to spend more, when do you want to spend less. One of the best ways to improve your Meta ad results is to model from ads that are already proven to work. To help you do exactly that, HubSpot and I have put together a free resource of tried-and-true templates that I've seen work time and time again. Each one includes the hook, body copy, and CTA, so you can take the structure, make it your own, and start testing straight away. My favorite part is that these templates are organized by business type: e-commerce, lead generation, local business, and SaaS. So, no matter what type of business you're advertising, you can find templates that are relevant to you. There's a link in the description below to grab it for free, and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video. Okay, so with this one we've added in the condition that the cost per result needs to be less than 50 pounds, um and Meta's automatically put in lifetime impressions need to be more than 8,000. That's just to make sure that the cost per result doesn't run when the campaign is really, really new. You hardly have any data because it could be scaling based on misleading information. Like if you just had a a really good day, for example, early on, do you really want to start spending more? Maybe, maybe not, right? So, that's been added by default for that reason. Uh but you can go ahead and remove it should you want to. Then we've got time range. Now, this is really important, okay? So, the maximum is 37 months. I absolutely would not recommend you use that. What time range means is over which time period will these conditions be assessed? So, will it be looking at the last 37 months or just at today, just at yesterday, etc.? The problem with going with the maximum is that your cost per result could have been fantastic for, let's say, 3 months, and then really drop off and get much worse, right? Much more expensive in cost per result. Now, if Meta is looking at the maximum time period, 37 months, they might be continuing to scale your campaign because the average over that time period, the result looks great, but if in the last week to 2 weeks, the results have been terrible, you don't want Meta to continue scaling, you want them to stop. You want them to to potentially do the opposite, right? So, what you use here really depends on the conversion volume that you're generating what's appropriate. Don't go with maximum, but you most likely want to go with either last 3 days, last 7 days, last 14 days. So, I'd go with last 3 days if you're generating lots of conversions. So, you have a good sample size. If the last 3 days, if you're generating dozens, hundreds of conversions, maybe even more, 8,000 of conversion conversions, then the results that you've generated during that time period is going to be pretty accurate, pretty representative of what's actually happening, and therefore we can use that to make decisions. If you only generate a conversion every couple of days, you can't assess the last 3 days because that's going to be potentially very misrepresentative data, right? It's going to not mean anything. You need more uh conversions generated to be able to look at the data. So, you need to extend the time period. Could be 14, could even be 28, um depending on the conversion volume you're generating. So, that's kind of kind of the scale. I'm going to go with the last 7 days as a sort of middle of the road. I think that's a good option for a lot of advertisers, but please adjust that accordingly. >> [snorts] >> Schedule, when do you want this to run? So, run continuously will run as often as possible, usually every 30 to 60 minutes. Uh no. Daily between midnight and 1:00 a.m. seems about perfect. We've got action frequency once daily and we want the the schedule to run daily as well. You can uh operate using a custom one. Then we've got notifications. This is ticked by default on Facebook, so you receive a notification when conditions for this rule have been met. So, if the conditions have been met and the rule is triggered, so 3% scale, then I get notified. Great. Uh subscribe as well, so I can receive uh a message, receive an email um that way. So, that's that rule enacted. I can go ahead and click create and that rule is now created and because we told it to apply to this campaign, it will now run. So, the way that you set this up is that if the cost per result is less than 50 pounds over the last 7 days, the average over the last 7 days, then the budget will be increased 3% potentially daily as long as the conditions uh continue to be met. Now, you can change those numbers, of course. You can change that cost per result target. You can change the percentage increment by which you scale. Instead of 3%, you could go with 5%, maybe 7%. I wouldn't go above much above that if you're going to be scaling daily, otherwise that could just be too fast, too aggressive a scaling plan for Meta's systems to be able to keep up. But, that's a really good uh structure to start with and like I said, if you can't help but tinker, this is the right way to go. Okay, so let me show you how to use automated rules to make this process even smarter, right? So, we've still got the same campaign um selected. Going to click on more and then we're new rule and then custom rule. Now, I'm going to call this one budget decrease 3%. Okay. Again, apply to one campaign, select an action. Instead of increase daily budget by, I'm going to go with decrease daily budget by. I'm going to do the same thing and decrease by 3%. Again, you can change the percentage or use a fixed amount. Minimum daily budget floor, so when what do we want our ad spend to never drop below? You know, this could be whatever. It's going to actually depend on your business, but like I always want to make sure that I'm spending at least a little bit. So, let's say 20 pound per day in my instance. Action frequency, I'm going to do the same thing, once daily. And then the conditions, right? So, if we're happy for our budget to increase, if we're generating a cost per result of less than 50 pounds, which is what we had with our scaling automated rule. Let's say that if our cost per result is greater than 75 pounds, we want our budget to decrease. If it's between 50 and 70 5 pounds, in this case I talked about it as a as a cost per lead example, that works for our business, that's fine, but not super exciting. Beneath 50 is great, really profitable. Above 75, we're not making much money. So, we're happy for our budget to come back down. So, you don't normally want to set it, you know, so that your condition for scaling is the same as it is for decreasing budget. You normally want there to be a bit of a buffer where things can remain constant, but again, that's up to you. Time range, same logic, I'm going to do the last 7 days to look at. Daily, happy to be notified, and there we go. Go ahead and and click create. So, with those two simple automated rules, we've got a smart system where if your results are great, budget will be increased. If your results are okay, budget remain the same. And if your results are poor, budget will be decreased. Again, you need to know your numbers, but this is a great option if you can't help but mess around and you've got all these scaling questions and you think, should I scale? Should I not? When's right? How much by? All of this. You can sort of remove that mental workload and then go ahead and set up these these automated rules. Now, there are downsides to this scaling technique in that it's not as fast as some advertisers want. And actually, I find often that when I'm speaking to people as part of my inner circle calls, they're the types of advertisers that want to move really quickly and want to make had of progress. So, they're wanting to scale more aggressively. This wouldn't normally be the right setup for them, so they have to take manual control and and they'll use option two, which we'll get to in a minute. Now, of course, because they're part of my inner circle course, they can just ask me, "Should I scale? How much should I spend?" and I can give them direct personalized feedback on that. But this is This is great if you do want to a more of a hands-off approach. So, let's talk through option two. So, instead of option one where we're scaling or decreasing the budget very frequently, so once a day potentially, um in small percentage increments, with option two you want to do the opposite. So, you want to scale or decrease the budget in larger percentage increments, often significantly larger, uh but do so less frequently. You also, as you scale up, want to change the percentage by which you increase the budget so that you're increasing by a smaller percentage with higher budgets and a larger percentage with lower budgets. I know that might sound a bit word salad-y and a bit confusing. Let me uh try and lay it out. So, let's say for example, you right now are spending $50 per day and you want to scale. If you're going with option two, I would have no issue with you increasing from $50 to $100 a day. I was literally talking to someone on an inner circle call yesterday and I made that exact recommendation. They're at $50 a day. I was like, "Your results are great. Double it. Go to 100." Let's say you do that. You give it 5, 7, maybe 10 days, normally in that range time frame. Again, it's going to depend on your conversion volume. Let's say seven is the average, but if you don't generate that many conversions, um push it out to 10. If you generate lots of conversions, you could look at more like five. You don't really want to do this more often than every five days because you normally can take a bit of time to get through the learning phase after you go through a budget increase like that. You will re-enter the learning phase. It's going to take a take meta a day, maybe two, to uh resettle the campaign, optimize, and then you need a few days on which to judge performance before you go, "Yep, we increased the budget from $50 a day to $100 a day. Our cost per result remained steady or only got slightly worse, but great, we're still nicely profitable. Let's go ahead and scale again." Then you might go from 100 to 150 again, then wait, see the impact of the results. If results get worse, you can either hold the budget where it is, or bring it back down. If results have continued to be good, great, you can go ahead and scale further. So, we might go from 150 to 200, 200 to 300, 300 to 400, 400 to 500, 500 to 650, 650 to 800, 800 to 1,000, something along those lines. So, what you can see as I'm doing there is we start out with quite large percentage increases. So, 50 to 100 is a double doubling. So, that's a 100% increase. Uh 100 to 150, [clears throat] we're adding on 50%. It's a 50% increase. But, when we get up to say $800 in daily spend and we want to scale from there, I wouldn't double and go from $800 a day to $1,600 a day. It's too large an increase. Meta's going to really struggle with that. It can cope much better with the lower budget amounts. So, that's where in the example I gave, we're going from $800 a day to $1,000 a day. That's a 20% increase at that point. So, it's it's much ea- it's easier for Meta to manage the larger the increase, which is part of the reason why if you're going to be scaling more aggressively and using this approach and taking more manual control, you don't want to use automated rules for it. This approach, like I said, provide- it does require discipline, requires you to remain level about your advertising, about your results, to not panic after the budget increases if the co- cost per result or return on ad spend has a wobble for a day or so. That's to be expected. You go back through the learning phase, but then assess it over the, let's say, 7-days on average time period after you've increased the budget, and then decide, "Aha, okay. Yep, it had a little wobble, but then stabilized. The result is still good. It's still within our target. We're doing really well. Let's go again." So, now that we've been through option one and two, and you can use either depending, like I said, on your personality type and which one appeals the most. I want to quickly run through some very popular scaling that I don't like, that I would not recommend you use, okay? So, option one is to leave the existing campaign running, duplicate it, and then run an identical version alongside the original. That I do not like at all. Meta does not like it either. When you use that approach, you have competing campaigns running alongside each other, you run into serious auction overlap issues. And I think when people hear that, they think of audience overlap. So, they think, okay, yeah, they're targeting the same people, so there's crossover and you're competing against each other. That's not really the issue. The idea of like bidding up the price because you have two campaigns targeting the same people is a bit silly because those same people are being targeted by thousands if not tens of thousands of campaigns right now. So, the idea that an extra campaign would make any difference is just that's not true. But, you do run into auction overlap issues, which is a different thing. Auction overlap creates a problem because of Meta's delivery system. So, what Meta will do to try and get you the result that you want, leads, sales, etc., whatever you've set up your campaign for, Meta will plan impression frequency. So, they might calculate that if they put four ad impressions of yours in front of a user across a 48-hour time period, they are most likely to get the sale or the lead that way. So, that's what they'll plan for. Now, if you have identical campaigns running to the same audience, how can Meta work out between those two different campaigns that process? So, like, do they get some ads impressions from this campaign and then some from this campaign? And how does that work? And whereas if that's within the one campaign within the one ad set, Meta can plan for all that. Meta's post-Andromeda as well, Meta's um delivery system is much more sophisticated in terms of being able to personalize someone's ad experience. So, working out this individual should see this ad instead of this ad. That's why they want lots of creative diversity. Much more difficult for them to do that if you've got identical campaigns running cuz again, what do they see? This type of ad from this campaign and this type of ad from this campaign? What you often just see is worse results. So, definitely don't do that. Absolutely you want to consolidate. There are other reasons even on top of those, like you want as much conversion data going through the one campaign as possible, so the meta can optimize better, so that you as an advertiser can make faster decisions. If you end up with the multiple campaigns, it's going to take longer. And then also, what's your long-term plan there? So, let's say it works the first time. We're going to do it again, and then again, and then again? I've seen that at many ad accounts with this process, by the way, where they have like 11 identical campaigns running alongside each other, because they just that's how they scaled. Each time they wanted to spend more, they just created a new version. Like, no. Please don't do that. It's not going to work. I also don't like just massively whacking up the budget in one go, which I've seen a lot of advertisers do. They were spending $20 a day, $100 a day, or whatever, and they 10x the budget all in one go. Meta system really struggles to cope with that. I'd rather you scaled an existing campaign instead of creating a new one, and if you do that and just massively increase the budget, you most likely see your cost per result, or your return on ad spend, get significantly worse. What ends up happening then is you either turn the campaign off or you scale it back down. The problem with that approach, as well, from a a learning going forward standpoint, is you don't know what your scaling ceiling was. Because had you gone through it in a stepped fashion, either with the automated scaling rules or by having control manually, but by doing it in a more measured approach, is you learn where your scaling ceiling is. So, let's say you need a 4x or better return on ad spend. Right now, you're spending $50 a day and you're getting a 6x return on ad spend. And you increase that to 100, and that drops to a 5.2. You increase it to 150, and it drops to a 4.9. Increase it to 200, and it drops to a 4.6. Increase it to 300, and it drops to a 4.3. Increase it to 400, and it drops to a 4.1. If you need to be above a four, it seems like your scaling ceiling right now is about $400 a day. Now, of course, there are things you can do to improve that, but that's where you're at. That's really helpful to learn cuz you go, "Right, if we want to spend more than that, we know we can consistently spend that and be profitable and operate a larger scale, get more customers, get more leads. But if we want to go beyond that, we therefore need to improve our campaigns and do various things." That's really valuable information. If you just go from small to big, doesn't work, come back to small, you didn't learn any of that. If you go through it in a stepped fashion, then then you can work it out and you can make decisions accordingly. Now, if you do scale and your results drop off immediately and often by quite a large amount um even at lower ad spend levels, this often means that your ads are good enough to convert warm audience or even hyper responsives within your market that are cold audience, but they're not good enough to convert true cold audience and do so at scale. And here here's why that happens. A lot of advertisers have this experience. It's because most businesses have, especially those who've been around a little while um or longer, they have warm audience. They have people who've engaged with their stuff before, that have bought from them in the past, even if that's quite a small number of people. Well, those people might basically buy no matter what is in no matter how bad your ads are, they might be interested enough to purchase anyway, right? But the thing is you quickly run out of those people. So, when you're at a small budget level, maybe your ads are mostly being put in front of those people. Well, the more you spend, yes, your ads are still going to be put in front of those people, but they're also going to be put in front of other people, genuinely cold audience. And if when you do that, your results drop off, that's the most likely cause. That's what I see. If you don't have any warm audience and you see that still see the same thing, again, within every market, there's a group of people that are so keen and so interested in what you have to sell or in what's being sold in there, they'll basically buy anything that's put in front of them. And again, there's not many very many of those people. You can't build a large scaled business off of that group, but you might have some initial early wins at lower budget levels, it might work, but as you spend more, um results really drop off. Now, the solution is better ads and better offers. And the easiest way is to make better ads, to make better ad creative, is to do exactly what I demonstrate in this video. It only takes you a few minutes to watch and then implement what I demonstrate in this video. It's something that you'll probably kick yourself for not doing earlier. Go ahead and give it a go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get my Meta Ads Swipe File for FREE (via HubSpot): https://clickhubspot.com/1d02e7
*
Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @r.g.6544 [1 likes]: Unfortunately, you need a PHD and masters degree now to do advertising on Meta! Way too complicated, constant changes, and people getting bombarded with ads, so nobody is really looking at your ad anymore. I stopped because it's a waste of time and money. But I'm open to reasoning why it should still work... 🤔
  3. @BrandonWheller82 [1 likes]: We spend $1000-$1400 over midweek days and increase that by 20-25% over historically higher performing days (Friday-Monday). If I don't decrease the spend by Tuesday we tend to overspend midweek. How can I confidently scale into the $2000+ p/d this way? I'm cautious about over adjusting ad spend too heavily and entering the learning phase which takes about 3 days to resolve.
  4. @inhTrongTrang: It worked, thanks for sharing.
  5. @marcolerin: Ben!

If you advertise a VSL with a landing page before, and you have measured for years your good CPC and CPL… imagine CPC 0,5 $ average, CPL <2. Now I’m launching and I see 1 $ or more… it is not normal no? Like, too much and I should create better ads right?

I ask that because it implies descaling also and asset that is showing ads with these results.

Thanks a lot 🙏🙏🙏
  6. @RandomGuy4964: 3% a day means 50% increase in 14 days and 100% increase in 24 days btw
  7. @dany08089: Lately ROAS has been dropping and it’s getting harder to keep performance stable.We’re considering TikTok Ads as a new channel, but we’re quite new to it. Do you think it’s worth getting into TikTok now?
  8. @marvinwilliams7938: Have you ever observed that an ad set can get worse if you keep it at a low budget too long? And that the only way to break out and return to initial success is to actually increase budget
  9. @fspworld: Will this 3% rule work to scale my best cold ad that is stuck in learning limited? My AOV is $749 USD so sales aren't frequent enough yet to become "active". I'm typically always in the learning phase.

- Managing Stress & Fear of Failure | Jack Canfield: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I'm Patty Aubrey and we're back here again for another session of Ask Jack where our community, whether it's Instagram or Facebook, sends us questions and we get to ask Jack for the answers. All right, so the next question, this is a good one. How does Jack, aka you, manage stress and worry? Well, not perfectly. A lot of people probably think I do. Talk to you and my wife and they'll tell you otherwise. Um we all have stress. And um basically we're living in a time where we have a pandemic, we have an economic turndown, people are worried about getting sick and their parents dying and you're getting you're sending your kids to school again. There's just so many things going on like that. And so I think we are more stressed. And the the rate of technology changing, you know, how something you used to do and all of a sudden you can't do it anymore because artificial intelligence came in and does it for you. Used to be we had call centers in America, then they were outsourced to Asia and now they're they're artificial intelligence answers most of the questions. So those people are out of work. And so I think the main thing is to realize that everything's constantly changing. That is the nature of things and uh we have to be willing to know that that's the case and adjust to that. So for me, you know, worrying is negative fantasizing of the future. So it's one thing to have stress. You know, life has stress in it. You know, even walking up the stairs in a building stresses your body out a little bit. We need some stress to stay strong. You know, when you lift weights, you're stressing your muscles. That strengthens the muscles. Too much stress, the muscles give out. You can, you know, hurt a tendon, blow your knee out, whatever. But I think that we can learn to deal with stress through meditation, through yoga, through eating properly so we're not having inflammation in our body, through fasting regularly. I know it's something you do, I do. Through proper nutrition. There are things that are like, you know, I take a GABA-Trol in the in the morning. It it's a helps it's a neurotransmitter in the brain that helps you be less stressed. There's an essential oil called Peace and Calming, Stress Away, things like that that I can rub on my body or diffuse and inhale and they're they're they're helpful. Getting enough sleep, you know, those kind of things. But a lot of stress is caused by your own beliefs, your own thoughts, your own fears, your own imagining things in the future, which is what worry is. Worry is worrying about things that haven't happened yet and thinking about the negative things that you don't want to have happen. So if I'm worrying about you getting sick or I'm worried about there's not going to be enough money to pay the staff or if I'm worried about you know, getting COVID-19 myself or if I'm worried about you know, is the stock market going to crash, which a lot of people are talking about, you know, whatever. If I'm but I'm thinking about the future and I'm imagining the very thing I don't want to have happen. What you do want to do instead is replace that with fantasizing what you want to have happen in the future. As Zig Ziglar used to say, worrying is negative goal setting and whatever you think about, you bring about. You know, and so basically where your attention goes, your energy flows. So we want our energy flowing toward creating our positive future, not our negative future. I was talking to a nurse at this about a week ago who works with cancer patients. And she said to me, she noticed that this was like a support group she did for kids for many, many years. She said the people when I would ask them, "What are you going to do after you beat cancer? You know, when you're in remission, when you no longer have cancer, what are you going to do?" And she said if a person gave me a really specific compelling vision like, "Oh, we're going to move to Hawaii, we're going to live on the beach, we're going to snorkel, we're going to go deep sea fishing, we're going to bring the grandkids over." She said those people by and large survived. She said if they didn't have a compelling future, they said, "Well, I don't know, maybe I'll start a hobby, maybe I'll organize the photographs, whatever." She said those people mostly didn't survive. And so there's something powerful about having a positive expectation, a positive vision. And so now more than ever with all this social unrest and everything that's going on, you have to be willing to control your mind, to really focus your mind and focus on the things you want, not with the things you don't want. And I think too, if the news stresses you out, pretty hard to watch the news. Turn it off. Stop watching it. It's like knowing that every time you talk to Bob, you get ticked off. Well, stop talking to Bob. You know, so we have a choice about where we put our attention. So we can bring less stress into our life and when it does come in, we can do the things that help us release the stress like meditation, yoga, stretching, taking a hot bath, watching something that makes you laugh. You know, laughter is a great way to release stress as well. I think stress is also is kind of a gift from the universe sometimes. You know, what are you stressed about? Are you procrastinating? Are you tolerating something that you don't need to tolerate? Are you in an environment that's not serving you? All all different kind of things. Like ask yourself, why do I feel stressed? And the worry side, I was listening to Oprah the other day and she said, "I'll only worry or go negative for 17 seconds or less because that stuff comes right back." You know, if you know the law of attraction, so whatever vibration you're in, you're going to attract that same vibration. So I would say scare yourself straight. You know, literally, like be happy or else. But it's true because we don't have a crystal ball, we don't know what the future brings. So why create a negative picture of what that looks like. I totally agree, but it's hard to remember that sometimes. It is, especially if you're watching a lot of television cuz media is very seductive. You know, once you start watching it, it kind of puts you in a trance it's very hard to pull yourself away from it. And so a lot of people sit down at 6:00 and 7:00 and like 2 hours of news goes by. And the news doesn't report all the great things that are happening in the world. You know, it's the fire, the flood, the election corruption in Belarus right now that's going on, whatever it is. And so the reality is that uh you know, you can take a break from the news. I think Tim Ferriss calls it take a news fast. I quit watching the news in 2008. Very good. I call you if I need to if I need news. Do you need to remind me? Okay. Yes, I do. All right, so the next question is how do you stop the fear and worry of what other people other negative actions someone else might take? Well, it's a similar thing to what we just said that basically we're focusing on the future of what might happen that hasn't happened. I think if you're going to spend any time thinking about that, ask yourself, how am I going to respond in a way that's positive for me, in a way protects me, in a way that I can move away from that. Um you know, obviously there are things that people can do that are that are bad. I mean, that's why we have wills, that's why we have contracts, that's why we sometimes create boundaries in our life for certain people not to be in our room as Stewart Emery says, "Who's in your room?" Well, don't let people in your room that are toxic, you know. And so if you think somebody's going to do something negative, sometimes you can head that off by doing something positive, maybe engaging them, um finding out what they need or want that you can provide them so they don't have to do the horrendous thing you might think. The other thing I would say is check out your assumptions. A lot of times we think people are going to do something negative or we think they're thinking something negative. Like, you know, you come home and your wife's in a bad mood and all of a sudden you think, "God, what did I do?" Well, maybe you didn't do anything. Maybe it's the next door neighbor or the grocer or the person at the pharmacy that upset them. But we instantly go into thinking, "Oh gosh, I better be careful." So check it out. You know, "I noticed you're feeling bad. Is there something I did?" Right. often they go, "You're crazy. I didn't" Or if they did, you're going to find out what it is then you can make it right. But I think in general, again, it's just a matter of like not going into the future and imagining terrible things, then you're going to feel defensive. And what happens when you think someone's going to do something negative? Your your guns are loaded and you're ready for it. sometimes you do something that makes the situation worse. I've never been guilty of that. crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think also I think a lot of people that are watching probably worry too much about what somebody else might do. You know, it's like I have a husband, I'm not my husband. I mean, if my husband does something silly or embarrassing, it's not me. So lots of times we take on, "Oh, if our kids aren't perfect." You know, if I had people come over not too long ago and the little girl was acting up and the mom I think was so worried about what I was thinking that she was taking it out on her daughter. And it was just a big story that didn't matter really. You know, so we we often worry too much about what other people think. Sometimes we just need to know who we are and where we're going and what we're where we come from, I think. I agree. Well, I hope you found this segment valuable. If you have questions that you want to ask Jack or ask Jack and Patty, please feel free to send them in and make sure you send us your comments or you can even post them below. Go ahead and share this with a friend, family member, let them know to come and watch this. And also like it, we'd appreciate that. And also we have this YouTube channel, we'd love you to sign up and be a regular subscriber to find out more of these things. We'll be answering some of your questions hopefully in the future. And uh make sure to go to our website, jackcanfield.com. There's a lot of resources there for you that can help you be more successful and achieve your goals, get from where you are to where you want to go. So thanks for watching and we'll look forward to seeing you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daniela-ix6yk [2 likes]: I needed it this.I was feeling so overwhelmed I thought I was going to loose it .Thank you!!!!!
  2. @PaleBlueDotASMR [2 likes]: Many People are also low on magnesium. I use the CALM brand, it tastes the best of all the powder magnesium. It helps me so much!
  3. @JackCanfield [1 likes]: How will you use the tips discussed in this video to overcome your fears and manage stress? Leave a comment below!

Need another resource to help you overcome negative thoughts? Download my FREE Positive Thinking Guide: https://bit.ly/35FrJ25
  4. @user-ee8fn7ry7y [1 likes]: It’s a must to build multiple streams of income especially in this period of the pandemic. Also, have in mind we don’t know if or when another pandemic can happen. So now is really the best time to start pushing a side hustle because no one can fire you from your own business and well your 9-5 we all know how quick they can get rid of you. If you have to work to pay bills by all means do what you have to do but make sure you get your priorities together. I've been doing that by investing in the stocks, bitcoin and financial market and I'm grateful to say I've earned a lot so far this month working with a Mr. Ethan Hartman through his registered investment company. Just do something that will make you money while you sleep, no matter how little. The pandemic has been a perfect eye-opener for us all to really see how life can be without your usual income stream. Reach him via his email address (EthanHartman323@gmail)
  5. @debbiesue9376 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for your thoughtful and positive responses. I really needed to hear this today. Much love and many blessings.
  6. @INSERT4LIAS: What about fear of not having something to fail at?
  7. @susanbrechbiel7033: Thank u Jack n Patty, great message, haha should have watched this one first, getting caught up, thank u so much! 😊❤️⭐️
  8. @josephmetry5036: Hello Jack, 
I would like to take Ielts test, and everyone saying is very hard, I would like to crack it and pass the Ielts exam with score 8. 
Ielts come with four parts ( speaking, reading, writing, listening) 
How I can start ? 
How to sit a right plan? 
I’m not fluent in english and I need to pass the exam within 2 month maximum. 
Can you please help me sir?
  9. @hectoraugustocruzalonso455: Very valuable. Thank you Patty and Jack.
  10. @helenmichelle1688: I love watching your YouTube videos! They have inspired me and still inspire me every time! Glad I saw you on the secret film as now I have been introduced to so much knowledge!
  11. @madhuaj27: Hi Jack, 
I am constantly doing what you say. Still sometimes just by listening to you gives me clarity and strength. 

Thanks dear Jack. 
Madhuri
  12. @jananigopalakrishnan2810: Hello Mr Jack! I am a regular follower of your videos. Here's my question: Thinking about future stresses our mind and body, well said. We need to plan certain things and have preconceived ideas to face few consequences of today's action and safeguard ourselves with proactive measures. Thinking of all that even in a positive way stresses out (Like too many thoughts at a time or overthinking). How to maintain a balance between staying stress-free at the same time safeguarding future??
  13. @sriharshahn55: Fantastic practical tips to follow. I was craving for this. Thank you so much 🙏
  14. @KatieCox-NextLevelLiving: Thanks Jack & Patty! Great message. You both look very healthy. Happy Thanksgiving! :)
  15. @footstepsthroughhistory: Thank you for this. I have crippling depression and anxiety and have been in a very dark place that I am trying to claw my way out of. This does help, even if for a little bit! Do you have any other suggestions for those of us who go to the negative (stress, worry, anxiety, bad thoughts) because of mental illness? I don't want to do go there, but sometimes my brain doesn't feel like it's mine anymore and it takes me there anyway and I feel like I have to "ride the wave." I try to meditate but even concentrating is hard in these moments, like bad thoughts have crawled into my brain and have made a home that I cannot seem to evict them from. Damn mental illness :(  Maybe it's just one step at a time. Moment by moment. 

I really like your information. It's been a bright spot in my 2020. Thank you!
  16. @JiniKimm: We can infer "mental status" through "Birth chart". Find out about your inborn mental status. I'm also giving you solutions to fight these mental breakdowns. https://youtu.be/BSgZkh25arA
  17. @arbrianna672: Excellent video.... great advice
  18. @Smilejoylen: thank you ❤️ 🙏 ❤️
  19. @erikchong4899: Excellent advice. I love the story about cancer patients with specific plans have a better chance of survival. I believe many people will benefit from this video. Thanks Jack.
  20. @tina-Doneforyoujournals: I need examples.  What a 5 things I can do daily to get me closer to finish my book and get in shape . Thanks.

- How to Manage Stress as a Student: Kind: captions Language: en As a pre-med or medical student, I'm sure you're more than familiar with stress. Whether it's finances, academic strain, or pressure from family, friends, and peers, you're not alone. Here's how to deal with stress as a student. Doctor Jubbal, medicalinsiders.com. As described by the Yerkes-Dodson law, mild amounts of physiological or mental stress actually improve performance, but only up to a point. Further increases in stress prove detrimental not only in immediate short-term performance, but chronic stress can lead to a variety of mental health issues as well. Ever since getting diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease as a freshman in college, I began taking stress mitigation measures much more seriously. Many autoimmune conditions, including Crohn's disease, are exacerbated by unmanaged stress. These are the lessons I've learned over the years. While stress can be varied, including physical stressors like intense training or an illness, we'll be focusing on mental stressors that students face in day-to-day life. Academic stress is likely what you're most familiar with. This includes needing to learn and memorize large quantities of information, meet deadlines with projects or assignments, and of course, the stress of upcoming exams and maintaining good grades. Social stress includes peer pressure, the stress of new relationships, whether platonic or romantic, balancing your academics with social life, and adjusting to your new environment. After all, you may not yet be fully adjusted to living on your own without your family. Stress of daily life includes other factors like financial burdens, your daily commute, or balancing a part-time job. I don't believe there's a single best way to manage stress in all situations. There are a few foundations to focus on, and then a few targeted techniques depending on the specifics of the stressor. Let's start with the foundations. On a foundational level, you want to begin by focusing on organization. If you're enrolled in four classes, each of which has various assignments and test dates, it can quickly become overwhelming. By simply taking the time to get organized, such as putting class times in your calendar, including exam times and assignment due dates, you'll greatly reduce the sense of dread, chaos, and uncertainty you feel when approaching your academics. Organization extends to other aspects of your life, too, like time management. Rather than approaching each day as a blank slate and then doing what you feel like when you feel like, try time blocking. During those hours when you know you'll be more focused and more productive, plan on setting aside a few hours for more intense and focused work or studying. During the hours when you know focusing will be difficult, block out time to get a workout in or do laundry or grab groceries. Staying organized in this way will also ward off procrastination, one of the most common and insidious stressors among students. And it mitigates the issues of balancing social stressors with academic stressors. If you know when to study and when to hang out with friends, you won't have to make the decision each time a social opportunity presents itself. In college, I was definitely more of a night owl. For that reason, I would roll out of bed around 8:00 or 9:00 a.m., go to lecture, and after classes, my brain would feel cooked, so I'd work out in the afternoon, then go home and eat. After cleaning up my dishes, this was the time I felt I could most effectively focus and get work done. In medical school, I became more of an early riser, and my schedule flipped. My best and focused work was in the mornings, and I stopped studying in the evenings. Don't be afraid to experiment and try a new schedule out for a few days to see how it feels. Transitioning from night owl to early bird is common as one ages. On a foundational level, you should also know that exercise is a phenomenal way to let off steam, rather than bottling it up inside you. Loneliness is also an insidious factor that can exacerbate stress. Maintaining healthy social support and connections with friends is beneficial, so long as you don't overdo it and neglect other academic and personal responsibilities. As for the targeted strategies, my recommendations depend on the magnitude of the stressor and whether or not you feel the situation is manageable. When feeling overwhelmed or out of control, two things have proven most useful to me. First, slow, deep breathing, and second, mindful observation. The deep breathing helps to activate the parasympathetic nervous system, which is responsible for rest and digest functions. This counteracts the overactive sympathetic nervous system, responsible for the fight or flight response that gets activated in stressful situations. I learned the power of mindfulness when I was battling my first acute flare-up inflammatory bowel disease at 18. The pain was intense and excruciating, and I didn't know how to manage it. I tried distracting myself by playing Tetris, thinking that would occupy my mind, but it didn't do much. I was constantly fearful of the next bout of pain, but a subtle mental shift made it completely manageable. Rather than rejecting the pain and wanting to run away and avoid it, I just watched it. I noticed where it occurred, how it felt, and what made it better or worse. Rather than approaching it with fear, I approached it with curiosity. By accepting that the pain was here and simply watching it, the emotional hold it had on me vanished. It still wasn't pleasant, but my stress during the pain decreased, and the stress between bouts of pain had disappeared. You can use this same technique of mindful observation any other time you feel overwhelmed. The next time you feel stressed, observe the bodily response. Do you feel tightness in your abdomen? Is your heart racing? By watching with curiosity, you may also find it easier to separate yourself from the emotional hold of the stressful situation. In my experience, the situation becomes instantly more manageable. Whenever I sat down for a test, I always did better than what my practice questions would indicate. How? It all comes down to self-talk. When approached by a stressful situation, what dialogue occurs in your head? When it came to taking a test, I could feel that the pressure was on. Silence across the room, other than the shuffle of papers. No eye contact or interaction between students. The environment just felt higher intensity and my body responded accordingly. That mild physiologic sympathetic response I felt was one of two things, either fear or excitement, and I could decide how to give it significance. I would approach each test with almost an adversarial relationship. It was me versus the test and with the elevated stakes, my focus was improved. I was excited about it. In my head, the dialogue was bring it. Each time I worked through a difficult problem and I felt confident about my answer, it further bolstered my confidence that I was going to dominate this test. And when I inevitably came across a more difficult question, I acknowledged it was a good try to stop me, but I'd come back before the end of the test and get it right. I understand this sounds ridiculous and way out there, but this worked for me. In fact, I'll admit I even enjoyed taking tests. Sure, studying had its moments of drudgery and boredom and I had to push through, but taking the test was like playing the sports game. It was showtime. In more extreme situations where I felt out of control or overwhelmed, I found deep breathing and mindful observation to be the most effective with grounding me. Adjusting myself talk was most effective only when I was at a more moderate or mild stress level. Deep breathing and mindfulness made chaos feel manageable and self talk made the situation become fun. Whether it was a test or another stressor, my self talk focused on the opportunity to be challenged, to do my best work and to prove to myself that I could do more than I expected. The last targeted strategy is to break down a seemingly large or overwhelming situation into more manageable steps. Rather than focusing on the idea of having to cycle 100 miles for my first century, which was incredibly intimidating at the beginning of the ride, I just focused on riding one more mile and then another mile after that. Or let's say you're taking on a big new project at school or you want to start your first side hustle. Don't look at the final goal, then see where you're at and feel defeated. Instead, ask yourself, "What is one step I can take today that will bring me closer to that goal?" And what about the day after that? As they say, we often overestimate what we can accomplish in a day, but underestimate what we can accomplish in a year. Some of this stuff may seem out there, but I hope you find something useful. Since procrastination is such a common problem we all face and a huge cause of stress, you may enjoy watching my video on seven steps to cure procrastination. And if you're dealing with feeling like a failure or letting yourself down, I have a video on that, too. Thanks for watching. Much love, and I'll see you guys in that next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aditya_S_008 [1 likes]: I don't know who are you??

Iam from India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
My name Aditya,17year old
Actually Iam a JEE aspirants those who know JEE 
It is (joint entrance exam) for government engineering colleges in India.
I am very worried. Because I get very low marks in the exams. I have been studying hard for many months but I am not getting the results I want.I cry a lot when my results are low after my exams. because I have responsibilities for my family.😭😭😭😭

❌❌ Sometimes I don't feel like living in this world. 😭😭
I feel like committing suicide.❌❌😭😭😭😭

I am saying this completely from my heart.


Sorry for everyone Iam wasting your time 🙏🙏😞😞


And again sorry My English is weak.
  2. @kshitiz-c4z: Student stress is on a completely different level exams, finances, family pressure all at once. A friend suggested Solh Wellness during my rough semester and the daily stress tracking actually helped me catch burnout before it hit bad. It's built for Indians so the content feels relatable too. Any student struggling should check it out
  3. @PinkiSingh-z4z3x: Great advice for students! Between exams, assignments, and future pressure, stress can build up without us even noticing. I recently came across Streffie, which helps you understand your stress level quickly. Once you know how stressed you are, techniques like the ones shared in this video can be even more helpful. Very useful content for every student!
  4. @MichaelFletcher-w1h: Looking at the comments saying they are suffering from online school makes me a little happy to know I'm not suffering alone
  5. @PrernaVerma-q1i: as a student this is too real… stress is like everyday thing now we think it’s normal but it keeps building slowly and i once checked my stress randomly on streffie, took 10 sec… was higher than i thought this video is helpful, need to try these things
  6. @setyourhandleon: just gave an exam yesterday,  got some 4-6 hours sleep from past few days, now i have to give more 5 exams over consecutive days. the worst part is that i haven't prepared for my maths exam yet which is in two days, after that another exam some 6 days afterwards. somebody else might be going through worse and i wish them luck. But what keeps me going is that i say, just some more days and it will be over. this time too shall pass.
  7. @TheSkipipi: Brochacho is not tuff
  8. @gargishukla8391: I never thought I would be searching this as an 11 year old 😢
  9. @zenaidaperasol1827: Shout out my name if you wanna call me my name is Cymon similar to Simon name but call me Cymon or CJ at least so it's easy for you just call me to help out my stress plsssss😭😭😭😭🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  10. @UpsNaykund: Whoever reading this comment✨...... Although.... I am unable to cope up with stress too🥲...... But i hope we both somehow find our ways towards success and feel stressfree✨🙌🏻
  11. @CastawayJadee: Watching this because I have an exam tomorrow worth 30% of my grade and If I fail this I fail my class.  And I wanna make myself and my parents proud too
  12. @Karan-rg1ok: For chronic nerve compression and heaviness, Planet Ayurveda’s Neuro Plan Syrup provides good support to improve nerve signals.
  13. @injeolmi4507: The thing is no matter how much I work hard I just don't seem to improve, I feel like I'm just dumb . Also my memory is crap
  14. @MohammadZubairsheikh: And yes ,  the thing is to be FOCUSED by Heart ( by our will) , NOT by building up pressure to us by our own self .
Loving the subjects can make us study them by heart 
but for some days it strikes HARD on our ADDICTIVE BRAIN 🧠  , those days if we survive being REALLY US Then WHEN IT COMES NEXT TIME IT BECOMES EASIER TO STAY AWAY FROM ADDICTION
  15. @MohammadZubairsheikh: I get dosed with the fear of being failed and fear of not completing what i was supposed to do per day , such things make my brain to watch youtube for TIME PASS , so irritating but i still watch , a loop that does not want me to be what i was ---a STUDENT 
BUT now i was bored by taking up notebooks and study what i wrote by my own ; Literally I AM BORED OF MYSELF , SO ASHAMED OF ME , I DON'T SEE ANY CHANGE IN ME , JUST KEEPING MY BODY  AWAKE LATE TILL #3:00  JUST FOR DOING NOTHING BUT  FOR A HUGE   DOPAMINE WASTE
  16. @CunnyMunny: I enjoyed watching this video.
  17. @Zai-g9f3c: Gez I am stress with my studies and many assignments from school 😑✊

Thanks
  18. @SpencerGuinne: This was explained really well.
  19. @HoinsluJaoinrt: I understood everything perfectly.
  20. @GreenerftHoper: This helped me understand the topic better.

- Some individuals fail to recognize when they are stressed at work due to the constant pressure to: Kind: captions Language: en OK. Please divide H ok let me finish this work okation Hm. Help. hh wou Ok. H w there's nothing like h Okay. Yes.

- DON’T Use Paid Ads | My #1 Organic Marketing Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en - If you don't understand this one simple thing about advertising your business, you're gonna lose a lot of money very quickly. And that is that advertising is an accelerator, not an initiator. Meaning that advertising can take something that you already have. A good offer, a good product, a good service that's already selling well and can help you get it in front of even more people just like your best customers. But what advertising can't do is take a new offer, a new idea, or a new product or service, something that hasn't been proven yet and just magically make it sell. Sure, anytime you launch something new to the market, it might sell right away. After all, these are the stories that you hear that all of the ad gurus like to shout from the mountaintops. About how Johnny Marketing made a million dollars from his very first launch or how Cash Makemoneyman, that I don't know, sold out in 24 hours thanks to a simple ad he wrote in five minutes from his parents' basement. I mean sure, these things happen but they're the exception, not the rule. The reality is that advertising is like any other kind of marketing and your ability to succeed with ads and make serious bank comes down to just a few simple factors that I'll cover in just a minute. Unfortunately, most people don't know about these things or they ignore them completely. And then just start pumping money into the ad platforms, hoping that they'll get lucky and something will just mysteriously click. But that's not marketing, that's gambling. And the odds are not in your favor, especially if you're new to the online advertising world. Hey there my man. Step right up. Place your bet. What's it gonna be? I don't know. I'm kind of new to this whole thing. What should I choose? Well, you got your Facebook, your Instagram, your Twitter, your Pinterest, your YouTube, your LinkedIn, basically you can't lose. What do you mean I can't lose? Well I mean, you could lose, I guess, but don't worry about it. And what's that huge stack of paper you're holding? Oh, this? This it's just a fine print. There's nothing really important in there. Yikes. So let me explain how things work. Most online advertising is auction based and the winner of the ad auction is determined by three things. Bid, which is what the advertiser is willing to pay to achieve a desired outcome. The better you know your numbers, the more you're willing to pay because you can be confident that you're gonna make your money back. Estimated action rates, which is an estimate of the probability that someone who sees the ad will engage or interact with it. In other words, this is the ad platform making sure that you're putting the right message in front of the right people. So they don't just block or unfollow or worse, leave the platform all together. And ad quality, which measures things like feedback from people who view or hide the ad and a bunch of other algorithm based quality metrics that try to only show the highest quality ads possible. The scores from these three things are then added up and the winner is the one with the highest total value. This is why if you want your ads to work, you need to one, spend enough money to outbid your competitors, as well as make sure that you have enough budget to give your ads a sufficient time to optimize and work out any kinks. Two, create a highly targeted and relevant ad that speaks directly to your ideal target market. Three, make sure that your ad is interesting and enticing and valuable. And lastly, four, make sure that you know your numbers, like your CLV or customer lifetime value, which is going to show you how much a customer is worth to your business over their lifetime and will allow you to determine what you can and cannot afford to spend on ads. And while obviously getting all of these things right isn't impossible, it happens all the time, but it's also not as easy as you may have been led to believe. Especially today, as advertising costs have risen substantially. Tracking and the ability to pixel people with retargeting cookies has gotten progressively worse and competition is at an all time high with more than enough people willing to step in and pay whatever the ad platforms are charging. In fact, if it's any indication of just how much people are spending on ads. Well, last year Facebook made 114.93 billion on ads. Google, 209.49 billion on ads. Amazon, 31.16 billion just on ads. And even TikTok's ad revenue is expected to triple this year up to 11.64 billion. So what should you do? What's the alternative if you wanna reach more people, make more sales, and grow your business? Well, I'm glad you asked my friend. The solution is to use a combination approach known as PESO, which stands for paid, earned, shared and owned. So let me break those down for you now. Paid media is, wait for it. Anything that you pay for. So think of advertising like banner ads and display ads and social media ads and basically anything with the word ad in it. Advertising will always exist in the marketing world in some way, shape or form. And it's an amazing way to accelerate your reach and get in front of new people and new audiences by just buying ads. But there are some drawbacks. Namely, when you stop paying for ads, they stop showing them. So you need to constantly keep running your ads to keep traffic coming in. Plus, as we've seen, it's getting more competitive and therefore more expensive to keep using the big players like Facebook and Instagram and Google. Next is earned media. Earned media is made up of relationships and word of mouth and your network. This is where having a good product or service and building up goodwill in your market and investing in your brand can really pay off big. It's also something that's hard to do and harder to track, which is why so many digital marketers just ignore it but don't be one of those people. Next is shared media. Shared media is organic social media, as well as any partnerships or a community that you have. Shared media is valuable, but it's also a little bit sketchy and kind of like building your house on rented land. And if your entire business is reliant on shared media, like say through a single social media platform, well all it takes is a few tweaks and changes to the algorithm to completely wipe you out, which is why the next thing you wanna focus on is owned media. Owned media are the things that you have complete control over. These will be things like your website and your podcast and your email list. My goal with all of my marketing, whether it's for myself personally, for my clients or for my students, is to try to build up their owned media as fast and efficiently as possible. The one thing that all of these have in common though and the main marketing strategy that I've been using and suggesting for more than 10 years now comes down to content marketing. Content marketing that I can use as shared media on social, earned media to get back links and interviews and other PR opportunities. Owned media because I can also share my content on my website and share even more specific and more valuable insights with my email list. And yes, finally, paid media because after creating content for a website and social and podcasts and videos and more, well you get a pretty good idea of what's going to work and what's going to connect and what's not. And it changes advertising from being a risk into a calculated and strategic business decision. One that's likely and probable to deliver a very tangible return on investment. In other words, the money that you invest in advertising is actually going to deliver some positive results. Shocking, I know. And that's the secret. You start by creating content that you think your audience would find valuable. You then leverage the best pieces across earned and shared and owned media. And then you choose the very best from that and turn it into paid media like ads. And the best thing you can do to improve your content is making sure that you have a solid content marketing strategy in place. This is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I've got linked up right here on the ultimate content marketing strategy. So make sure to check it out now and I'll see you in the next video. Now, the way to do this is to create that content with the following structure in mind. First, you need to start with a very clear and very easy to understand headline or title. That's part one. Then you need to...

  Top Comments:
  1. @nuadhalagunas [13 likes]: Organic marketing: the slow burn that builds lasting loyalty. Focusing on value first, sales second. Great breakdown!
  2. @BenThomas-n9x [1 likes]: Thank you
  3. @MANISHAKUMARI-g2n [1 likes]: please always  come t
o tthe point
  4. @krispernny4346: So this guy's got a series of videos that are basically a never-ending teaser! He keeps telling you to watch the next video for the real info, but each one just leads to the next. By the end, you're left with a whole lot of hype and no actual substance!
  5. @Softtco: You talk too Much Man !
  6. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: The PESO model breakdown was super helpful, especially for thinking about long-term, sustainable growth beyond just immediate ad campaigns. Focusing on creating valuable content first seems like the smartest way to attract the right audience. I'm excited to implement these ideas!
  7. @RawTalkClips-m4w: Your title is different from what you've saying
  8. @TrevorBenson-r1i: This helped me balance ROI with authenticity. So needed.
  9. @mayeer-v7n: While paid ads have their place, focusing on organic growth builds a loyal community and positions you as an authority. It's a marathon, not a sprint, but the payoff is long-lasting!
  10. @Trudy-u1s: While the title is a bit strong, the video highlights the crucial role of organic strategies in building a sustainable and engaged audience before scaling with paid methods. It's a great reminder to focus on providing value first!
  11. @JamesMartin-e1r7h: No ads? No problem. This was full of smart, budget-friendly ideas that actually work.
  12. @LiamRoy-v3z: Value-first really does work. I’m done with hard selling — this approach just feels better and works better.
  13. @rauchrubenstein: While "Don't Use Paid Ads" is clickbait-y, the video makes a strong case for prioritizing organic growth and using paid ads strategically within the PESO model. Thanks for clarifying that paid ads can be helpful when used wisely!
  14. @DylanWallace-j3e: Organic reach isn’t dead — it just needs the right approach. These tips were 🔥
  15. @zaveeyera: It's interesting to see the PESO model presented as an alternative to paid ads when, in reality, paid media is a key component. A blended approach, leveraging both organic and paid strategies, is often the most effective way to achieve sustainable growth.
  16. @HectorLezama: So, what is the Strategy?
  17. @haeliatchley: Organic marketing is about building a community, not just chasing a quick sale. Focusing on value and long-term engagement will always pay off in the end.
  18. @FarihaSultana-k9b: can you guys please tell me what is the accent of this video?
Is it american accent or brites
  19. @Ottavia-i6l: Love the emphasis on building a solid foundation with organic strategies first! It's a marathon, not a sprint, and that long-term connection with your audience is invaluable. Thanks for the insightful breakdown!
  20. @cydney-e8h: Organic marketing is like planting a tree: it takes time, but it provides shade for generations. Focus on building relationships and providing value, and the sales will follow naturally.

- Facebook Ads 2021: The 5 Strategies You Need to Be Successful: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah the fentis did you again giordani man in the fight for you to be sport now all i think There is of personal Life and fastest and most intelligent and come and sit in time grandeur and grace of whispers in the past One beta stress take your going to meet the monster Ball tour One Of A complete with their fans MB with stunning images are copyright of What the weather What's your number one year and most responsible fun Factor US against your friends are you doing Where is the pentagon share evening or do you spell your values and single and their parents YouTube measurement of ethnology museum and goals of the position and Tora Bora with you wanna you hadn't composed is going to meet you a mobile phone contacts with manual that needs To be excused Number One Touch and suites one phone number one upon a star Awards And One Piece Together and remember us on our site and not specify any Custom more value for guests were very adintrend if you can use mobile for their content group rebelious removal for help is Find phone number one thirty- five thirty Seconds for candidates for the Center of the walking search titles and have rights of Miss It is my first Woman or the five nights at the financial Plan trees and Advance word usage with interesting and estimated the Age of castles and Someone That We are scientists have to go weather Spears consoles and against viruses and your holidays I would weather each number Theory of machine testing is going to pkpu six add-on fiscal slient past is the most important and furnished and Unity junji cats in the passage what it is not yet easy slimming man and fatty acids dessin des occur use the first semester I can I want you let it Touch on the past present and stands out your Custom It's really want to see and hear and when it combines the single result of your menstrual calendar Google Talk about me Do you need the various dishes are intelligent is valid for me I hate love papa fazer um ingesting first English for their problem is that still Comes In court reinstated handemade catimor srur White Spirit is that notifies the last guest stay cause of earth's a sinister the weather today is the complete wifi card My cars the more you live Where Ever You gotta have respect for our users and process to the audience at Ha Both World and respect and brands of all my weight and your my and spell your name and He traveled from the pair find and replace your body and you Listen To Romance seinen Sports there is there are you today of Survival one to use the special day on species is to occur in the will you money tristeza hear marketing news Pearl of Falling for you and The Wonders and actress Drama Formula Screen savers effect music from my sister gas Rinnai Davis part one the last One Standing on your my and Ness national I do not know You're All I Want To Your Pain and skinned our dance Park is not work with the grace of John Davis file Custom are addressed the end of address and was When your flubenol herd intertwined andifoods advantage of unwanted weight in your car or even compare your email marketing your working as for the person opens on and changes if you have any of love for you I melt gentlemen assassination specialist in adjusting your Arsenal Schalke made using wild becomex your reward of traveling is not defined and aid others Like You need to be your prince Michael wittmann you ni pei All You need email market and unique It is in your iPhone into the hand that most people shinawatra wants to use the special powers and East and west Lake Michigan Brand or with any money is made sure you don't live supplies from the Nest is to build their Passion When One Door and Little out with out and lasting illustration us they will fall on the Walls were meant well and texts and its very clear result is you nestable on is worth once again I Knew some Amazing beverages mediafire see your happy birthday messages Friends where you live where do you spell it must make your products to find out of today's ingress small you in adjusting plate Seok arrangement of Marketing and content I mean beautiful you in destruction's when sharing Android The Best I Love Sick season with specical FC beauty with me you have the right To Take A Bow and i miss u-league staple which All For One of his agreement arrived late for sure They have any questions and varnish in the weather today is your usage and adult matcha bay Hamilton I come to go and Furious to All our hands on weather of you melt with my dizz g fam isabelle fuhrman done friend requests from ok à à

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [1 likes]: The five strategies you'll need to thrive on Facebook Ads in 2021: which one are you going to try first?
  2. @nadamsga [1 likes]: I dig your videos and subscribe. Great info and enjoy your perspective. I also work in e-com and digital advertising. Thanks for making great content!
  3. @melianaliuofficial5415 [1 likes]: hi darra, I've been on facebook ads for a while (but I don't seem to really get it) and yesterday I saw your video and your videos are super helpful. I've got a questions regarding how do I add a new ads creative for lets say several promotions in a months on a running campaign (have its ads running from the start)? Do I just put the new ads creative (regarding promotions) during the promotion duration and let it sit till the promotion event is finished?
  4. @sometimesitdown [1 likes]: Is any way to solve the problem of Q4 over expensive  Facebook ads? And thanks for the sharing.
  5. @cashh4439 [1 likes]: Hi, got a question about cold traffic with interests. I saw your reply on a comment saying that testing with individual interests in each adset is a huge waste. Why? And is it a waste when you're targeting in a small country like Holland as well? 😁
  6. @username87324 [1 likes]: Love all your videos, they're straight to the point and not just for beginners! Love the higher level stuff.
  7. @timm5229 [1 likes]: Hi Dara, thanks for the video! Do you suggest also to keep it broad when testing new products or should we stick to interests there?
  8. @vividsky3 [1 likes]: Hi Dara, would you consider doing Snapchat Ads tutorials in the future?
  9. @ggen5 [1 likes]: Thank you very much
  10. @florakija: Hey Dara, great content! Thanks a lot! 
I do have a question though. I’m also a big fan of using facebooks machine learning for targeting etc, but found that it’s harder if you have a small budget (<2K a month). 
What do you suggest there?
Also utilizing Facebook machine learning or add more detail targeting options? Thank you very much for your opinion 😊
  11. @nazarmiloshkin8368: Hey thanks, for the video, very insightful! Curious what you think is the best way to create video creatives? Do you create them yourself or outsource?
  12. @Rhdhwjkw: Hi Dara, do you test out different thumbnails or do you usually let Facebook handle that with automatic thumbnails?
  13. @hannahj3346: Thanks Dara! Really enjoying your content. Do you have any favorite apps/tools for editing video/creating video ads?
  14. @cjexplores: Yes Dara serving up the goods once again. I'm new to all this and I find your content very beginner friendly 😊

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | From Facebook Beginner to EXPERT In One Video!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook is easily the biggest and most important social media network available right now with almost 3 billion users you simply can't afford to ignore the powerhouse that is the facebook empire but what's even more exciting isn't just the number of users that facebook has but the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach and to market to its users from pages to groups to messenger to ads and so much more facebook really is a one-stop marketing shop and nothing else even comes close not even a little and when you understand how to use the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach your clients or your customers right where they are right now you'll never go hungry for leads customers or sales again so let's get to it facebook first came out in 2004 but it was in 2009 that it officially became the most popular social media platform in the world and it hasn't stopped growing since this is why whether you're a business owner an entrepreneur a marketer or even an employee that works for a business you simply can't afford to ignore facebook but knowing that facebook marketing is important to your business and knowing what tools are available and how to use them well those are two completely different things and that's why in this episode i'm gonna break down the different ways to use facebook to reach your audience grow your business and make more sales we'll start with the easiest and we'll move progressively through the list of options getting to the more complicated and more advanced strategies the beauty of facebook is that there really is something here for everyone whether you're first getting started marketing your business on facebook or whether you've been at this game for years so let's kick things off with one of the easiest and also one of my favorite ways to market yourself and your business on facebook which is the facebook personal page when most people think about facebook the personal page is normally the first thing that comes to mind in fact the general public people outside of marketing and outside of business well they're normally not even familiar with all of the other options that facebook gives you maybe aside from messenger and the odd facebook ad that pops up on their newsfeed to them the facebook personal page is facebook your facebook personal page is the main page that you see when you first log in it's what you signed up for it's typically your name and it's the page you use to connect with friends or with family it's not your business page you can't run ads through it it's just there but here's the deal it's also one of the most effective ways to connect with your network and to build your business and here's why first especially if you're just getting started in business it is incredibly important that your friends and your family know what you do after all word of mouth and getting referrals are incredibly powerful ways to build up your business but for them to refer you they need to know what you do after all people can't buy from you if they don't know that you exist or in this case people can't buy from you if they do know you exist but don't know that you have a business i learned this lesson personally years ago the hard way when i accidentally created content on my personal page that i meant for my business page and all of my friends and my family chimed in and they were asking questions about marketing and they had no idea that i was doing marketing now at the time i was telling myself that i didn't want to spam my friends and spam my family with my business so i would keep it separate this was a huge mistake the reality is is you can post strategically and carefully on your personal page about your business without spamming without being sleazy or salesy just let people know what you do the other reason that makes your personal facebook page just so effective really comes down to the almighty facebook algorithm which is essentially the system behind what facebook shows and to who it shows your stuff too well your facebook personal page is still one of the places that you have decent organic reach meaning you can create content on your personal page and it has a pretty good chance of getting shown to your friends and to your family alright moving on to the next tool that facebook gives you which is the facebook business page here's the deal with the facebook business page if you have a business you need a facebook business page period this is non-negotiable now the beauty of the facebook business page is that it gives you access to a whole new set of tools that just aren't available through your personal page like putting in your business address as well as running ads which we're going to talk about later unlike your personal page however which should be largely personal with a little bit of business your business page should be largely if not completely business now this doesn't mean being boring and it also doesn't mean hammering your audience with offer after offer trying to get them to buy something but it does mean keeping your content on key and largely business focused or business related or things that your customers or clients would find useful or interesting or valuable people that follow your personal page are going to be interested in you whereas people that follow your business page may be interested in you but they're probably more interested in what your business can do now when you first start a business page you're gonna have all of zero followers so you may be tempted to spend money on ads in order to build up your followers but to this uh i'd caution you first of all we saw this years ago when people spent a ton of money building up all of these followers for their business page only to have the facebook algorithm change and immediately destroy pretty much all of the reach that was coming from the page meaning let's say you had a hundred followers on your business page and you created content in the past maybe 50 or maybe even 60 people would see it well then they changed the algorithm and now two people would see it maybe five so all of this money that was spent on building up followers was largely wasted this is why a better approach is rather to try to build it up organically mention it through your website through your email newsletter and also let your facebook business page followers be a byproduct of any ads that you run again we'll talk about that in the future and by future i mean in just a minute but first facebook stories facebook stories are a fun and lighthearted and casual way to share kind of quick moments or behind the scenes goings-on of your business stories are vertical videos or pictures shot from your phone and they only last 24 hours the cool thing about stories is that they have stickers and effects and different emojis really just kind of have some fun with them when it comes to facebook stories the key really is just to use them and use them often once a day pretty much at least maybe even twice or three times or five times or ten times depending on your business depending on your market depending on your audience the great thing about stories though and why they really do need to be a part of your marketing is that they're a little more real a little more raw and a little more authentic they're also fast and fun really easy to make just grab your phone snap a quick picture shoot a quick video and pretty much done all right now let's talk about one of the most feared of all the facebook tools which is none other than facebook live facebook live just like instagram live or youtube live or any other live that's going to come out in the future is a live streaming platform meaning you can create live videos from your phone or from your desktop and broadcast them out either on your personal page or your business page or in any groups that you're a part of or own going live is a really effective way to show your true personality in a real and raw and authentic way after all it's like you can't edit that stuff out that's also why it freaks people out but your audience loves it you can go live from your phone or you can set up an entire live streaming studio from your desktop computer and go completely bananas the choice is totally up to you the point though here is that if you can find the courage to go live and don't be afraid to start small from your phone and work your way up from there if you can find the courage to do that it is an incredibly effective marketing tool alright now let's talk about facebook messenger facebook messenger gives you the ability to message people directly much like a text or sms but done directly through the facebook platform just like with the going live feature well you can do this through your personal page or through your business page there are some advantages to using your business page being that you can incorporate more software like a chat bot which can actually do some initial filtering and some initial heavy lifting of the conversation to sort and to segment and to guide people where they need to go there's also now the ability to message your instagram friends through facebook messenger because facebook owns instagram but we'll talk about that later too and by later i mean in just a minute the cool thing about messenger though isn't just the accessibility and the ability to message friends and family and clients and customers and things like that but also all of the tools and the features and the kind of nifty things that it gives you you can of course send emojis and stickers and gifs but you can also send audio messages as well as my personal favorite video messages most importantly though is to really put yourself in your customers or in your client's shoes being empathetic to the way that they want to communicate with you and with your business and a lot of people prefer messenger all right it's time to talk about facebook groups facebook groups are an incredibly powerful feature that facebook gives you to build a community of like-minded individuals around a certain topic or interest or business and there are facebook groups out there for pretty much everything you can think of like literally pretty much everything there's even a facebook group out there of people who all pretend to be ants in an ant colony and before you write this off as just a weird corner of the internet this facebook group of ant impersonators has nearly two million people now when it comes to marketing with facebook groups you have three different option one is a free facebook group the strategy behind creating your own free facebook group is essentially you create a group you don't charge anything for people to join and you use it to generate leads and foster connection and build engagement and rapport with members of your group free facebook groups can work amazingly well but they're very niche and market and industry specific so you want to be careful to make sure that your business best aligns with offering a free facebook group plus they take a ton of time and energy and careful strategy and planning to really make sure that they're working to the way they should you can't just toss up a free facebook group add a couple people in there and expect it to grow your business this is why i consider a free facebook group more of an intermediate strategy the next option is a paid facebook group now by paid facebook group i don't mean that you're paying facebook to have a group rather your members or your clients or your customers are paying you and as a benefit they get access to a group you can use this as a standalone membership community or you can use it as a value add to your current products or services the content strategy inside of a paid group is obviously quite different than that inside of a free group because people paid to be in there so it better be good the third option is other people's facebook groups and this is by far my least favorite strategy of all in fact i'd even go so far as to say i genuinely dislike this strategy now it did used to work quite a few years ago when facebook groups were still relatively new and not every single person had tried and spammed and really sleazed their way out of this strategy there's an expression that marketers ruin everything and it's kind of true because as soon as something works everybody does it and then it stops working well going into other people's facebook groups providing value bombs which were essentially just spammy sleazy salesy type posts and then trying to get people to direct message you to siphon off from the group again used to be an effective strategy but now just looks spammy and sleazy and salesy and people know what's going on so if anyone tells you that a great marketing strategy today is simply to sign up for everybody's free groups and then leave a ton of valuable comments or helpful posts and then slowly start siphoning off members for your own that's bad advice it makes you look salesy it makes you look sleazy and it makes you look needy none of which are good for business on the other hand if you genuinely care about the group about the business about the topic about the people inside then by all means create valuable content engage and respond be helpful and be useful but don't make this your primary marketing tool as a way to grow your business let any business boosting or networking or relationships that come from it be a nice secondary byproduct alright it's time to talk about facebook ads facebook ads are probably one of my favorite parts and favorite tools that to promote your business and one i've been using for the past decade but it wasn't till around 2013 where retargeting ads really came out that things really got effective anyway facebook ads even still to this day are still one of the most cost effective and strategic marketing uses available to you but what makes facebook ads so special isn't just the fact that they're giving you access to facebook's massive audience database but rather the targeting and the placements and the creative capabilities that you have to create really high converting ads facebook ads are great and you should absolutely be looking at them as a part of your marketing strategy however like all advertising they're not a magic bullet rather advertising facebook ads in this case are an accelerator meaning if you have a good and a good offer clear messaging an ideal target market that's really clearly defined well facebook ads are going to enable you to accelerate your business and amplify the results on the other hand if you have a questionable product or service or an unproven offer that just isn't converting well facebook ads are only going to make it fail faster this is why the key or the secret if you will to creating high converting facebook ads always comes back to the basics always comes back to strategy first you need to clearly identify who exactly it is that you're trying to reach their demographic details like what's their age and their gender and their income and their occupation their geographic details like what city or state or province or country they live in and most importantly at least when it comes to facebook what are their psychographic details like their values and their attitudes and their lifestyles what other pages do they like what other interests do they have what other groups are they a part of then you need to dive even deeper and try to figure out your markets biggest pains and problems and fears and frustrations so you can craft effective ad messaging and effective ad copy that speaks directly to these pains it's only then that you get to decide where you want your facebook ad to appear and what you want it to look like admittedly it's kind of complicated stuff but learning it and getting it right is an absolute game changer for your business alright now let's move on to some of the lesser lesser-known facebook marketing tools which while aren't necessarily huge right now they could be in the future so they're worth learning about paying attention to the first of which is facebook watch facebook watch is a feature that you may or may not have even heard of facebook watch is kind of like facebook's version of youtube but without the cool search features and only available to some people but it's also kind of like netflix cause it has its own original shows but it's also still on facebook so it's kind of like facebook basically facebook watch is still kind of hard to categorize regardless it's worth paying attention to because anything facebook does is worth paying attention to after all it's hard to say when they're going to open up access to more creators and what kind of reach and what kind of exposure they're going to permit other businesses to have but at least for now unless you're a massive business with a multi-million dollar marketing budget it's probably best just to be aware of it but then leave it alone next up facebook portal facebook portal is facebook's version of a smart video conference device essentially it lets you live video chat with your facebook friends does have some other cool features though like letting you listen to music or check your front door or look through your photos from a business perspective however it's tough to say how or when this will be fully incorporated that said it does let you do video calls from messenger or whatsapp so you could use it to connect with your clients or your customers and you can use portal's camera to go live so if you want to do a facebook live you've got that option what's cool though and what's more interesting is facebook portal's use of ar or augmented reality which gives you some pretty cool and pretty interesting features which right now are available on the portal but may soon be incorporated into other facebook products and speaking of ar augmented reality let's take a look at vr virtual reality and facebook's move into that world with oculus facebook acquired oculus which produces virtual reality headsets back in 2014 for 2.3 billion dollars so clearly they believe in the future of virtual reality that said we're still a long way away from virtual reality vr becoming a part of our everyday lives i mean just think about how many people you know that spend at least an hour a day using virtual reality technology i'm willing to bet not many maybe not maybe one but that doesn't mean that it's not going to become a more dominant and more relevant technology in the future so again it's worth knowing about and paying attention to for now though unless you've got that multi-million dollar marketing budget again probably worth paying attention to and being aware of but putting it on the back burner alright so up to this point we've covered the big ones the products and services that facebook has to offer that you can use to craft the perfect facebook marketing strategy but we're not quite done yet because there's still a couple more platforms you need to be aware of if you truly want to dominate the facebook platform and here's the deal we've covered a lot so far but facebook has over 40 different products and services crazy eh but i really want to make this clear you do not and should not use them all rather you want to be careful and strategic and highly selective about the tools about the products about the services that best align with you your business your customers and your goal use the best ignore the rest sounds like a tagline so with that said here's a couple more facebook services that i really want to draw to the front of your mind to make sure you're paying attention to you're probably already familiar with them but it's important to understand that they fall under the facebook umbrella the first off is instagram from facebook yes facebook owns instagram meaning if you want to run an instagram ad you need to do it through the facebook ads manager plus many of the algorithm changes we've seen with facebook well they largely apply to instagram as well yes they're different platforms and they have a different vibe and style and aesthetic but a lot of the algorithm and math and logic behind it a lot of it's the same the key though is with over 1 billion users instagram is an amazing way to reach a slightly younger demographic next up is whatsapp also from facebook now there's a lot of similarities between facebook messenger and whatsapp like a lot both are owned by facebook both allow you to chat with friends but the biggest difference is that facebook messenger is more closely aligned with your facebook profile whereas whatsapp is more closely aligned with your phone and the contacts in alright so now that you've got a good handle on facebook marketing the next thing you're going to want to do is check out the video i have linked up right here on instagram marketing so make sure to check that out now and i'll see in the next episode the way that i like to think about it is feed real good and stories real time meaning that you want to make sure that you've curated and created your absolute best content in your feed so that you're really portraying your best brand image possible putting your best you

  Top Comments:
  1. @reln72 [12 likes]: This video is 4 years old. Misleading title in 2025. So much has changed in the last 4 years. Put out a new video instead of using an old one with an updated title otherwise you lose credibility.
  2. @joshuajrkingal [1 likes]: I might like this later. By later, I mean in the next minute 😅😊...cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
  3. @trevindenney [1 likes]: Adam, thanks for cutting through the noise and providing a straightforward guide to Facebook marketing in 2024! I appreciate the actionable strategies I can implement right away.
  4. @Dagmar-m9i [1 likes]: Adam, your ability to distill complex strategies into actionable steps is seriously impressive. Thanks for providing such a clear roadmap for navigating Facebook marketing in 2024!
  5. @micielastraub [1 likes]: Great overview, Adam! Really appreciate the actionable insights and how you simplified the complexities of Facebook marketing for 2024. Subscribed and looking forward to more valuable content!
  6. @Dierdre-f5v [1 likes]: Adam, this breakdown is incredibly helpful in navigating the evolving Facebook landscape. Thanks for keeping the content concise and actionable for 2024!
  7. @samsepehri8601: strategy 2026 but uploaded 5 years ago? facebook has changed and you are recycling old videos.
  8. @Madimads27: why is this video titled 2025 but was posted in 2021?? Things have changed since then. good job getting the views though I guess....
  9. @josepthomas: Hi Adam.. What tool do you use to exit your videos
  10. @MrSanguru: Took me 9 minutes to know this is not for me! Good-bye!
  11. @humfried-f4s: Adam, your explanations are so clear and actionable – a real game-changer for anyone trying to keep up with Facebook's ever-changing landscape! Feeling much more prepared to tackle my 2024 strategy now.
  12. @corissande-l7j: Adam, you've really cracked the code on making Facebook marketing accessible. The actionable tips and focus on 2024's landscape make this video a must-watch for anyone serious about their Facebook strategy!
  13. @eliel-g5x: Adam, thanks for the clear and actionable strategies - feeling much more confident about tackling Facebook marketing this year! The focus on practical steps is exactly what I needed.
  14. @KPDHAnimation: This video looks like a goldmine for anyone looking to master Facebook marketing for 2024! It's amazing how these strategies can elevate you from a beginner to an expert in just one go. I'm really curious about the new tools and tactics that are highlighted. With Facebook constantly evolving, it's crucial to stay updated, and this video seems like the perfect way to do that. Can't wait to learn how to optimize ads and perhaps even discover some secrets that aren't widely talked about yet! Anyone else excited to implement these strategies?
  15. @tsalishapiro: Straight to the point and packed with value, thanks for cutting through the noise and delivering a clear 2024 Facebook strategy! Definitely sharing this with my team.
  16. @1ProsperousPlanet: Can you stop moving your head so much. It is so fake and distracting.
Are you smoking crack? Why you tweaking lile that.
  17. @RebeccaPerkins-s6u: Interesting.
  18. @AngeloBeadles: Thank you.
  19. @RenskeSarkis: Interesting.
  20. @victoriannadozie391: Very helpful

- Secret Facebook Ads Strategy for HUGE Growth & Success: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm super excited to share with you this amazing method of running Facebook ads that hardly anyone else is using. If you're wanting to promote your business, products or services online and set yourself apart from your competition, you definitely wanna keep watching. I like to call it Facebook compound marketing because the results multiply over time. This technique is perfect for companies that want long-term visibility and results. You can even run this alongside traditional lead generation campaigns. This method honestly helped me grow one of my businesses from one location in the UK to hundreds all around the world. Currently, you might be running ads by setting up a lead gen or landing page campaign, adding a hook, multiple demographics, and then launch. The issue with this approach is some products or services require you to build a level of trust with a user before they'll take action and traditional ads only give you one bite of the cherry but I like to give them the whole damn cake. So what are we waiting for? Let's dive in. I'm gonna show you exactly how to sell this type of campaign, and you'll be able to see exactly how it works and why it's so effective. First, jump over to Facebook and let's start a new campaign. This approach requires the awareness objective so go ahead and select this. From the next screen, you'll want to leave Advantage Campaign Plus turned off and then click next which will take you to the ad set level. Leave the performance goal as Maximum Reach and make sure your Facebook page is selected. Next, you want to set your budget, and we're going to start with between one to two pounds or dollars per day. Obviously, this is a lot less than what you'd normally spend. However, we are going to be running multiple ad sets so it'll soon multiply. You can also increase this over time as your campaign starts to perform or not reaching the audience that you wish. Now we move on to audience. Normally, you would select a warm audience to run this type of campaign. However, it can work just as well with a cold audience. A warm audience will be targeting users that, for example visited your website, signed up to your mailing list, or watched a video, you get the picture. If you're using a warm audience you want to make sure Advantage Custom Audience Plus is turned off as this will put your ads in front of people that are not warm, defeating the point. You can leave all of the targeting options pretty broad as your audience is specified by the custom audiences selected, for example, your website visitors. If you're operating in a certain location, please feel free to select a radius that your business operates in. Just make sure you have an audience size with a minimum of 50,000 to 100,000 in order for this type of campaign to work. Alternatively, if you cannot get to this amount using a warm audience, please go down the cold route. The cold audience can still work really well. It just might take a little longer for the results to kick in as you need to warm up the audience first. If you are going down the cold audience route, first select your location. For this, you'll want to ensure you select people living in this location. Otherwise you will target people that might have just been visiting. Enter the radius of which your business can serve, otherwise, leave this as your country if your business can serve nationwide. Select the age range of your typical customers, leaving this broad if you are a bit unsure. Enter demographics that suit your business, for example, if you are trying to sell golf lessons you'll want to enter an interest of golf. Just ensure that your audience sizes between that 50,000 to a hundred thousand when selecting. Select manual under the placement section which is really important to ensure that this type of campaign will work how it should. Once selected, turn off Audience Network and only target Reels, Stories and Feeds and remove everything else. This is gonna make sure that your ads are served to the right audience with the highest intent. That's everything for the ad set level. But before we move into the ads, I want you to duplicate the ad 11 times, giving you a total of 12 ads. Obviously, this may be a lot different to how you normally sell campaigns but it's what makes this so effective and you'll see why. The idea of this type of campaign is not to generate quick sales, this method is for businesses that want to build a brand so when customers are looking for your product or service, they automatically think of your company above anyone else. This is done by building trust over time, and that's exactly how the campaign works, by compounding trust. Now we have the ad sets, we need to go in to make a few tweaks. Select all the ad sets and press edit on the bid control. I want you to then change the frequency to once every six days. This just ensures your ads are seen the right amount of times, with a variation in the ads which helps avoid ad burn with your audience. In other words, you won't be driving your audience crazy showing them the same ad over and over. That's the ad sets covered, so let's move on to the ads. I'm not going to cover ad copy in this video. You can find this in one of my other videos which you can find at the end. Our ads though are separated into four types which serve very different purposes. The first of these is value and that's exactly what it says on the tin. We want to provide your audience with value either by giving them a solution or a method of avoiding a mistake. For example, if you're a driving instructor, you could have a video with tips on how to do the perfect three point turn. Quickly go through and rename the first three ads to value so you know this will be the type used. You can use a combination of video and images but I prefer to use video content personally as I get a higher engagement rate. The next time provides a demonstration, and this is where you will show ads that demonstrate your product or service. So for example, if you're selling an online course, you can demonstrate how your courses run and the structure to them. Again, we wanna go through and quickly rename these three ads to demonstration either using the video or image. The third type is feedback. This is where we build confidence with your audience, showing them previous clients that have made the leap and bought into your business. This is a very important step as building trust is the key to this whole type of campaign. Again, go in and rename these so it's easier to follow. Finally, the fourth step is action. Now we have shown customers the value of your products or services, demonstrated how they work, and most importantly, we have built confidence with them. Now it's time to put an incredible piece of bait on that hook and reel them in. For each of you, your action will be different. It could be to make a purchase, book a consultation or sign up to a course. Some of you might only have one desired action which is absolutely fine. If this is the case, simply add another into the value or demonstration, so you're still using all 12 ads. Obviously, you'll notice that this campaign takes a lot of time and effort to set up. However, due to the nature of the campaign, you are not going to run into ad burn as fast as traditional campaigns. So you can run this type of campaign a lot longer without having to change your content. This type of campaign, however isn't a magic formula for overnight success. If you're looking for short-term results, this campaign really isn't for you. This type of campaign takes a minimum of six months to really start working and the longer you leave it, the better it'll perform as the results compound over time. You can by all means though, run this type of campaign alongside a traditional sales campaign and I actually recommend this as then you get the best of both worlds with instant and long-term results. Now, I need to stress to you at this point this type of campaign is not gonna be for everyone. If your product or service is something either low cost or something that doesn't require a lot of thought, like booking a swimming lesson, this really isn't gonna be for you. However, if you are selling a high value product or offering a service that requires a lot of thought, this is gonna give you some serious returns over time. For more information on how to set up your ads using AI or how to settle campaigns for instant results to run alongside this campaign, I highly recommend you check out my ultimate guide on running successful ads here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Quorillex: I really really love this video it explain clearly how it works! Thank youAdam. Though I have question. Do we need to create a different Video or images of all 12 ad copies?
  2. @WafirNokodl: nice video, but I have a question, if I want to work with this method how can I calculate the real cost per conversion (purshase) ? 
and thank you for this video <3
  3. @relaxation7711: Can I do engagement for the objective or sales instead of awareness?
  4. @zachvier3630: Your insight is much appreciated. Love these kind of videos that go straight to the point. Have a question by the way, for this type of strategy does the Traffic Objective aiming for Link Clicks leading to our socmed page works well too or even better? Wdyt
  5. @carlelsby: Cheers 🙌🏻
  6. @derekloeng: Hello Adam, very nice video! I have a small question about the as sets part, after I duplicate it 11 times, do I need to change the interests? Or just need to change the bid control?
  7. @RobHunter85: Brilliant.
  8. @SunRae96: Could you do a video similar to this for warm audiences? The breakdown of categories for each ad set was very helpful! Thanks :)
  9. @maximuss442: Just a copy of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Td2JZ_qf8s&ab_channel=BenHeath
  10. @joshuvar5726: Plz upload lead campaign tricks
  11. @rapraptv4433: Thank you for your guide. New to video edit i want learn more
  12. @abdull_um: Love it. You're literally one of the real people out here. Is there any way we can connect. Email or something??

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- How to Create a Meta Engagement Campaign | Step-by-Step Facebook & Instagram Ads Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en In this tutorial, I'll show you how to create a meta engagement campaign step by step. This campaign type is perfect if you want to get more likes, comments, shares, followers, or post interactions on your Facebook or Instagram content. So, let's get started. [music] First, go to business.fas.com and open your ads manager. Make sure you're working inside the correct ad account that you want to use. Now, click the create button to start a new campaign. Here you'll see several campaign objectives. Select engagement as your objective. This tells Meta that your main goal is to encourage people to interact with your content, such as liking, commenting, sharing, or following your page rather than clicking links or visiting your website. Click continue. You'll notice Meta gives you two setup options. Recommended settings, advantage plus engagement campaign, and manual engagement campaign. Choose the manual engagement campaign option for more control over your audience placements and ad settings. Then click continue to move forward. Now give your campaign a clear and descriptive name. For example, 11 plus English and math engagement campaign. Under campaign budget, you can choose whether to set your budget at the campaign level or at the ad set level. Setting your budget at the campaign level means Meta will automatically distribute the budget between adsets to get you the best results. If you prefer full control over how much each adset spends, you can set the budget at the adset level. For this example, I'll set the budget at the campaign level and choose a daily or lifetime budget depending on your strategy. Once done, click next. Now we're inside the ad set level. Rename your ad set with something meaningful. For example, solely [music] hull 5 km. Under conversion location, you'll see several options including message destination. Encourage people to message you on Messenger, WhatsApp, or Instagram. On your ad, get likes, comments, shares, and other reactions directly on your ad. Call. Get people to call your business directly. Website, send people to your website to take an action there. App, drive engagement or downloads within your app. Facebook page, promote your page for more followers or likes. Since our goal is to increase likes, comments, and shares, all select [music] on your ad. You [music] can set an end date if you want to for your campaign to stop automatically after a specific time. If you don't set one, it will continue to run until you manually pause it. Now, let's define our audience. You can choose from saved audiences, create a new one, or use advantage plus audience if you want Meta to automatically find people likely to engage. Set your location. For cities, the minimum targeting radius is 10 miles. If you want to target a smaller area, you can drop a pin on the map and adjust the radius manually. In my case, I'm targeting a specific area. So, I've dropped a pin on the map. I can see my potential reach is around 150,000 people, which is good for my campaign. Since this education service applies to most families, I won't limit the targeting by age or detailed interests. But depending on your product or service, you can refine it by age, gender, or specific interests. If you want full control, switch to the original audience option. Next, scroll down to placements. Keep advantage plus placements enabled. Meta will automatically place your ad across Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and audience network for best results. If you prefer to control where your ads appear, you can switch to manual placements and select or deselect platforms like Instagram stories, Facebook feed, or reels. Once done, click next to move to the ad level. Now it's time to create your actual ad. Rename your ad with something descriptive like image one engagement November. Under identity, select your Facebook page and Instagram account that you want the [music] ad to represent. Under ad [music] setup, you have two options. Use existing post. Select a post that's already published on your page. This is great if you want to boost the post that's performing well organically. Or create ad. Upload a new image or video to create a fresh ad. For this tutorial, I'll choose create ad. Under ad creative, select your format, image or video. I'll select single image for this example. Now upload your creative or choose one from your account's media library. If you have vertical or horizontal versions, upload both for better placement coverage. If not, you can keep the original aspect ratio to avoid unwanted cropping. Next, add your primary text. This is the caption that appears above your ad. Keep it short, friendly, and engaging. Something that encourages people to react or comment. Since this is an engagement campaign, I won't use any call to action button. We want the audience to [music] like, comment, or share, not click elsewhere. Review the creative enhancement options that Meta suggests, such as brightness adjustments, text improvements, or automatic variations. If you have strict brand guidelines, you can [music] turn some of these off. Since our [music] goal is engagement on the ad itself, website tracking or metapixel is not required [music] for this campaign. If everything looks good, click publish. And that's it. You've successfully created your meta engagement campaign. If you found this video helpful, don't forget to like, subscribe, and drop a comment below with any meta ads or digital marketing questions. I'll be happy to help.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dhirajgupta4720m: good video and easy explanation for making  engagement ads campaign
  2. @oksanapavlova1695: Thank you! Short and clear! Very helpful!
  3. @DominionDavid-pi2kq: What is the name of this website please
  4. @youssefel-h5074: Very clean and clear tutorial. I'll check your channel for the sales campaign later. Thanks bro

- HOW TO Organically Increase Facebook Engagement & Reach 2024: Kind: captions Language: en are you sick and tired of posting on Facebook and getting two likes and one comment it's completely Soul destroying spending all that time thinking of a post writing the content and creating some graphical Masterpiece on CA to then realize half your engagement is your mom well I'm going to show you exactly how to increase likes comments and shares with genuine potential customers interested in your business including my favorite method at the end of this video so stay tuned the main reason your posts are not get an engagement is because they're simply just not being seen Facebook are putting them all into a box at the back of the shelf and making it hard to see the current average reach for an organic Facebook post is 2.2% but could be as low as 1.1 for some brand pages to put this into perspective if you have a Facebook page with 1,500 followers your post may only be shown to as few as 33 people this is the reason why Facebook is a billion pound company and you can see why with stats like this now you don't have to spend a lot of money boosting your post you can do this with as little as $5 per post as long as you target the Right audience you also benefit from repeated interaction a user from a boosted post engages with your post then they are a lot more likely to see future posts also the other big advantage of boosting your content is it looks great to potential customers busy posts show people that a product or service is worth looking at when it comes to engaging a user nothing comes close than video content here are a few handy tips to use while creating videos for your Facebook business page upload videos directly on Facebook Facebook's algorithm prefers native videos that are posted on their platform on average your engagement rate will increase by 110% compared to sharing videos experiment with square videos Square videos are easy to watch and more popular as well they normally receive higher engagement average views and completion rates than any other video type add captions 85% of Facebook videos are watch with sound off and 39% of consumers are more likely to finish a video with [Music] subtitles sometimes the key to increasing Facebook engagement is to look into the past let's say you have a post that knocks it out of the park tons of Li and shares and plenty of love in the comment section rather than treat this post as a oneoff you should instead take the steps to recreate this same social magic again maybe it was an unexpected picture perhaps it was an epic case study either way you should pay close attention to your top performing content and aim to replicate this to better break down that activity take a close look at your Facebook analytics and see firsthand what's receiving the most reach improving your Facebook pages engagement isn't a oneandone affair if someone takes the time to comment on your content you should return the favor yourself let's have it said no one likes to send a text message and be n now do they people want to interact with Brands which is the reason why so many businesses that reply to comments gain more interactions people these days expect a social response within 4 hours of commenting timely responses are a must replying to comments on your post is not only a great way to Signal engagement to Facebook but also keeps your users happy happy people equals potential customers after all if nothing else taking the time to reply to people shows you good at listening to them this is a good look from a brand perspective and also encourages more interaction amongst the rest of the people on your page if you don't have time to respond to every single message you can create a Facebook chat bot to do so for you Facebook loves content and the more you can give it the more it will give you back in the way of visibility and engagement it's important like any social media platform that you have consistency when posting and have a schedule to do so ideally minimum of a three a week ensuring the quality of the content is always at its highest if you cannot keep up with the quality then reduce the amount of post quality over quantity will always win the battle people are a lot more likely to engage when they are being asked a question asking simple questions like what do you prefer between Disney or Pixar films makes it easy for people to answer without having to think about it too hard if you can though try and make the topic related to your business for example if you run a clothing business you could ask which outfit do you prefer between these two pictures making your questions funny or relevant to current trending subjects can boost your engagement even further as Facebook continues its Crackdown on clickbaits with regular changes to their algorithm companies are forced to rethink how they earn engagement on their posts for example adding to your post saying please like or share this post is engagement bait and Facebook algorithm will penalize you for pushing out this kind of post on average people spend three times more watching a Facebook live video than regular videos and are 10 times more likely to comment with this in mind it's worth knowing that when it comes to Facebook videos live videos perform better have potential to reach more people and increase your Facebook engagement rate that's because when you go live your video shoots to the top of the followers news feed also people regularly interact with your page or recently done so get a notification let them know you've gone live even better after the live broadcast is over the video appears on your Facebook business page from there you can continue promoting it on your site share it on other social media platforms or share Snippets of it on your page here are some great tips of going live on Facebook have a Q&A session or ask me anything session share an event interview industry experts or share educational content or howto tips Facebook want people to stay on their platform and don't like it when you try to send them to another website you can't blame them we want our website visitors to stay on our website too when creating a post instead of linking to an article or sharing a YouTube video Simply upload these directly to Facebook to keep them on their platform they will reward you for doing this with more visibility and engagement this is the biggest mistake I see people make when creating posts although you can sell to your your audience it should never be your sole objective it should be subconscious selling so potential customers don't realize they're being sold to let's have it said there's nothing worse than going into a car showroom and a Salesman running straight over to you you have to remember your audience is the same as you and haven't even come into their showroom they only walking past a great example of social selling is taking a picture of your dog next to your product with the caption we love bringing our Fury friends into the office office everyone loves a cute dog it just so happens that your product's in the shop I hope you enjoyed this video and I'd appreciate it if you subscribe to stay tuned for future videos make sure you check out one of my other videos here also

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhitePineBooks [1 likes]: Very informative!
  2. @Rebekah-r7p [1 likes]: Ur new subs ❤
  3. @SandeepaSandaruwan-y9e: nice
  4. @AliceEvans-jy3mo: So tried with that
  5. @Dantaliss: ❤
  6. @VegmanYiw: Subscribed
  7. @nwachukwu-l1l: Good
  8. @Aritistic007: There's more engagement in regards to social media interaction than Jean Luc Picard can say it!

Facebook is dying thank god.
  9. @KyngRyan90: Square video??
  10. @lobyalex: Bro has 3.5k subs and he gained 170k views well done buddy good advice 💪😊
  11. @Sherishkhalid-f5z: https://youtube.com/shorts/pttc-OI4_9k?si=PISG2H_uqVac4wEv
  12. @thewanderingarsh: Nothing works
  13. @Masterbonesmith-e5l: Also, use a British accent in your commentary.  Americans will watch longer. Seriously. Thanks for the video
  14. @YiayiaandAlexa: Thanks Adam this is really informative as I am struggling to increase followers and in turn memberships for a gym.
  15. @Moses-qn3xr: Thanks for the update.
  16. @Coachchaplet27: I'm thinking all this if it works but i will try it
  17. @MdTipuSultan-g3f: Nice
  18. @DannysStoryverse: Good one bro
  19. @travelswithdebbierandy: Good video
  20. @theIllumination-tv: Nice. ❤

- Get More Facebook Engagement 🤩 [10 Proven Strategies]: Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Dave from unipro and in this video I'm going to show you how to get way more engagement on all your Facebook posts before I started doing what you're about to see this was sort of typical for a Facebook post of mine I might get you know 20 30 40 maybe 50 comments and likes which might sound good it might sound bad to you but after doing the steps that I'm about to show you in this video this is what I'm typically getting on Facebook post now you can see that this post has 769 comments and 219 likes huge Improvement following the steps you're about to see in this video you can easily double triple even five or 10x the amount of Engagement you get on all your Facebook posts and the best part is there are just 10 simple steps you need to take in order to see these results so let's dive in so if you're creating content on Facebook and you're not getting engagement that's a problem because if you're not getting engagement then you're not getting leads you don't know who's actually seeing your content if they don't stop and engage and not only are you not getting leads but it doesn't feel good to put all the effort into creating content put wishing out to the world and then not getting a response in return you don't know if people are actually benefiting from your content engagement is so crucial to keep you motivated so that you keep on creating good content well some people might tell you that the solution is simply to create more content they say if you create more content on Facebook you're going to train your audience to give you more engagement but that's exactly the opposite of what you should be doing instead there are 10 simple strategies you can Implement right now that will dramatically improve the number of people who are engaging on your Facebook post so the first solution is to fix your profile banner and when I go over here I'm just going to use the this example I'm not picking on this particular person because a lot of people on Facebook are making this mistake notice this Banner here this is what's representing this person this is what new leads are seeing this is what people notice first when they come over to this person's profile and what does this Banner say to you to me I see banners like this and it says sales it says that this person is trying to sell something so there's a call to action here saying click on this link do this thing clearly this is used for selling and just imagine if you have a banner like this it's your biggest real estate on Facebook and you're sending a message to anyone who sees your post hey I'm all about the sales are people who see your content going to be more or less likely to engage well people are feeling like you're trying to sell to them they're going to become less and less likely to engage in your content because they don't want to receive a sales pitch so what can you do I'm going to go over to my profile here and you'll see that I've got a professional looking Banner but there's no sales pitch at all I've got a picture of my wife and I and my favorite verse from the Bible so now when people see this they're not dissuaded from engaging on my content because they're afraid of receiving a sales pitch no now it feels safe for them to engage that's what you want as well second you want to fix your profile intro let's go over here and you can see the intro for this person it says access bars facilitator life NLP coach blogger public figure there's a lot of information here that makes it confusing for the audience of this person to understand who is this person what are they all about what benefit do they have to add to my life there's a good saying that says if you confuse them you lose them if you confuse your audience you lose your audience so instead you want to be very direct and straightforward as to what value you have to offer let's go take a look at my intro and you'll see here it says I'm a husband I'm a dad I'm an entrepreneur and I'm all about community building and then there's one simple call to action here that allows people to click on this link if they want to learn more notice it's not a hard sales pitch but there's an opportunity for people to dive in deeper when they're ready and so when you make an intro that's very easy it's very straightforward like this then your audience knows what you're all about and they're going to be much more likely to engage in your content if they don't know what your mission is it's hard for them to cheer for you it's hard for them to engage on your content so that's number two fix your bio number three is to make it E easier for your new followers to engage with you and I'll show you how to do that over here you'll notice on my bio I've got this pin post and a pin post simply means that this is going to stay at the top of your Facebook profile so all your new leads or your new followers when they come over to your profile what's the very first thing they see they see this pined post it's very important that your PIN post has a lot of engagement on it so when you go down here you'll see that this post has almost 400 comments 151 likes what this does when you pin a post that is highly engaged upon when your new followers or your new fans or your new leads they see that it's like social proof saying yeah the content that you're creating is a safe place to engage therefore it makes sense that this new lead or follower will also engage they don't have to worry they're not the only one contrast that with if a new lead or follower showed up to your profile and the post that's at the top of your feed the first thing that they see is something that got one like or one comment now that first impression is going to be set that your content isn't a safe place or good place to engage upon so make sure you pin a post to the top of your feed that has a lot of Engagement how do you do that you simply go down to the post let me find another one here I'm going to use this one click on the three dots and then click on pin post you can only pin one post so make sure it's a good one number four if you want to get more engagement on your content on Facebook is to post less content but to make sure that content is better content I'm going to show you an example by going over to my content calendar here's my content calendar over in the unipro software and you can see I've got all my content all planned out here notice how few pieces of content there are let me show you the posts in blue that start with P those are posts that are going on my personal profile and in any given week notice how many posts there are that are going to my profile there's one right here there's another here so there's a written post and then there's a real the other place that I post content is inside my free Facebook group and those are in red they say a Andi audience and influence notice how many pieces of content go there there's a post here every Tuesday which is an image post with written content and there's a post here on Thursday which is a pre-recorded video that's four pieces of content every single week and maybe you're used to posting a whole lot more content than this but let me ask you something if you're posting daily or twice a day or three times a day is it possible to create that much content and to keep the quality of your content very high so that when people see your content they know it's going to be good and they're super ready to engage because they've experienced in the past that your content always delivers value it's very hard to establish that sort of pattern and that sort of behavior with your audience if you're posting too frequently so I challenge you to post less but think about increasing the quality of your post so your audience starts being trained to engage with the high value that they receive number five is to not post AI generated content research has shown that AI generated content gets 35% less reach and engagement than posts that are written by humans and that even goes for using meta AI maybe you already dove into meta Ai and you're using it to create your content I'll show you an example here I'm going to say create uh 200w post about getting leads online and then meta AI is going to go and it's going to write this post for me and it can be tempting to take this post copy it over to Facebook and post that as your piece of content for the day but like I said posting content like this is almost guaranteed to get you a reduced reach and far fewer engagements but you might ask well if Facebook doesn't like AI generated content why does it generate AI content for you and the reason is this can be a starting point so you can use meta AI to do some research to get new ideas for Content but then go and write those yourself use your own personality your own flavor so that when you post that content the Facebook algorithm isn't going to identify that as AI generated content and your reach the number of people who see your post is going to go up and the number of people who actually choose to engage is also going to increase number six if you want to get more engagement on all your posts on Facebook you must engage with every single person who comments on any of your posts it still surprises me how many people will post content let comments show up on that content and then do nothing with it you need to reward your audience like their comments and then reply to their comments let me show you an example here over in one of my Facebook groups audience and influence and you can see this post here it says these seven posts are guarant guaranteed to get paying clients and then I showed a little screenshot wrote a little bit of copy and you'll notice in this case there's 342 comments well when you go through the comments what do you notice every single comment will have gotten a response from me if I open this up and we'll take a look at all the comments here tons of Engagement here every single person not only will have gotten a response from me but they'll also have gotten a like from me and in this case you'll see Evan just sent you details in messenger see it they're also getting a message from me messenger think about what this does for your audience they are being trained that when they take the time to engage in your content you're going to notice them you're going to give them a like you're going to reply in the comments you might even send them a DM and messenger they know that they're not wasting their time by engaging with you in addition to that the Facebook algorithm loves this Facebook sees that you're creating all kinds of conversations on your content and over in messenger and so Facebook's going to show your content to more people who are also likely to engage now for me I do automate this process because this can take a lot of time to reply to all these people and start conversations so I I do use the unipro software over here I use a tool called Prospect by post where you simply put in your post URL you set up your settings for all your comment replies and you tell unipro what you want to say when you start the DM Conversation Over In messenger and then you click on launch and unipro goes to work it goes through your post it finds all the comments that need a reply it replies on your behalf it likes those comments and it strikes up those conversations in messenger this is so important if you do nothing else from this video please do this one thing reply to every comment give people's comments a like and then if you can send them a message over in Messenger as you repeat this you're going to get more and more engagement on all your content that's number six the seven strategy for getting more engagement on all your content is to strike up conversations with all your new leads let me show you an example here I'm over in a Facebook group it's called Canadian dads let's just imagine that I'm a fitness coach and I'm looking for leads who are interested in getting in shape so in this example if you're targeting dads specifically you might join a Facebook group like this that's full of almost 11,000 Canadian dads surely they're going to be a lot of dads in here who want to get in shape then what you might do is find some posts inside that group and start engaging with people who are already engaged inside the group so you can see in this example there's this post here and there's 82 comments already so what you could do is you could add some value you could comment on this post yourself you could perhaps reply to some of these comments and then you could start sending friend requests so as an example if I thought Gary was a good lead I might send him a friend request now a lot of business owners they stop there they just send a friend request and hope the person accepts the friend request and then hopes that person's going to engage on their content you can be a whole lot more proactive I'm going to show you what to do over inside a messenger this is what I do every single new lead who I become friends with to get a message from me inside a messenger and you can see here I've got all my leads labeled inside a messenger using unipro and you'll see I'm going to come to someone like let's use Daniel as an example here Daniel he's a new lead we became friends when I sent him a friend request and now I go over to messenger and I send him this message says hey Daniel nice to connect with you here enjoy your day notice there's no sales pitch or anything I'm simply being nice and welcoming what this does for you is two things first off it trains the Facebook algorithm that you're doing the types of things on Facebook that Facebook likes so your content is going to be seen by more people but specifically this case Daniel because he and I are in a messenger conversation he's more likely to see my content and because we're in a nice conversation here where I'm not selling him anything when he sees my content he's going to be much more likely to engage and that's true for you as well every single one of your new leads needs to get a DM inside a messenger number eight is to use your bulk tags sparingly and a bulk tag is simply a tag that you can put on your piece of content so that many people get a notification I'll show you an example here I'm going to go back over into my audience and influence group and let's go down to this particular post here and I'm going to go into a comment and I'm going to use at and then the everyone and you'll see here it is this is the bulk tag at everyone so this is one that you can use inside of a group so that many people inside your group are going to be sent a notification about this particular piece of content and there are a number of different bulk tags you can use @ followers on posts on your personal profile where you can highlight a particular ular post that you made and at first glance it looks like this could be amazing if you want to get more engagement just start using these bulk tags on all of your content in theory more people will see your content and more people will engage unfortunately the reverse actually happens when you use these bulk tags too frequently it tells your audience basically that you're spamming them they're getting tagged on all of your content not necessarily content that's actually going to help them and when your audience feel spammed are they more or less likely to engage in your content well you guessed it they're going to become less and less likely to engage with with you so instead here's the strategy that I use when I create a piece of content like this one and I post it let's say inside a Facebook group in this example but this could work for anywhere where you post content sit back and watch the response so in this case I noticed that right away people started engaging I started getting likes I started getting comments this tells me that this piece of content it's something that my audience is interested in it's a proven piece of content so now that I know that it's proven that it adds value it starts conversation now I can be confident that if I were to use a bulk tag and get more people from my audience looking at this piece of content they're also going to be likely to engage because the post is proven so if you're thinking about using a bulk tag don't use it right away create your piece of content post it watch the natural response from your audience if you have a winning post bulk tag that post so that you're training your audience that when they get tagged on a post it's a good one it's one that they wouldn't want to miss and therefore they're going to watch for your tags and they're going to be more likely to engage on your content now that was a post inside my Facebook group and So speaking of Facebook groups if do have one and you want to get more quality leads inside your group so that more people see your content and more people engage on your content I've got an amazing process it's three steps that's guaranteed to fill up any Facebook group I follow these steps to add thousands of members to all my Facebook groups and you can do it as well I'll put a link in the description of this vide so you can access that strategy and start following it to add new members to your Facebook group today the ninth strategy that allow you to get more engagement on all your content is to use your insights I'm going to show you over here on my profile when I click on these three dots I've turned on my professional mode and I I highly recommend that you do as well you're going to start getting data about which posts your audience like and which posts they're most likely to engage on so make sure you have your professional mode turned on once you do that you'll see this button here that says view tools go ahead and click on that and let's go over to your content you're going to see a list of all your most recent posts here what you want to do is two things first off you want to go over to date and you want to sort this by engagement and this is going to show you your post that already garnered the most engagement and most likely when you do this you're going to start to see some Trends what types of posts are your audience most interested in what topics do they care about most and so when I go down here I see a couple Trends right off the bat often for me my most engaged post so this is a text post on a colored background I get a ton of engagement on these my audience really likes them then you can go and analyze all your posts that are ordered by engagement the second thing that I like to do is go back up here and then sort this by not engagement but by postre and this is a little bit different than engagement this is how many times Facebook showed your content and so you'll see in my case here that my number one result is the same for both the post that got the most engagement is also the post that got the most reach and that's likely going to be true for you as well however you might find that there are some other posts that Facebook really liked and showed to a lot of people and perhaps those posts didn't actually get that much engagement and so this provides really important data it shows not only what is your audience most likely to engage on but what type of content does Facebook like and so then you can start to look for the overlaps for Content that your audience engages on and content that Facebook shows to a lot of people that's your sweet spot those are the types of posts you want to recreate over and over again so you're guaranteed to get seen by a lot of people and to get engagement and finally the 10th strategy for getting more engagement on all your posts on Facebook is simply to be likable there's many business owners when they decide to start using Facebook for business all of their content becomes about business everything that they're posting is selling or trying to nurture leads and that can become tiring for your audience and it also prevents them from getting to know you I'm going show you an example of a post over on my profile that I created so that my audience gets to know me a little bit here's a picture of me and my wife and my daughter here on our way to church and this post has nothing to do with business no it shows an inside scoop into my life so that my audience understands I'm a real person not just a business owner and when you start doing this you're going to find that your audience members maybe will engage on posts like this these personal posts but over time as they engage on these posts they're going to start seeing more of your business content and again they're being trained to engage with you So eventually they're going to start engaging on your business content as well so there you have it 10 simple strategies to guarantee you're going to get more engagement on all your Facebook content and these are exactly the strategies that I use but I also have a secret weapon and that secret weapon is unipro unipro is a tool that goes out on of Facebook it finds your ideal leads it brings those leads over into your audience it nurtures those leads it makes sure leads see your content and it makes offers to your leads so that they can buy from you and the best part is it's all automated unipro has been a game changer for my business and I know it will be for you as well so that's what I've got for you in this video If this video was helpful give it a like if you have any questions about getting more engagement on your Facebook content go ahead and leave those in the comment section below I'm happy to help out and again if you're using Facebook to grow your business you got to be using unipro go over to uno.com and know you're going to love it thanks for checking out this video can't wait to see it in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CoachesOnFire [2 likes]: Looking for more ways to GROW your audience and MONETIZE on Facebook? Join our community where we post all of our resources, research and strategies: https://www.facebook.com/groups/audienceandinfluence
See you inside!
  2. @JacobDover-s4m [2 likes]: I need to be better on Facebook in the name of Jesus Christ amen l can do this baby !!!!!!.
  3. @MoriL-v7v [1 likes]: So to create posts of real person but not business,the mothed need to know
  4. @kdh-universe: Thank you for this amazing tips ❤❤
  5. @MagentaBeanGamingCommunity: Im here cause I don't have engagement hah pin a post with engagement. 😂
  6. @siddu.k.m: K M Siddhesh tavadur Harapanahalli karnHta  BEku curreney iLLA
  7. @BoreNoMore2053: great video no doubt...🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  8. @nonsoakuneziri1417: Please does yunipro have an app?
  9. @esgiegee9576: This is. A GOLD MINE. I wanna hug you!
  10. @RockclusiveTVwithTonyaMack: Question…..I was all the way with you until you said, “Every new lead should get a message in Messenger….”  What if a lot of guys are just trying to date or be inappropriate in the DM’s?
  11. @RockclusiveTVwithTonyaMack: Love the video and LOVE when you mentioned the Bible!!🙌🏽🙌🏽❤️
  12. @PhiwaNkoai075: Thanks  a lot
  13. @PorshCPT: This is great and what I needed to feel supported a long the way because it can be discouraging when not wanting to be a content creator but want to create engagement for leads
  14. @syndicmedia-l7d: Thanks
  15. @lifewellspent2584: Why can’t I change my fb to professional mode?
  16. @JennyHansenLane: Are you LDS?
  17. @NwaguAmeachi: How  i will i know  when new  come up on Facebook
  18. @NwaguAmeachi: I love  you bro
  19. @badkiss_studios: Thanks alot.
  20. @badkiss_studios: Thanks

- HOW TO Organically Increase Facebook Engagement & Reach 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to organically grow your Facebook following in 2026, but just not sure how, this is the video for you. In 2025, I gained over 1 million followers and tens of thousands of ad revenue across all my businesses. And what I'm going to do is break down the exact methods that I used. Take one of my businesses, Dance.fit. Over the last 90 days, the account has gained over 44,000 new subscribers and 1,600 in ad revenue. Here is a breakdown of exactly how you can do the same and the exact methods I used. So, first and foremost, we need to talk about content. You used to be able to get away with good content. However, things have drastically changed over the last few years, and now it has to be great content. There's several areas to this which I'm going to go through, and I've made a few notes so I can basically describe it in a lot more detail for you. Normally we have three metrics of good content and what makes it good in Facebook's eyes. So first we have retention. So retention is the amount of time and length of time that someone will watch that video and then retain them via that video. The next metric is engagement. Now engagement is someone who likes or comments within that post. So, if you're getting a post that's got a lot of comments and a lot of likes to it, that's got great engagement. And last, not but least, we have sharability. Now, for me, this is probably the most useful metric that you can target. The reason for it is that Facebook absolutely loves content that's shared. And the reason for it is that if I see a real for instance and I I share that I normally share it with a couple of friends then them couple of friends are coming back to Facebook to view that video. So that's why Facebook love it so much. It's getting other people to come to the platform and when you start tsing that by thousands and millions it becomes a lot. So sharability make sure that that's one of the main factors. Now obviously you know them three factors but how do you actually make content that actually creates them three engaging factors. So let's look at them three factors. So first of all we've got retention. Now with retention the easiest way to think about this is if you have a minute long reel someone's got to watch that the whole way through for a minute which is a lot of commitment. What you got to bear in mind is when someone is on Facebook, they're scrolling against their feed and they suddenly land on one of your reels. Now, don't get me wrong, normally it's something that they're interested in because Facebook's algorithm is really good. But if it isn't or if it's something that's just stopped them, you've got to make them watch that full minute. So, the best way, and the way that I've grown the account I mentioned, dance.fit, to where it is now, is make shorter videos. So, if you have a video that's say 6 to 7 seconds long or upwards of 10, it's a lot easy for someone to view all that video. The other interesting thing is if you have a video that's 6 to 7 seconds, normally what happens is because it's so short, they end up watching it again. So, you're getting like double retention on that video. So, it's really important that factor. So typically, and you can't always do this, but a lot of videos that I'll put out there are under 10 seconds for that very reason. It gets really good retention rates. So next up, we have engagement. So there's various things that you can do for engagement to increase the overall people that make comments and like your content. Normally the easiest method is giving something away for free. Um, you'll see this a lot with tools like ManyHat. And what happens is you'll basically give away a free PDF or you'll give away um you know, for instance, we do this and we do like recipe packs or a 7-day email challenge. And if someone comments, it automatically chases um that person to get their email address and and uh things like that. So, what that's really good for is in order for them to get that free asset, they have to make a comment or they have to like. So that's really useful to get engagement on a post. The other thing that you can do as well which is really useful is you can link to an article whether that be on a website or another website and in the actual description you can put see first comment and by doing that they have to go into the comment section and start reading. Normally it gets them to engage as well. So that's one typical method of creating engagement that isn't just someone acting. The other great method that I tend to use when I want to create engagement is I'll just ask a question. It's as simple as that. So, you know, for instance, we did a post over December and it was asking what their favorite Christmas song is. It just create high engagement because people wanted to actually interact with that account. Now, obviously, it doesn't work all the time and you've got to think about outside the box with these types of things, but just asking simple questions sometimes can boost engagement on what you're putting out there. And last, but not least, we've got sharability. Now, this is the most difficult one because you got to really think about the content that you're creating. In order for someone to share your content, it's normally got to tick one of the following boxes. So, the first one is, is the content funny? People love to share funny content. It's probably the most things that I receive within my inbox. Second of all, does it warm the heart? Does it touch some sensitive side? Um, think about a family reunion. that type of content is normally really sharable or content adds value to something. So there your three normal metrics that actually normally get something sharable. But don't forget that valuebased content has to be really valuable. It can't just be surface level. You have to go deep down. So if we're talking about Facebook growth for instance, then give them an actionable tip that is useful. Don't just talk surface level about what you can achieve. give them something that they can actually do and then that will be shared amongst other people. Next we have consistency. Now I know you will have heard so much this is a buzzword that's been going around for so many years but it's so so true and it's more relevant today than it ever has been. Now when we talk about all platforms, Facebook in particular is a very difficult platform to get organic reach for is one of the oldest and because of that it makes it really difficult because there's so many people also on the platform. So consistency is key here. Now I like to think of this in two ways. So if you can consistently make great content do so. If you can't do less. I always use the principle of if I can only make three reels per week that are really great, then that's fine. I will put that out there. If I can make three and then two that aren't great, they're just okay. I'll keep to the three. Now, obviously, Facebook want you to post daily. All of their their efforts are getting people to use the platform so that people will then spend ad revenue with them. So, think of it like that. Are you creating content that people are staying engaged with? And because you're doing that, Facebook will reward you for it. Now, all your platforms are like that. Whether it's Tik Tok, Instagram, Facebook, every single one is exactly the same. However, Facebook obviously obviously we're talking about it. It wants you to post daily. But like I say, for me, consistency only works if you create great content. So, as long as you're creating great content, I would be happy with me personally doing three to four posts per week that are great because they are going to get shared. They are going to get engagement and they are going to get long watch time. Now, next up, we have the type of content you should be posting. And for me, there's only one option, and that's reals. I have tried and tested so many different methods of content, whether it be image, text, or reals. And for me, the way to organically grow on Facebook and the one that's proved time and time again, the So, if you really want to grow in 2026, you have to be making high quality reels. So, I know what some of you might be saying here right now is how can I create highquality reels when I don't like being on camera or I am not very creative. There's ways of doing this. Now, obviously, it is better if you if you're the face of the business and you want to basically promote your business, then yes, talking head videos, you getting out there, that is number one priority. However, it's not the only solution. So, what I tend to tell a lot of people if they're shy of getting in front of camera or they're not very creative, they can't create reals themselves, is you can do a little trick with um textbased image and that will make reals for you. So, let me give you an example. So, what you can do is you could open Cat Cut for instance. You could use an image, any kind of image. It doesn't really matter as long as it's relevant to the subject that your business is in, and simply put text over that image. Make it five to six seconds long and then upload that as a video. It will upload that as a real because you've basically used an image with text over and because it's on Cap Cut, you've exported as a video. So, it will automatically think it's a real. Again, you could just upload that as an image, but by doing it as a real and doing what I've just said will help the organic growth for quite a few reasons. Like I say, if it's 5 to 6 seconds, like I mentioned previously, people will watch that and tend to watch it again because they didn't quite get it within that 5 to 6 seconds. So, you'll get that retention by doing it that that way. I always like as well to use music from the library of Facebook and then match that with what I'm trying to promote as well. Um you can use trending sounds for instance. Um that seems to work really well. Quite a lot of videos that I managed to get 2 3 million views on have all been from tapping into trending tap. Now if you're not sure about reals and you're sitting there thinking to yourselves, I cannot do this because I don't like being in front of camera. I'm not very creative. You can drop this down to a base level. That's very, very easy. So, if you just start by doing this, so if you open Cat Cut for instance, or download it if you haven't got it, just use an image that's relevant to the subject that you want to get found for. Put some text over that image and then make it five to six seconds long. Export that as a video and then you can upload that to Facebook and it will automatically think it's a real because technically it is. If you make it 5 to 6 seconds, like I say, typically what happens is they rewatch that video. So, basically, you're hitting the other points that I've mentioned. Now, obviously, it's not great content, but it's a starting point. Not everyone is at the same level. So, if you're if you're just starting out, I normally suggest to people start with that. It's easy. It normally gets some traction and at least it allows you to build upon that. Also, as well, another little tip that I normally do is if you come across some trending sounds on Facebook and attach that to one of them reels, it normally increases the engagement and the boost to of your visibility. Now, I've had a few videos that have popped off to like 3 4 million over the last 12 months, and it's just by doing that exact method. Um, nothing nothing other than that. So, it can work. It's not the best types of content, but at least it gets you started. Now, next we have boosting posts. You will have heard very conflicting things about this on the internet. Should I boost my post? Should I pay for exposure? There's a big group that say yes, and there's a big group that say no. I actually live in the middle here. I've had plenty of accounts that just struggled in the early days due to their niches not being as attractive as others and I have helped them along the way with running small ad campaigns boosting engagement and it does work. It does work. I don't believe that that should be your long-term plan because a it becomes very expensive, but also as well, you are always going to pay for the privilege of it rather than you organically getting found. But if you're a brand new account and you really want to boost exposure, I would boost a couple of posts that have done well. Um, you need to make sure that you're not just boosting something that has had zero engagement. I would boost something on a low amount, say upward to $50, and as long as you purely pick engagement, it can increase the amount of likes that come to your page. Now, you have to target the people, right? So, please make sure that when you're doing that, you're not targeting people that are not going to be potential customers because at the end of the day, what's the point? So, you know, if you if your product or service or business only caters for women, just target women, for instance. Like, there's no point of opening up to men. Or if you just deal with the UK, for instance, don't go targeting the rest of the world. Like, at the end of the day, this is to boost your overall um engagement for your account. So, you want the relevant people there that actually are going to continue to like and engage and view your previous and future posts. Now, finally, I have a little hidden gem for you. Now, this has been really, really successful for some of my businesses that have just really struggled for one reason or another. You have two different types of content normally. And entertainmentbased content, which a few of my businesses are around, do really really well naturally. Other more business related channels that I operate and I run, they are more difficult. So things like boosting the post etc. do play a part. Now there's another little trick which I want to go into which has proved really really um really good for me. What it basically entails is engaging with other bigger pages. So here's an example of it. I have got a business within the AI sector and obviously the amount of stuff on AI is just unreal at the minute and rightly so because it's a big big subject but there's quite a lot of big companies that are discussing this that are in the news and what you can do is tap into that so for example my product is an AI related product I then can go and I do this there's always new subjects that come up pretty much daily and the bigger companies end up sharing them. So what I do is I read and I digest one of the articles. I'll make a comment regarding that and then I will look on the other bigger websites for their channels and then I'll go into their pages and I will comment on when they've shared that article cuz more than often they they do my me sharing my comment on there. What normally happens and you have to be the fastest finger first with this really other people will then engage with you and also then click on you and then see what your page is about. This works really really well. You end up getting around 10 to 15 new followers per day doing this method if you're interacting with the right type of accounts. Now, there's the zero point of you talking about a subject page that's completely not relevant. What you got to think about is the page has to be relevant to what your business or what you're talking about. Otherwise, it just doesn't work because the audience isn't the same. You know, if if I'm talking about the dance business, for instance, the one I I showed you right at the beginning, and then what I do is I go on to a techbased page and start commenting on that, it's completely not relevant. But if I go to a dancebased page and then comment, that then creates a lot of engagement and then they go to my page and then they become followers. So, I hope that makes sense to you. If you want to take this a step further, which I highly recommend, you want to open a public group alongside your page. Now, this is really effective for a couple of reasons. A, there's a little option that you can tag on. And what that does is it will automatically invite people when they've followed your page. Now, this is really useful a because it's building up a group alongside your page for free. It's not doing anything. You're not doing any extra work. But the major thing here is within a group, you can basically tag and mention the whole entire group. You've got no restrictions. So if you put a new post out there, you can basically reach the entire group on your page. You are limited. Now with a group, you can tag all members within that group once a day. So there's no limitations from day one. With a Facebook page, however, you can only tag all members when you've reached 20,000. So, you're capped until you reach that point. So, if you're starting a brand new account or you're just trying to scale from a low amount, you're limited. But with the group, you can tag every single member. So, it's really easy to get that cross engagement onto your page within your group. So, I highly recommend this. This is a really great way for fast growth within your Facebook page. Now, if you found this video useful, what you need to do is check out this next video where I break down three of my top performing videos over the last 6 months, which all have millions of views. I'm going to show you exactly how I achieved it, why it achieved it, and the ad revenue that they achieved as well. So go check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @2lovebeer [9 likes]: Where's the link to your Facebook page where you got over 1 million followers?
  2. @HobbyNostalgia [6 likes]: I don't believe videos shorter then 10 seconds are monetizable.
  3. @Icemanmodeler [4 likes]: All these platforms are garbage!
  4. @IcLib-vn [2 likes]: Regarding "borrow retention from big pages", should I use my page or my profile to comment on those pages?
  5. @IdaexploringSpain [1 likes]: Thanks for this tips, with all the updates its really hard to grow...
  6. @SinaloSibanga-o9h [1 likes]: I am digital Creator and i need help me on Facebook people don't like my posts and don't like my profile picture
  7. @AllBrightColors [1 likes]: FYI if you are in the monetization program on Facebook, you reels have to be a MINIMUM of 10 seconds to be eligible for monetization. STories a minimum of 5 seconds. 5 second minimum watch time for Reels.
  8. @matejgajer [1 likes]: I posting 2 videos per day per page and im scaling with more pages , im posting 8 videos per day every day  , im dooing organic marketing for product and working the best ..grow is more quicker than just 3 post per week per page that's nothing if you do some serious stuff and know how to monetise platforms
  9. @BibleTVAnimations [1 likes]: bro im staring from zero do  i just start posting reels?
  10. @chidera_miracle [1 likes]: Very useful.

Thanks!
  11. @SCOMICS20: This is spot on! 💡 Another huge hack I've been teaching my students lately is \(x^2-3x+2=0\)... wait, wrong window! 😉 But seriously, focusing on [mention a specific metric, e.g., the first 3 seconds of a Reel] changed the game for my page. I actually just broke down the exact step-by-step for this on my latest video if anyone wants to see how I do it!"
  12. @TheVlad69: fb bans my accounts for sharing daily
  13. @leoborros: Hes full. Of shit
  14. @GuyBeats: How do I reach 125k views consistently
  15. @sofianealem1591: C'est très intéressant ce que vous dîtes monsieur
  16. @tochooseornottochoose: Thanks.
  17. @ChristineChrisMcNulty: Greetings sir i run a Facebook group at firs i was get 100 to 200 followers per day on my Facebook group but since some to now i hardly get 5 followers per day what should I do please
  18. @jessicawashington1972: Repurposing your content is a great way to get it done

- Increase Facebook Ad Engagement - Classified Marketing Tips: Kind: captions Language: en the marketing tip you are about to view is highly classified the experts and advice in this video are real we have done everything in our power to protect their identities all right classified marketing tip how to increase engagement on your Facebook Ads boost your post to fans of your page and their friends you'll start to generate excitement with an audience that already is a fan of your brand next from within ads manager run your posts as an ad to a larger targeted audience to non-fans of your page this audience will see the buzz already generated from your previous boost and are more likely to engage with your post ya know so just like it sounds a CH you are CH Church yeah [Music]

- How To Make More High Converting Facebook Ad Creatives: Kind: captions Language: en if you've been running Facebook ads this year you've probably at least heard at some point how important ad creatives are for the overall success of your Facebook ad account and if for some reason you haven't heard that let me tell you ad creatives are probably one of the most important things for your actual ad account in order to see success but the thing is is so many people struggle to actually create ads that can convert I remember when I first stumbled across ad creatives I thought all I need to do is just put creatives in there and they'll all work but very quickly if you you follow that strategy you will realize that just because you are actually putting new ads into your account doesn't mean that you're going to get results especially when you're paying $50 to $100 for a video you don't do any research to actually understand what you should be putting in your ad and on top of that you don't have a team that can actually execute proper ad creatives for you but even if you do have an incredible content creation system you're doing tons of research to make better ads and you have a phenomenal team underneath you it still does not guarantee that you will find winning ad creatives to scale your account but in today's video what I'm going to be showing you is something that is so simple to do that literally anybody can do it and when we actually implemented this at our agency is something that we do every single week for our clients our overall ad hit rate essentially how many winning ads we're making per month actually doubled as a result so just to jump right in and not waste any time the one thing that I'm actually talking about here is something called ad creative review and now before you click off of this and be like are you serious this is what he's talking about well I would probably guarantee you that you have not reviewed every single ad creative that you've ever ran in your account and if you have then this video is going to reassure you with that said most of you that are actually creating ads aren't even taking the time to review the ads that you make how is it possible for you to make better ads if you're not actually taking the time to figure out what you did well and what you didn't do well and so for example what I want to talk about today is our exact process of how we study and how we review our ads in order to actually make better ads for our clients now as you can see here this is just an older ad for one of our Brands and what I want to do is actually help you guys understand our approach to studying ads and what we're looking for in this process in order to be able to number one make more winning ads but number two make less losing ads and so for example this is an ad for this client that a little while ago absolutely crushed and was an that was one of our top performers in the ad account and had thousands and thousands of dollars in spend but what I'm telling you to do here is actually dive deeper and start asking yourself better questions around why this ad is winning now the best part about ad review especially after you test your ads thoroughly you're going to know for a fact that either a this was a winning ad and it did really well or B people didn't like this ad and it did not convert so there's no question around whether or not it was a good ad or a bad ad if the ad got spanned is performing it's a good ad and if the ad didn't get spend or is not performing it's a bad ad and so in our process while we're reviewing ads the very very first thing that we do is we literally will sit here and we'll study the hook and just play it on repeat over and over and over again so I'm going to watch this hook he walks into the screen puts the bag down boom that's the first hook now what I'm going to do I'm going to go back and I'm going to watch it again okay the perfect cocky bag doesn't exist dot dot dot boom pause it again go back and watch it what I'm doing in this process is I'm just showing literally showing my brain this visual over and over and over again and I'm trying to look for something that really sticks out or something that I can learn in this first hook because again the hook is one of the most crucial parts to your ad and if your hook sucks the rest of the ad is likely going to suck as well what are we looking for here right like what are the questions that we should be asking ourselves after we've played this video over and over and we continue to watch this let's pause on this message so first thing is the scene right the scene is essentially in this living room or in this house and he walks onto the scene rolling the bag so the first learning that I would take from this knowing that this was a winning ad is what if we did this in like a hockey locker room instead like what if we put this in a better environment and so now when I'm looking at this ad I'm trying to figure out like hey how could we make this better right even though it's a winning ad I want to know what could we do to potentially make it better and so for me because I'm obviously selling a hockey bag here I'm wondering what if we put this inside of an ice rink or what if we do this in the place where people would actually be rolling in which for a lot of people is is going to be the locker room right so that's one thing that what I would do is I would go ahead and write that down and now when it comes to actually storing this stuff down you don't need to over complicate it literally just have a super quick and dirty Google doc and just put two categories here for learnings and ideas that's all you need to do you don't need to get fancy you can just continue to add onto this document but now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back and I'm going to take a look at now something different like let's say for example let's go ahead and take a look at the messaging so the perfect hockey bag doesn't exist dot dot dot and it has this what I'm thinking here is this is obviously more of like a product aware or potentially a problem aware as well now for those of you that don't know anything about Market awareness levels or marketing desires I'd highly encourage you to join our free community down below where I talk more about marketing fundamentals and overall buyer psychology but when I'm looking at this ad what I mean by this is a product aware SL problem aware style Hook is that I'm calling out the product directly in the hook right I'm saying the perfect hockey bag so I'm not saying like what is this like this is some magical it's I'm calling it out right away that this is a hockey bag and I'm saying as well that the perfect one doesn't exist dot dot dot so this is making the assumption that people are potentially not happy with their hockey bags and there's a lot of problems with hockey bags and this one is perfect right because what we're saying here is like perfect hockey bag doesn't exist oh wait hold on what is this right and so when I'm thinking of this hook I'm like not only am I product aware and being very clear about what I'm selling I'm also then alluding that there's a problem with the other hockey bags that are on the mark Market all right now if we go back into the Learning stock again I've just jotted down some more things so there's clearly a problem with traditional hockey bags on the market you know this is more product Weare ad calling out the product specifically and one thing that I wrote down here is that I should probably do more research on what makes you know traditional hockey bags not so good right and then obviously this client and this product in general you're going to have a better understanding like the reason why this client made the product is because of that but if we dive deeper into that we might be able to find better angles there now one other note that I made while I was kind of brainstorming here or just writing things down is that I love the way that this hook starts because as we're looking at it it's like it's setting the scene and it's it's like we're waiting for something to happen right like the the first second there's nothing on screen it's just an empty room and it almost kind of gives me that Vibe of like you know in those scary movies or like when you're watching the car like drive around the hill hopefully my editors can pop that on screen but when they're driving around the hill it's like boom that scary face like comes on the screen and it's like giving that kind of vibe and so it's really hooking me in to be like why is there just a video of like a wall and a floor and some Outlets like that's kind of weird and then boom he walks into the scene I'm looking at it with the mindset of why is this ad doing so well another thing that I really like about this ad as well is the fact that it's a rolling bag and that is something because I've taken the time to do research before that maybe again if I didn't know this and I was going out and doing more research after this around maybe rolling hockey bags that is something where I know rolling hockey bags can stir up a lot of discussion in the in the comments and you can see there's over a 100 comments here of people saying that kind of stuff which I'm going to get to in a second but inside of here you know it's like he's rolling that hockey bag onto the actual screen and on top of that we're saying that this is the perfect one and so for some people that are in the hockey culture if we're saying that this is the perfect hockey bag but then we're rolling it on Wheels and we're not carrying it that also might stir up some commotion or might grab people's attention once again now one of the best things that you can do and I kind of alluded to it there is that you can scroll down and you can actually start reading comments from people to get even more ideas for example as you can see this person left a comment that said I have two now one for ice and one for roller best bags I've ever had so what am I going to do I'm going to go and jot those down in my learnings do and as I was mentioning while I was processing learnings there this person left a comment that said true hockey players actually carry their bags they don't wield them around so again these are things that I'm going to jot down and now we're not even looking at the ad anymore we're more in the comment section but the main thing is is like everything is working together right and so now that we studied the hook and I'm telling you hopefully by me just going through this painfully you're starting to see how these ideas are coming through right and again let's go ahead and keep watching the ad and now this is where I would stop and watch essentially the second screen and as you can see the next text that comes on screen is choose from wheel or carry model and so that is something that's really interesting to me because we're essentially saying like hey we also have another model as well that you can carry but this one just happens to have wheels so for example again going back to my learning doc an idea that I might have here is let's just do the same exact ad but have him walk in with a carry bag right that's something that we could potentially test and then we could inverse it and say choose from wheel or carry or choose from carrier wheel and so as you can see just by taking 5 to 10 minutes here to sit down and just look at the hook we haven't even made it into the rest of the ad which is something that again you can go further and study we're starting to fill up a bit of a document here of new ideas and learnings that are helping us better understand what is resonating with the market and what they want to see the biggest thing that I want you to take away from this brief little example of me studying this ad that it's not about you creating ads that you like it's about creating ads that your customers are going to love for anybody that's ever played Sports I want to refer this as kind of like game tape where you go back and you rewatch your you know what you did before and you're like how can I make this better or where did I mess up or what went wrong and what did we do well and essentially building a document around this stuff to help you do more of the good and less of the bad for example here's an ad that we created that totally flopped and by actually studying this and looking at it we're able able to better understand why we think this didn't do well right you're never going to know for sure and that's probably one of the biggest hacks is actually collaborating with other people during this process so you can get other ideas flowing as well but for example having a headline like this that says this is expensive doesn't tell me anything about the product right maybe it's going to draw me in but again one thing that I know for sure is that this ad didn't work and so saying that this is expensive and now that I'm looking at it it's kind of hard to read and then I see this massive wall of text underneath and again this was a a specific style of ad that we were going for and we were basically doing an imitation of another ad that did perform really well at the end of the day we didn't execute it well for this brand and on top of that it may not just make sense for this brand because we're selling a product that is literally a necklace that starts fires and sharpens their knives so the fact that we're just calling out this is expensive and that's probably the only thing that people are reading because now when I'm looking at this image over and over I'm trying to figure out like why am I in this mysterious forest and like what am I even looking at what's this little thing sticking out on the side like I don't even know what this is and so for example if I was someone that had never seen this again I was not aware of this product this is expensive I'm like okay cool I don't care and I just keep scrolling and so sometimes when we can compare what a winning ad looks like for our client and a losing ad looks like we can start to see where we maybe miss the mark now with all of that said the main takeaway here again is take the time to do the boring stuff take the time to sit down like I just did and review your ads and try to figure out what makes them good if you're just constantly putting ads into your account and you're not taking the time to actually review them and study them to figure out why they worked or why they didn't your entire strategy relies on you hopefully finding a winning ad when you ask me I don't want to get lucky when I create a winning ad I want to have a full intention that I'm creating a winning ad execute it because I know what to do and what not to do and then actually see more winning ads in my account so the biggest takeaway from today is again do the boring stuff study your ads winner or loser and I can almost guarantee it will make you a lot more money if you struggle with ad creatives and you want a team to do this for you I'd also encourage you to check the top Link in the description and apply to work with our agency where we can produce creatives each and every single week for your business that will ultimately scale your Facebook ad account further again thank you so much for taking time to watch this video and I'll see you next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @younesdidy [1 likes]: Thanks for the video Spencer!
  2. @nathanielserrano2645 [1 likes]: What tracking software are you using to track the real data you're getting on ads manager?
  3. @eyecprofitt: I don’t see free community

- Build High-Converting Facebook Ad Creatives with AdCreative.ai (Step-by-Step Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to build highconverting Facebook ad creatives with AdCreative.ai step by step, even if you've never created an ad before. What's up, guys? My name is Kyle. Facebook ads can drive huge results when the creative grabs attention and communicates value right away. But the reality is most small businesses and marketers struggle with creative, either because they don't have design skills or they aren't sure what messaging actually performs well. That's exactly where adcreative.ai shines. It uses AI to generate eye-catching ad visuals and onbrand copy based on your inputs. So, you don't need to start from scratch or hire a designer. By the end of this video, you'll know how to set up adcreative.ai, how to generate Facebook ad and image copy, how to refine and export creatives, and how to use them in your campaigns. If you want to follow along exactly as I do, there's a link in the description where you can sign up for adcreative.ai and test it out yourself. All right, let's get into it. Before we click anything, let's briefly explain what actually does and why it's become such a popular tool. At its core, add creative.ai AI uses advanced AI to generate eye-catching ad visuals, copy that matches your product and audience, and multiple variations for testing. Instead of spending hours in design tools or guessing at messaging, you can generate dozens of variations in minutes. That speeds up testing significantly, and testing is how you find high converting creatives. Once you understand that the creative drives results, the rest of the setup makes sense. Now, let's jump into the tool. If you haven't already, use the link in the description below to sign up for adcreative.ai. Once you're in the dashboard, you'll see options for creating new creatives, viewing previous creations, uploading brand assets, and managing integrations. What's great about this interface is that it's designed for simplicity. You don't need a design background to get started. Before generating anything, make sure your branding assets and colors are uploaded. We'll get to that next. Your brand kit ensures that AI outputs creatives that match your business identity. If you currently see what I see, to update your brand kit, go to the left column and below generate, you will see brands. As you can see, I have already created a brand kit. But if you have not, you will see create a brand. On this page, you can write brand names and descriptions. You can select a brand logo by uploading a picture. You can also select brand colors and you have more options and advanced setup. Adding these now saves time later and it ensures consistency across all creatives that you generate. When you have your brand kit set, the AI can use your colors and fonts to produce visuals that feel onbrand, even if you're not a designer. Now, we're ready to actually generate ad creatives. On your home screen, in the left column, you will see generate. So you will click that and it will take you to this current page. Here's where you tell the AI what you want. We are doing a Facebook ad. So I am going to go to social posts. I will then select a custom post and I will scroll down and choose my size. So we want Facebook which is meta. So we will go with a vertical size and then click next step. Here's where we tell the AI what we want. For example, you might say, "Add for our new fitness bands targeting men 25 to 45. Highlight durability, comfort, and health." Once you have typed in all the necessary information, you are now ready to generate your ads. Simply click generate at the bottom, and adscreative.ai will start generating your ads. The more specific you are here, the better the output will be. After a few moments, adcreatives.ai AI will return a series of visual ads and headlines. What you'll notice right away is multiple variations, different visual styles, and copy with different hooks. This is powerful because you can test multiple different angles without reinventing the wheel. Instead of guessing which headline to run, you can test three to five variants side by side. At this point, don't just pick the first result. Look for visuals that align with your audience, headlines that compel clicks, and designs that match your brand tone. As you can see, adscreative.ai has created a number of different variations for me. Once you've identified the winners, we'll refine them next. Adcreative.ai lets you refine the generated creatives before you download it. You can adjust text, swap images, change color emphasis, and update calls to action. For example, buy now, shop today, learn more, or limited time offer. Tweaking these details helps ensure your ad matches your actual offer and campaign goal. Once you're happy with the refinements, export your creative. Next to the creative you want to download, simply click download. And you can select PNG for images, MP4 for videos, and JSON if you're exporting text only. Make sure you organize these downloads in a folder labeled by campaign name or promotion so you don't mix versions later when uploading to Facebook Ads Manager. With your ad files ready, it's time to get them into your campaign. Now, open Facebook Ads Manager. You'll create a new ads campaign or open an existing one. Then, upload the creatives you just generated. Set targeting. Set a budget and schedule and choose your placements. When uploading, match the creative to your campaign goal, traffic, conversions, messaging, etc. Use multiple ad variations so Facebook can optimize between them. This gives you real data on which creative resonates best with your audience. Here's where most beginners miss the mark. They generate one and pray it works. Instead, as a pro, run multiple variants, track click-through rates, CPC, and conversions, turn off underperformers, and double down on winners. Adcreative.ai accelerates this process because you can generate dozens of options quickly. Testing equals data, which equals better performance. Here are some common pitfalls and how to avoid them. Using generic descriptions when generating creatives. When your inputs are vague, your creatives will be too. Generic prompts lead to ads that feel bland and interchangeable, which makes them easy to ignore. Clear, specific descriptions helps AI generate messaging that speaks directly to a real problem and audience. Not running enough variants. Testing only one or two variants doesn't give you enough data to learn. Without multiple hooks, angles, or formats, it's impossible to know what actually influenced performance. More variations mean clearer patterns and better decisions. Uploading creatives without corresponding offers. A strong creative still needs a clear offer behind it. If the message doesn't match the landing page, promotion, or CTA, users get confused and drop off. Alignment between creative and offer is key to conversions. Ignoring tracking and analytics. If you're not tracking results, you're flying blind. Metrics show you what's working, what needs improvement, and what should be stopped. Without data, you're relying on assumptions instead of evidence. Bottom line, avoiding these mistakes turns testing into a learning process. Instead of guessing, you get clear insights you can use to improve and scale with confidence. So there you have it, a complete beginnerfriendly workflow for building high converting Facebook ad creatives using adcreative.ai. This tool can drastically speed up creative production and give you better testable variations, which means better performance and less guessing. If you want to try Adcreative.ai for yourself, check the link in the description to sign up. Just so you know, these are affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission at no extra cost to you. That support helps us to continue creating free step-by-step tutorials like this. If this video helped, make sure to like, subscribe, and hit that bell icon. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AI-AcademyOfficial: Hope you guys enjoy the video and get some value from it!

Get started with AdCreative.ai and create ads that beat your competition here:
https://free-trial.adcreative.ai/ijqjswuspu74-96w1li
^ Get 40% off yearly plans!
  2. @niedwiednie: Avoid this tool completely. It's a complete scam and unfair practices. Read the reviews!

- 10 Meta Ads Creative Formats That Convert Like Crazy in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en a huge thanks to story blocks for sponsoring this video every year I share the ad creative formats that actually convert on meta ads and let me tell you 2025 is already shaping up to be a very interesting year some of the classics are still crushing but there's a whole new wave of new ad formats that are outperforming almost everything else and here's the thing get a little closer format matters but messaging is more important than ever the right messaging can make or break an ad Crea even in some cases if the design isn't that well executed that's why for each of these formats I'm also going to be breaking down the messaging strategies and extra little bits that I've seen really work well with the brands that I work on so if you're stuck wondering which ad creative to test next or how to nail the messaging in your ad creative be sure to stick around for all 10 of these formats this video is going to save you hours of guesswork and show you how to make high converting ads fast even if you're new to meta ads or if you're on a low budget also for fun let me know in the comments what your product or service is or even your brand and I will personally suggest an ad format for you to test okay let's dive into it now the first one was actually the top performing ad creative for all of 2024 and we spent well over $2 million on this one ad now the gri style ad is nothing new in fact it's been used for decades even during the print era however this ad type is incredibly psychologically pleasing in fact our brains love this ad because it completes a subconscious Loop for us essentially with a grid format our eyes are always trailing from left to right and top to bottom this ad format is great for brands that have bundles have multiple products or even have different skews AKA different colors sometimes in fact it actually just helps to show the same product multiple times now I will say the top performing ad creative for this grid style format did have a messaging element as well which is really great CU we were able to test out multiple different messaging styles to really see what worked and unfortunately I can't show you the actual ad ndas but here were essentially the messaging strategies that we were able to try and ultimately what worked best so imagine this ad tested with these different messaging points now which one do you think performed the best now I will say here this one at the end the purely value based messaging was ultimately the one that started performing first but it was actually the 10minute exercise routine that ended up crushing it and beating out all other types of messaging now now when we drilled down on this what we actually realized is this was the most scalable type of messaging that we had tested the others were looking at a specific age range and gender the other was featuring a specific social media platform rip the more you know right all right number two this one's actually new for this year but it's what people in the industry are lovingly calling EGC or employee generated content now a lot of us in the industry know about Founders ads right but what about other employees now this is actually something that I saw Jenny Kane doing over the last few years that seemed to really work well for them but my favorite way to do this right now is actually with Warehouse content Hollow socks overnight ODS and happy Mammoth absolutely crush this type of format and something that I note too is that it works really well for both images and video and I know what you're thinking what if I don't have access to a warehouse to film these types of videos well that's where story blocks comes in let's actually search for warehouses on story blocks boom you can easily use these as a background or even an individual asset now some businesses get a little anxious because they think that they need to be in the physical location to make this type of content but to be honest I've actually witnessed the green screen effect having a really similar vibe to actually being in the physical location in fact here's a really great example of this now when I want to test out this kind of stuff with the brands that I work with I use story blocks because I find that the content combines best with ugc in other forms of content that's commonly used in meta ads creative for both video and images they have a curated Content Library that has everything you need in one place with over a million 4K in HD footage templates music sound effects images and more and yes it is completely royaltyfree even for ads and you don't have to plan a photo shoot fumble with AI Solutions more on that in a bit or you know get a Creator to make this type of content for you it is literally instantaneous which just makes team so much more agile to get started with unlimited stock media downloads at 1 set price head to story blocks.com darad Deni or click the link in the description now for number three I'm actually going to be super prescriptive because I actually found that this specific type of Founders ad was working really well across several accounts so yes it is a lowii or ugc style Founders ad so it's from the founder but we have a Tik Tok response bubble that is handling a common objection now in many cases this could be a price point but if you keep on coming up again a certain frequently Asked question or a certain thing that your customers or people who want to become your customers seem to be anxious about pre purchase make content about that from the founder honestly speaking to that common objection now I'd say that this is really great for Founders that want to try this type of content but don't know where to start start with this one and here's a list of common objections you can try and number four Creator content do you notice how I'm not using the term ugc anymore here's the thing Creator content is absolutely still moving the needle in 2025 but I've really reframed how I am looking at this type of content instead of working with people who do ugc I am really aiming to work with creators because those who can show up authentically on camera and really develop that type of connection with the audience AKA real creators these are the people that I find absolutely create top converting ads not the specific type of of Creator content that I saw work this last year absolutely is more in the single testimonial vertical instead of having compilations even though I did see those work sometimes most of the time it is coming from a single Creator interestingly the type of messaging that I've seen really work number one across many accounts I find that opening a hookup with a reaction sort of like these is something that actually really resonates with people other things that work are using trigger words in the hooks so things like this and as always the good old problem solution type of AD creative absolutely still works when paired with the right Creator I would say that problem solution Creator content is like the bread and butter of AD creative content for brands that are spending more than 300 to 500k per month on meta ads you're really going to need to know how to nail this type of content because I don't actually see anything else scaling up accounts in the same way as authentic Creator content but if if you're looking for a new fun way to do this I do see this type of tweet or social media framing like this you can always change the elements around a little bit absolutely does work and look unique and number five another one of the new ones AI ads here's the thing I was a little resistant to using a ton of AI in the ad creation process um but I'm using it quite a bit now and it is absolutely working in fact if you're interested in me doing a deep dive on on AI ads let me know because I honestly don't think that what I'm going to explain here is going to be even scratching the surface of what is possible here so here's the way that I think about AI content right now in 2025 I really like to categorize it into five big buckets number one is going to include AI features that are on existing platforms that people are already using so think like your canva your Premiere Pro maybe even your cap cut Brands and designers and video editors are starting to lean into these type of features a lot I even know that I am leaning into it quite a bit especially for video edits on this channel and heck there's even geni capabilities directly inside of meta ads manager now the second bucket is more for images so it's more of your mid Journey style images these can absolutely work but they definitely have a certain look to them and I know some Brands just based on their own image alone aren't willing to go there quite yet and then there's the Deep fake style ads like what Arc ads does essentially and I will say I have been testing this out a lot recently and I'm really excited for it in in the same way that I love using story blocks to be able to test out ideas and theories instantaneously I am now able to do that quite a bit with Arc ads which is really exciting now the fourth bucket is actually just pertaining to voiceover so with something like 11 ads now why this is really interesting to me is because because it essentially enables Brands and businesses to compile all of the content that they already have and create new scripts and storylines by using voice over that is AI generated and then the fifth bucket is what I like to call endtoend AI Services these are essentially businesses like airpost that are enabled to create hundreds of ads with just a click of a button essentially automatically of course there's a lot more to it than that but essentially if you were to sign up for a service like that you would be able to very quickly very easily and quite cheaply get a ton of creative and that's absolutely where the industry is going to be headed but uh let's take a step back cuz like I said AI could really take up an entire video again let me know let's ease back into this um for number six is text based ads now the cool thing about this is I really like to think about it as just like text Heavy ads so this can be Texton ads like in images or it can be more video based I've absolutely seen both types of these ad creatives crush it and I'd say on the video side A lot of times this is something that I see Brands having already done on Tik Tok or on reals and it's like yeah like let's put some ads behind that and try it now the reason why I wanted to bring up this ad creative too is because this is something that I actually tested during Black Friday Cyber Monday and it annihilated it this is actually something that I saw a lot of Brands doing including Ripley rler and and their team told me that it absolutely crushed for them and I saw very similar results which is really exciting I'm actually currently working on trying this for a nons sale period but this is definitely an easy one to do during a sale period which I'm excited about number seven don't be mad at me Dynamic product ads DBA or catalog ads so when I was doing research for this video so that I could give you actual ad creative that I see working in converting today in 2025 instead of just what I think works in several accounts I kept on running into the scenario where catalog ads were actually the top performers whoops it doesn't make for amazing and great content but if I'm being totally honest a lot of people aren't utilizing their catalog ads to the fullest Advantage so if you're interested in doing a big deep dive on that I have a very big video that I did with Dan pantello earlier last year that a lot of you really loved that really does a deep dive on different DPA and catalog strategies and the different ways that these ads can actually show up in slightly different formats and I'll say the teaser here is that catalog ads run on a different algorithm which I am very very interested in so for nearly any brand out there especially if you have multiple SKS and multiple products you absolutely need to make sure that you are doing that type of AD format Justice and number eight negative marketing ads so this one is actually more of a messaging strategy in itself right now there are several formats that I've seen work pretty well there are the regular negative reviews I've seen the zero or one out of five star ads crushing on a few accounts which is really cool but I also think just leaning into more negative messaging within your creator content is absolutely something that I would test in your variations especially using more of those negative or hard-hitting trigger words think words like regret embarrassed hate those are three that I have personally seen work over the last few months so those could be really easy ones for you and number five ugly ads by the way let me know in the comments if you guys signed up for Barry's course I will absolutely be attending alongside you guys I am so excited to learn more from him he actually used to be my boss which is pretty cool but the reason why I really wanted to bring up this specific type of AD format is because there are several different ways that you can do ugly ads number one but also this is actually something that meta has been talking more about how this is one of their top performing types of real ads they call it lowii content but I do think it's really interesting that the platform and even bigger brands are starting to wise up and be like wow yeah like this actually crushes and it's absolutely something that brand should be doing in the way that I like to think about ugly ads it's absolutely more of a state of mind than it is a specific format and the way that I like to get people like geared up to think about this type of AD creative is in a few ways so first one is what if I challenged you right now to make an ad creative within 5 minutes what would that ad creative look like another really great exercise you can do with your teams if you want to get them to start thinking more in this vein is actually to have them call their mom their family member their girlfriend their whatever their best friend and try to get them to sell something to them of course I immediately think of that Wolf of Wall Street Scene but what I actually mean is think about a product or a service that you really loved and simply just talk talk to your significant other or your close family person about it and think about the things that you are bringing up when you are trying to emphasize what a great experience it was or how much benefit you got from it but I know that this is just a YouTube video a ton of you aren't necessarily going to try those exercises even though I know they're really valuable I think only the serious ones will so if you're curious about what ugly ads do tend to look like of course we have the Post-it note ad still crushes still see it work but also one shot one take videos so essentially just you know take your phone and film an ad within a few seconds 30 seconds just Yap see what happens again I think this this is where the actual getting on the phone with a person that you're close to and talking about a product that can really help that's essentially what that type of ad is and then there of course the POV shots so instead of doing like a Yap this is like you know from the perspective of you so I think a lot of times like people's mind jump to the unboxing it's not necessarily that it's more um the product in action and then of course another classic ugly ad style are these Nostalgia Graphics much like these essentially for ugly ads you just have to think how to communicate as authentically as possible and what that potentially looks like and number 10 to round us out I want to talk about my POV on features call outs ads on US versus them on Headline ads testimonials and before and afters to be honest all of these formats are still absolutely worth testing in 2025 but I won't lie most of the top performers that I've seen again and again over the last few months are things that I already mentioned in this video but every once in a while there is a huge Banger there within one of these classic ad formats and I'd say too especially if you are a newer brand or a brand on a budget or a brand that is just coming to Market a lot of times for instance I'll see the US versus them be the first ad that really crushes it for that type of business same thing with the features benefit call out style ads and another thing to mention here too is I've predicted that creative volume is going to be something that's really top of mine for advertisers this year and Ash actually had an amazing tweet about this today where he talked about how many ad creatives they made in 2024 and also the percentage of those that were top performers and it was 9% which really shows hey you know the more ad creatives that you put out there the more chance that you give for something to really resonate the more times you're going to win but I do know that there's a huge debate about quality versus quantity and I do believe that there is a world where you can increase quantity without sacrificing as much on quality because of the rise of AI and if you know your customer really well and you never stop the customer research Journey then creating ad creative around those desires those things that really psychologically tick within all of us then I think volume is not going to be a problem for you and getting more of those winners is inevitable and the final ad creative that I want to talk about this is actually an extra one a bonus one if if you will but something that I've been thinking about over the last few weeks especially with this Tik Tok band looming maybe Tik Tok is no longer around um when this video is being published my goodness is this idea around brand formance which is something that my colleagues at BMG 360 actually talked about when we did a talk at meta recently now something that my good friend Nikki Henning and colleague talked about is actually them starting to put ad spend behind creative that was doing really well for them on reals or organic and I think that you know if you're looking at all these ad creative formats and you're a little lost and you're a little confused about organic versus paid ads and like the real difference there I think it is still especially in 2025 really worth putting some ad spend behind those creatives that are working for you on organic and again this is something that I've talked about in a few other videos but when I was at the meta agency Summit late last year the number one thing that they talked about was authenticity and content and creative AI was actually the second most discussed topic which is still a lot but I really do think that as much as we have this push for things that seem manufactured or AI driven what we actually all want as an industry is more of that authenticity and I find that often times that authenticity really does start on the organic level and that's it thank you so much for staying to the end that means that you're real well so please like And subscribe those small actions really do help me out and I can't wait to see you guys in the next video love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [19 likes]: If you want to take a look at these ads, I made a board for ya: https://projects.motionapp.com/organization/62e1a18ec3eea561c6acbbb1/creative-research/6791126287878dad7f216900

Tell me your product/service and I can suggest one specially for your brand :)
  2. @brgmusic-11: This video is from Jan. 2025. Did you just change the title instead of making a new one? So scammy...
  3. @wagnermedrado4020: Obrigado pelo conteúdo agregador.
  4. @amandamatfin4570: great tutorial, thanks. Have you done this for 2026 yet? I have a web directory business. What do you suggest for content strategies? Is it B2B
  5. @ninie_vlt: I do swimwear!
  6. @OsamaKamal-q3u: I am a beginner, please help me earn money from meta ads. If any American man/woman can guide me and give me work, someone will be a good person. I am from Karachi, Pakistan.
  7. @laszlofodor8653: What format would you recommend for Accounting Service?
  8. @delaneyryanUGC: Replying to 1:05! Sand Cloud bath towels 👀
  9. @ahmedalali6210: Interior design
  10. @karenmoise6631: wedding venue in Austin Tx
  11. @GabriellaHedberg-o1w: What would you say works best for a photo- & videographer company?
  12. @lillymaymusic97: I'm making facebook and instagram ads to promote schools. Trying to increase number of people filling out our forms to 1) attend an open day for a primary school 2) Apply to a Sixth form for girls. 

I have branded graphic assets which i was going to make into a slideshow format but that seems pretty boring. Obviously I'm in Education and can't do anything click bait or too risky!

Any advise would be much appreciated!
  13. @AliRajpoot-n9n: Insightful incredible these 10 Meta ad formats are pure gold. Backed by real data not just theories.Meta's2025 ads are revolutionizing digital marketing with creativity,
  14. @AliRajpoot-n9n: As a marketer myself, I believe that if you're good at what you do, you don’t need to rely on negativity.
  15. @meganhammes1041: Roofing and Exterior
  16. @AliRajpoot-n9n: This is really inspiring content — your energy and message are so powerful! 👏Meta Ads creative formats, Best ad creative formats 2025
  17. @KaithCyprineOrtiz: Home maintenance
  18. @robhenrichs12: We have an indoor golf facility.
  19. @peterpaulhart3842: My service is interior design for housing, private customers. which ad-format do u suggest for me to test? thx a lot
  20. @SplashBuddies: automotive wrap shop

- How to Create Facebook Ads That Convert Like CRAZY: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are an incredible way to grow your business and in today's video we're going to be covering how to structure High converting Facebook ads so that way you can get more sales with your business we're going to be jumping right into it and here we are inside of our Facebook ads manager I'm not going to be covering targeting or setting up a campaign today we're just going to be strictly covering how to create a high converting Facebook ad but if you want to see my other videos on Facebook ad targeting you can definitely check those out here so let's go ahead and get into it here we are on the ad level and the first thing we're going to do is use an example from muddy bites this is a brand that sells a product that you can actually eat and it's little muddy bites which is the bottom of a wafer snack and so we're going to go ahead and find a creative on this store that we can leverage inside of our Facebook ads we'll go through some of these examples and see if we can find one that makes sense for running so here's an example we have GMO free we have kosher certified and then we have people food Awards 20 23 so we're going to go ahead and actually save this image and use this as an example for our Facebook ad creative and the product Center focused we can clearly see what they're selling we're going to leverage this inside of our Facebook ad example one of the first things we're going to do is hit manual upload we'll choose single image and we can use a video Carousel or collection but we're first going to start with our Facebook ad format that is a image based creative we're going to use this image we took directly from the site and this is good because whenever we send people to the site they're going to see this exact same image which will will let them know they're in the same place we're going to choose original or 1ex one on this creative and what we're going to do is because we want to leverage this in the stories and reals placement we're going to go to canva and actually update this creative so here we are we're placing the creative inside of canva so that way we can use it and then we're just going to go ahead and fill in the rest of this background so it's perfect sizing and a 1080 x 1080 placement is able to fit in a lot of different places on Facebook and what we're going to do in addition to this is we're actually going to go to resize in Magic switch and we're going to do see all and we're we're going to go to Instagram and we're going to choose Instagram story and then we're going to hit continue and we're going to copy and resize this design so now we have our Instagram story placement and what we can do is actually add in a specific call out here by leveraging this additional white space so there's space above and below the product and we can actually put in the product title here and then we can start to adjust how this will look and then we can go ahead and download this PNG and then we can also download our 1080x 1080 to adjust this as well and we'll go back to our Facebook ads manager we'll go ahead and upload the exact size formats so that way we can fit in more placements this is really good because this will allow us to show up in the exact format necessary and is going to help us get more reach and allow us to get better conversions so we've added in the exact size requirement here we're going to go ahead and replace this one as well with our updated 9x6 format and then we can choose original on this placement and here we go we have these formats now there are a few things we can do here with optimizations which can definitely help with your Facebook ads you have your original creative which which will just show standard but then we have relevant comments a great way to turn on and get people to the most relevant comment meaning if somebody purchases this product and then leaves a comment saying I absolutely love this it's going to show that comment first to other people who see this ad and that can increase your conversion rates and definitely provide a much better experience and drive a higher overall purchase return on ad spin then we have music if you're just using a simple image Facebook will choose the best music to Overlay this can help on the reals placement when people are scrolling through their feeds they usually have audio turned on so whenever they get to your ad it will have some music which will help them go with the flow you know actually staying engaged on the creative whereas if the sound stops they might just swipe and you know continue on then we have our image template which will show our headline and it'll match some of the branding colors that we use in the product we have visual touchups which can help brighten up the image if necessary text improvements are turned on so that way we can find the best variation and we don't necessarily need a 3D format here because it kind of messes up our Texs it's not necessary so we're going to leave that off and then we could add our catalog items below this is a great recommendation if you have the catalog connected and when we have expand image we don't need to because it's already pretty zoomed in in this case so we're going to go ahead and hit done and these are things that have been proven to increase conversion rates so definitely recommended to have them then as we scroll down we can start to add in our primary text so one of the easiest ways to develop your primary text is by going to your website and just choosing some of the information that you already share and this is actually a pretty good example right here the best part of a Sunday cone now available as a bite size size snack so we can go ahead and add that as a variation so here we have our Simple Text added in a ice cream emoji and this is pretty straightforward and this is just going to be our first primary text example now we can have up to five primary text and I definitely recommend doing that because you can find the best ad copy format that is going to convert so we're going to go ahead and add an additional text option we'll go back to the website and we're going to pull in our next format and the next one's going to be a reviewbased copy because this is coming from a customer's perspective and can definitely help with your conversions as well so let's go to the reviews and find one these are pretty simple reviews we want to find something that really highlights the flavor or calls out the main benefits here we go this one's perfect so we can go ahead and take this add copy format and I'm actually going to remove this portion here because this is going to simplify our text make it much more easy to just digest and read I usually end up eating the whole bag in one serving they're addictive now this is actually a really smart review to have as a ad copy because then other people might end up feeling the same way and if they go through the our bag what's the next step they're going to buy more so this is going to increase our returning customer rate which is amazing then we're going to go ahead and go back to emojipedia we're going to type in Star we're going to grab our five star review and we're going to have one of our headlines as we're going to put verified review here and then add in our five stars and then we can go ahead and add in an additional text option so we'll go back to the website and we'll just take the description very straightforward once again we're not overthinking the ad copy it makes sense it's on the website we know it converts so we're just going to use it again on our Facebook add because it just reinforces what we're selling crunchy chocolate cone filled with creamy white chocolate that will remind you of your favorite nostalgic flavor combo cookies and cream that's perfect so we're going to have that add copy here and then we're going to go ahead and make a final variation we're going to do ways to eat muddy bites we're going to use a delicious emoji and then we're going to call out the exact steps eat them one by one put them on ice cream because now we're giving our potential customers ideas on how they can use our product and combine them in creative ways to enjoy it and even giving them an idea to share them and buy them for other people we're going to add these as bullet points to make this simple and then we'll have a call to action which is just going to be shopped now and then just to fill in our final text we'll find one more call out so we'll probably go to the homepage and here we go we have some more call outs tastes just like when you're a kid only better this is going to be for the people who remember eating ice cream and always loving the bottom portion of the cone and we'll have another set of bullet points here and then we can add some additional emojis like the checkbox you can see how quickly we put together this ad already we're not overthinking this we're keeping it very simple we're just taking what is already proven and what we already have adding it as ADD copy and now we can start on our headlines so one of the headlines can be 5800 plus five star reviews another headline can be the actual product name so if we go back to our product cookies and cream and we'll use muddy bites as just our brand name awardwinning flavor that's another good one and then one final call out and we'll say bite-sized wafer and then for our description we'll say free shipping as a call out because we offer free shipping and then we're going to go ahead and choose our call to action in this case it's going to be Sho now and so you can really see how we're leveraging every potential placement possible from the creative to the headline to the actual primary text and description because we want to maximize the total number of variations to see which ad creative and copy variation is going to drive the most conversion so that way we can use our test and learn strategy going forward to continuously optimize and get a better result for ourselves and then a lot of people miss out on the info labels it's one of the most powerful ways to increase your sales you can have additional real estate and what I mean by that is it'll make your ad bigger you can add more call outs make it much easier for people to make a buying decision a lot of their objectives are around how long it takes to ship is the shipping free do you offer multiple payment options is there refund policy if I don't like the product what are the guarantees this is where you can add info labels so we'll say free shipping and we might already offer free shipping 100% so we don't necessarily have to say it's over a certain price but if yours is over $50 or $100 you just type that in then we can add in our shipping time frame so it might take us only 3 days to ship then we can do another info label which is our return policy and we can say are returns free yes and then returns are accepted within 30 days then another info label which might be our payment options what do we offer as a payment option you can see exactly how many payment options that you offer on your shop by store you should have that information for your business you know you might offer shop pay PayPal Google pay these are all things that that you want to mention here we'll go ahead and say afterpay Apple pay Google pay PayPal and mention those so now we can go ahead and look at some of these additional info labels which are business information now if you joined Instagram a long time ago this could be a relevant one to show and could give more validation that your business has been around for a while so you might keep that option if you don't have a store location then you need to uncheck this box because it doesn't make sense to be shown on your ad store price range if you don't have a store don't show it location don't show it if you don't have it social cues if you have a lot of Instagram followers and what I mean by that is over 10,000 definitely make sure to have this box checked because it gives more social proof when somebody sees your Facebook ad it says over 150,000 people follow this page or like this page that is going to tell other people that you know people are interested in what you're offering so it can definitely help page check-ins once again no location page follows great page likes message response time if you have automations or if you respond to every message if you're fast with it if your team is on this and keep it on page ratings if you have multiple festar reviews leave it if not uncheck it and so we'll go ahead and use these options here because these info labels make the most sense for us and as you can see it'll actually show these on your ad and then we'll hit done and then if we have a promo code this is a great way to highlight your promo code automatically Source codes from your website if you have a 10% firsttime offer or a free ship coupon Facebook will go ahead and find it on your site and automatically offer it to somebody where they can claim that coupon code that way they don't have to type it in when they check out or you can manually add the code where it's first 10 which means first 10% off and this will show on your ad this is a great way to incen iies new customers especially if you know you have a high returning customer rate you can get more people to buy your product then we're going to go ahead and send people directly to our page so we'll click on the exact flavor that we were just doing which was the cookies and cream we'll copy this link paste it here because it's going to dynamically show that for us next we can go ahead and add in our URL parameters from surge if you haven't signed up for surge you can get a free 21-day trial you'll get add recommendations email recommendations Shopify AI recommendations and everything you need to essentially optimize your storage is beyond your ads and it also provides you a way to track your analytics and return an ad spin from your performance dashboard so we simply just go to settings inside of Surge and grab our tracking script so that way we can measure additional purchases that Facebook may or may not miss we'll go to manual and we'll go ahead and access utss we'll copy this and we'll place it in our URL parameter section so now that we have this we have our ad built out we've leveraged not only different headlines different copy different placements but we have a full ad built out and typically I recommend choosing one of your primary text and just adding in in as the ad name so that way you have it here and can use this to know and identify which ad format this is and so we have our first ad variation and we can go ahead and look at Advanced preview and see how this shows up you'll start to notice that it's pretty Dynamic it shows a lot of different angles here we have you know this first one which is our Facebook feed ad we have one where it shows the 500 plus five star reviews we have our Instagram placement we have movement on this Instagram feed video we have our actual Instagram story and then as we go down you can see all the other placements and how will show up the text fits perfectly on the reals placement we're really just scanning to look if we missed anything and making sure everything looks perfect for our ad formats once again it does and we have all of our optimizations turned on that we're going to leverage and so now we can go ahead and publish this format The Next Step would be duplicating this and adding in additional variations I always recommend up to five formats because you can get a lot of testing done you can do a carousel of all your different flavors or different products you can do a collection which shows your product and then the actual catalog below you can do an actual video which is great especially with Instagram reals being a heavy placement that people are visiting and on Instagram stories and Facebook Stories you can show up in that placement more frequently with a 9 x16 video so definitely make sure to leverage that and then if you have a partnership where you have another Creator post for you you can activate this and use their page to run ads from that's another great way to leverage Facebook ads so I would go ahead and build out the five ad creative formats build out your primary text your headlines and description and enable all the information that makes the most sense for your business because it's going to help you get more conversions and if you're interested in learning more strategies like this I highly recommend to subscribe to my YouTube channel Chase Chapel so that way you can see more videos every Friday when we release them covering Facebook Tik Tok email organic strategies to get more sales for your business and if you want to take it to the next step and generate an additional 100K per month then I highly recommend checking out our one-on-one ads mastery mentorship we've completely revamped it and are releasing new modules every week into this curriculum where we can help you go through the exact process of how to take your store to multiple six figures per month covering everything you need around your ads in a one-on-one environment where we're directly working with you and coaching you through the process so go ahead and book a call if that sounds like something that makes sense for you once again it's your favorite digital marketer here at Chase Chapel cheers and bye all

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [5 likes]: Learn the one 'HACK' that can 3x your Facebook ad results, in this next video: https://youtu.be/zc80uQMYzFo?si=ZQFcnM89GdoJNw9M
  2. @HristoAtanasov-e5w [2 likes]: This explained exactly why my past ads weren’t working — now I know what to fix.
  3. @Jani-l5m [1 likes]: Be carful if you choose to use music for the ads. Meta shows it as an option but i almost got fined because the music meta is giving you is lisenced.
  4. @missgrimbi [1 likes]: why don't I have the same options when uploading an image. I can't crop it and make reel format to help not having weird cropping while running an ad.

Thanks :)
  5. @karlcardozatv: Ok so yeah i am totally overthing my ads. Thanks chase. really appreciate it. have a blessed day ahead mate
  6. @nufero: The first time Im watched an efficient video actually explaining wth all these options mean. Thanks a bunch!!
  7. @Artosadventure: Anyone else get lots of spam people trying to sell you stuff when you post an FBook add tho? Any advice 
Is google better to advertise on?
  8. @TomaszKowalczyk-n8y: This video basically just decoded the clickbait matrix — and I’m here for it. Time to make ads people can’t not click. 🔥🧠
  9. @skyhighgaminguk: You don't show how to get to the actual ads part of Facebook to start creating the ad!?!?
  10. @zoops3: What i'm trying to figure out is should I make a fb page just for my business or do this all through my normal page? Does it separate them, does it matter?
  11. @Blair-x9i: Thank you so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  12. @AnastasiaDavis-x3v: It was very instructive
  13. @CindyArdon-u5p: It was very instructive
  14. @oliufo44: whats
 this page cold ????
  15. @brianedwardsu7404: So we still need to attach this to GTM even if we do not run Google Ads , just Facebook ads? This is the URL or UTM code. Please advise.
  16. @BreezinBreeze: Hi! Thanks for the video. When I start a new campaign, for any reason, it’s not showing the option to choose the conversion location (which I should select “website”) and it’s not showing the option to select the pixel either. Can you help me with that please?
  17. @mtiberio: This is so confusing. At your 1:18 mark, under Ad Creative, in the Media drop-down box, after Add Image, you got to a screen that says "Select Media Crop for Placements". When I do that, it's not showing me a "Next" button on the bottom right. Instead, I have one that says "Continue", and after I click it, it just goes right back to the Ad Setup screen. I can't figure out how to set up Media Crop for Placements. Have things changed this much in seven months?
  18. @leonardodegenerate260: Bro. I had the same idea with the ice cream bottom part. Not for business, but I thought like "what if?". 2024 man, all our visions are becoming a reality (except GTA 6 of course.)
  19. @mariem6508: Can you make a vedio of  how  create a good a creative ad (vedio)
  20. @postscriptciara: This is ACTUALLY HELPFUL! This is exactly what I’ve been looking for. So glad I found you. Subscribed! 🙏🏻

- Top 3 Facebook Ad Creatives That Convert in 2025 (+ FREE Design Templates) | E-commerce: Kind: captions Language: en Are you spending money on Facebook ads but not seeing sales? Meta's algorithm has changed and your ad creatives are now doing the targeting for you. That means that if the wrong people are clicking or no one is clicking, you're most probably showing the wrong creatives. Let me show you the top three ad formats that we always start with when we're testing for our e-commerce clients. Hey, I'm Alena. I'm a brand designer and I run a performance-based digital marketing agency for e-commerce brands. So, if you're running Facebook ads, but you're not seeing the results you want, or you're not sure which creatives to test, this video is going to be for you. I'm going to show you three creative formats that we always begin with when we're testing for new clients. They are clear, effective, and a very good starting point if you're trying to figure out what resonates with your target audience. Keep watching till the end because I have prepared for you some free editable templates so you can start testing these ads for your brand right away. First, we have the so-called benefit point out ads. Your product might be amazing, but if people don't understand why it matters, they will scroll right past. So, this format is all about clarity. Not showing off your branding, not listing every single feature, just clearly communicating what your product actually does for your customer. That means translating features into benefits. These types of ads usually highlight a few key outcomes. You're not trying to sell the whole catalog. you're pointing out the biggest reason someone should stop and say, "Yep, that's exactly what I need." Visually, it's often the product in focus with the benefits layered around it or underneath it. This can be a still image, a carousel, or short video. This type of ad usually works because it simplifies decision- making. You're removing the confusion and presenting your product as the solution to something specific your audience is already struggling with. That's what gets clicks and ultimately conversions. Next up, we have the before and after art type. These focus on one thing, visually showing the transformation. They're a great way to give context at a glance, especially for products that deliver a visible or clear result. You've probably seen these, a sidebyside image or video where one side shows what things look like before using your product and then the other side shows the outcome after. That's simple, direct, and super effective when done right. These ads are especially powerful in industries like skin care, hair care, wellness, anything where a clear improvement or result can be shown visually. For example, you can show week one versus week three skin texture or flat hair versus volumized after styling. The key here is keeping it believable. Overedited transformations or anything that feels two-stage can easily come across as not authentic and that kills trust. In this case, what works best is content that feels natural, like something a real customer might share. We usually recommend using a split screen format, either as a photo or a short video. You can also add a bold, clear headline to immediately set the context for what people are looking at. This format works because it helps people picture the product in action and themselves experiencing the result. So, when your product becomes the link between where they are and where they want to be, they're far more likely to click and purchase. And finally, we have the testimonial ads. You saying your product works is one thing, but hearing that from someone who's actually used it hits differently. Testimonial ads are built around real customer feedback, specifically the kind that reflects how your product solved the problem. The best ones don't just say, "This is great." They explain how it helped and what changed after using it. So instead of something vague like love this, use something much more specific. For example, I've tried five different razors and this is the only one that doesn't irritate my skin. That kind of language is easy to relate to and it instantly tells a story. These ads can be presented in lots of different ways. For example, styled quote cards, screenshots from your product page, a Facebook comment, or even a screenshot from a DM on Instagram. Use whatever fits your brand, but don't overdesign it. The more it feels real and honest, the better it performs. This ad format works because it builds trust. When someone with the same struggle comes across a real result shared by someone they can relate to, it lowers hesitation around buying. That's the moment they decide to click, check out the product, and head to your website. So if you want to try these ad formats without starting from scratch, I have created free Canva templates for you for all of the three ad formats. They are precise for both square and vertical use so you can start using them for your e-commerce brand right away. You can find them at our benador.design/resources or in the link in the description. We also work specifically with e-commerce brands within our performance-based digital marketing agency called Metx Minds. So, if you're looking for help with your creative strategy, media buying, or ad creatives, feel free to get in touch through our contact form. You will find a link in the description box below. If you found this video helpful, feel free to give it a like and subscribe to my channel so I know that you'd like to see more content like this one. And if you want even more tips about e-commerce, watch this video on five powerful social media strategies for your online shop. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @junayed_edits [1 likes]: Such an insightful conversation!  Loved the blend of practical advice and personal experience — a must-watch for anyone navigating growth in both business and life. Thank you for keeping it real
  2. @iChristinaYoga [1 likes]: Amazing! ❤
  3. @albena.design: 🤔 Which of the 3 ad creatives do you want to test first? Benefit ads, before/after visuals, or testimonials? Let me know in the comments! 👇🏻

👉🏻 And don't forget to grab your FREE Canva templates here: https://albena.design/resources/#3-high-converting-meta-ad-templates

- Boosting Posts vs Ads Manager: The Real Difference Explained (2025 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English the real difference between boosting posts and running Facebook ads in Ads Manager. If you've ever hit that boost button because it's quick and easy and then wondered why nothing meaningful actually happens, this will save you time and budget. I'll show you what boosting actually does and what Ads Manager unlocks for you, when you should use each, and the best way to set yourself up for results in 2025 and beyond. Give me a few minutes and I'll spare you months of guesswork. Chapters are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So, chapter one, the short version. Here's the oneliner you need to keep in your head. Boosting is just a shortcut to push an existing post a bit further. Ads manager is where you do real marketing. And if you remember that, you're already ahead. So, what boosting really is. So, let's start with boosting because that's the button Meta wants you to press. You post something on Facebook or Instagram. It gets few likes and you see that blue button which says boost post. You click it, pick a quick goal like more engagement or more messages, choose a loose audience, set a small budget, and away you go. It's deliberately simple and to be fair, it does one thing quite well, which is gets more eyeballs on a post that already exists. Now, if you're promoting like a community event this weekend, you've got a real that's already working for you, or you just want a burst of likes and comments to make your page look lively, boosting can do that. It's the social media equivalent of putting your best sandwich board on the pavement outside your shop. Now, people walking by are more likely to notice you, but it's still a sandwich board at the end of the day. It's not a CRM. It's not a funnel. It's not a proper conversion tracking and it's not built to optimize towards the actions that actually get you paid. So if your goal is brand warmth or quick visibility on one specific post, boosting is fine. If your goal is leads, sales, booked calls, or anything you need to measure properly, boosting is the wrong tool. So what ads manager actually unlocks? So let's talk about ads manager. The proper way to run ads on Facebook. This is where you choose an objective that actually maps to business outcomes. If you want leads, choose leads. If you want sales, choose sales or conversions. If you want to fill a webinar, you send traffic to a landing page, and you optimize for registrations. You can connect your pixel conversion API, pass events to your CRM, add UTM parameters, and measure beyond just vanity metrics like clicks and likes. You can test messaging formats, audiences, and you can let the system learn and then you can scale what works. And this is important post the Andromeda update, which came into effect this year. So, Meta now uses your ad content itself to decide who should see it. Think of it like this. Before Andromeda, the system found one or two hero ads that shoved almost all of the budget into them. Broad hooks, often one because retrieval of the ads wasn't smart enough. After this new update, the system can consider far more creative options at once. It's going to spread your budget more evenly across all of your ads and matches different messaging and creatives to different people. That means the quality and variety of your ad concepts matter more than ever. And Ads Manager is where you can do all of that properly. So, which one should you use? Here's how I decide with clients. If we want to push a single post that's already working, maybe it's a behind-the-scenes video, maybe it's a piece of PR or an event announcement this weekend, boosting is okay. We set a small budget, a tight time window, and we don't expect any miracles from it. If we want anything beyond that, leads, purchases, qualified calls, proper attribution, we build it in ads manager. Even if we want to amplify that same post, we'll run it as an ad from Ads Manager so we can pick the right objective. we want the system to achieve and track all the conversions. So for us, the default is ads manager. Boosting is the exception, not the norm. So here's a couple of real world examples. A local cafe launches the new brunch menu. They've posted a lovely reel of all the chef plating pancakes, etc. Boosting that reel to people within 5 miles for a couple of days is perfect. It's cheap, it's quick, and it's effective, and it's visible. But when they want to drive table bookings every weekend, we switch to Ads Manager. We run a campaign that sends people to the booking page and we track completed bookings and we retarget website visitors who didn't finish the booking process. Another example is an e-commerce brand that drops a new collection. Boosting the new catalog for social proof and community buzz is absolutely fine, but when it comes to sales, which we really want, we move to ads manager with a proper sales campaign. Advantage plus shopping. if they're eligible, product catalog, conversion optimization to purchase. We retarget ad to cart. We compare one day click versus 7-day click. We look at rorowass, not just likes. And finally, a service business wants discovery calls. Boosting a meet the founder post can help warm up the audience, but the bookings come from ads manager using a leads campaign with either an on Facebook lead form that qualifies people or a website form integrated with the CRM and a calendar link. We optimize for qualified leads and pass their data back so Meta learns continually about who the best prospects are. So why does boosting feel cheaper and why it actually isn't? So a quick note on cost because this trips people up the most. Boosting almost always looks cheaper.£10 on boosting something when you get a lot of likes, it feels great. And£10 on a conversion campaign might only buy you a couple of clicks. So, it feels painful. But here's the truth. Likes don't get you paid. A single qualified lead can. A single sale definitely does. So, we judge success by the cost per the result that matters, such as purchases, leads, booked calls, not by pretty engagement and those vanity metrics. So best practice for 2025 post Andromeda because of the Andromeda update the way you build and manage campaigns in ads manager has shifted a bit. You'll still connect your pixel and conversion API. You'll still send clean events and use UTM parameters. This hasn't changed. What has changed is the weight that is placed on your ad creative and copy. Meta now treats your copy and visuals like targeting signals. It's reading your ad and deciding who it belongs in front of. That means that you should keep your audiences broad in terms of your targeting and spend your energy on building meaningfully different ads. If you sell coaching, don't make 10 tiny variations of the same message. Make different concepts. One speaks to the overwhelmed owner who needs systemization. Another speaks to an ambitious owner who wants to scale. Another focuses on founders who are preparing to sell and need help maximizing valuation. Use different hooks, different proof, different formats, short video, static images, carousels, userenerated content, etc. Put those all into one broad adset and let the system match them to the right people. Then manage it like a garden. Don't expect one hero to do all the work. Plant 20 seeds, come back each week, cut the ones that aren't growing, and give more light and water to the ones that are. That's how you win late 2025 and into 2026. So, I hope that helps people really understand the difference between boosting posts and using Ads Manager. Really, if you want things that are going to pay the bills and generate revenue, lean towards Ad Manager. If you want a bit of extra visibility and a bit of extra like and engagement, boosting posts is absolutely fine, but only for very, very short-term goals. So, don't forget to like and subscribe, and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBestofRL [2 likes]: great video mate, keep cookin!!
  2. @Stealthman-b9m [1 likes]: You should have explained with examples on how to use ads manager. Talking for a newbie like me is greek.
How can I use ads manager to get views on my reels on facebook to get paid?
  3. @googlyzer547 [1 likes]: What are your thoughts on using Ads Manager for awareness campaigns to show that a restaurant exists locally? For example, taking a variation of a reel that’s already performing well organically and running it to get the restaurant in front of more locals so it can be discovered
  4. @MiniMandap [1 likes]: Thanx man
  5. @HayleyOconnell-g3h [1 likes]: Hi, just came across your channel. We are a venue who has a social management company who useads to promote ticketed events. They say the advert is performing very well but no sales. The also day they cannot track sakes either. Any advice? Thanks
  6. @abdulrahman-nn8ky [1 likes]: All the love man keep it up
  7. @objectifweb [1 likes]: Laurel Portie and her clients use a strategy involving boosts, and sales are often made on that basis rather than through a sales campaign.
  8. @dmmarketerarif: Hi , I noticed your videos are great, but they could get more views with proper SEO. I can create a free YouTube SEO audit for your channel — just DM me if interested!

- Boosted Posts vs Ads Manager - which one is better for Instagram ads?: Kind: captions Language: en hello you wonderful people welcome to or welcome back to the channel today it's just me and I am answering one of our most popular questions here on the channel which is what is the difference between boosted posts and meta ads on Instagram and Facebook and which one will get you the better results let's dive in now another popular question we get really often is our Facebook and Instagram ads even worth it yes they are broke it down in this video so I will not dive into that today so let's just jump right into what is a boosted post now we have all seen that message right you have a post and something pops up and it says hey this post is performing 75 or 90% better than your other post you should put $20 on it to reach 40,000 people so tempting right but what does that actually mean boosted posts are the posts that you've already shared on your feed that you're able to put money behind directly on the platform so we'll speak mostly to Instagram but it applies for Facebook as well so that would look like tapping that little button in the right hand corner and boosting your post and putting money behind it to reach more people than who follow you they are still considered ads they are just a very simple way to increase your reach and in that Simplicity comes many significant limitations which we'll discuss in a second now if you're wanting to actually put money behind a post so that it reaches more people and something that you've already shared there are ways that you can actually promote an existing post which I broke down in this tutorial and we'll discuss a bit more about later but you're in the right frame of mind to want to do this now let's talk about what meta ads are meta ads are ads that you create in meta ads manager that is meta's tool that allows you to create campaigns that are a lot more customizable and have a lot more advanced options so that way you can create ads that are super targeted and that are more focused on driving specific results so now you know what a boosted post is and what an ad is that's made in meta ads manager and let's just break down the key differences side by side now when you're boosting a post meta is going to give you just three pretty standard options you can say I want people to visit my profile I want them to visit my website or I want them to message me pretty direct when it comes to ads manager that's when we're talking about objectives we're talking about cre creating campaigns that actually ladder back up to our business goals and you get a wide range of options for this this is what I'm talking about when I mean customization that's the difference between saying I want someone to visit my profile and I want someone to engage with this post I want someone to watch this video and I only want to pay when they watch it for over 15 seconds because I really want a targeted interested person it's a difference between saying I want traffic to my website or I want to make sales I want you to Target people who will only convert and do an action that I want them to take and then when we look at the audience this is where the most significant limitations there are many limitations but when we look at the comparison of what you can do with a boosted post versus what you can do in ads manager when it comes to targeting audiences which is very important to the success of any campaign you can immediately see what those limitations look like when you're within the platform and trying to just boost the post and target people So Meta is going to offer you the option to have a suggested audience which they'll create based on what they think might work well for you or you can create an audience of your own by entering a few location parameters nothing like what you can do in ads manager so for example you could say a city in boosted post but you could put a postal code in ads manager in addition if we're talking about actually interest based targeting you can Target certain behaviors and characteristics in ads manager you can Target parents if you sell clothing and you sell children clothing where you're not able to do that in boosted HST or for example if you were a coach and you were selling to creators in ads manager you could say I want to Target people who appear to be creators who the platform has identified are creators you're not able to do that when you're boosting a post in addition to the incredible detailed stalker level beautiful targeting that you're able to do in ads manager you're also able to create custom audiences so you can create audiences based on actions that they've made in the past on your platform or even on your website this is huge when we're talking about retargeting to an audience who's more likely to convert or do an action that we want them to take this option does not exist at all when it comes to boosting a post however in ads manager you're able to retarget people who've engaged with specific posts who visited your website who've watched a video all of these options if they're on your email list all of these options are available to you in ads manager and in addition you can even create what are called lookalike audiences who the AI understands are most simp similar to your custom audiences so most similar to the type of person who's already previously engaged with you that is beautiful technology that you're able to take advantage of when you're an ads manager now targeting is so important and I addressed the mistakes and this was a key part which is not understanding and targeting your audience correctly in this video here so definitely check that out if you want to avoid the types of mistakes that make your ads cost you more and unfortunately lead to poorer results now let talk about placements which is where your ad will show up now when you're boosting a post on Instagram that ain't even an option you don't even get to choose where it shows up you're just saying hey this is the post that I have go ahead and boost it and put it on the platform however when you're an ads manager you're able to customize per platform which means you also get to access all the different platforms under meta's umbrella that's Facebook that's Instagram and the surfaces on Instagram for example and Facebook like reals or stories that's what WhatsApp they have a massive ad Network which allows you to show up in places off of the platform even which means you're accessing meta's entire network allow you to show up in more places which is what we want and that actually takes us into creative so the limitations that we see when boosting a post versus actually creating an ad and ads manager there is no creative outside of the one you've created when you're boosting a post you're boosting the post that was already on your feed or wherever the Boost button appeared when you create an ads manager you can customize per platform so not only could you have these multiple placements across platforms you actually can customize it which is so important that's the difference between having like a square image appear in a story which is just awful really you should always customize content so that way it feels native to the surface that it's appearing on like you wouldn't have a static image appear in a real you know a real is supposed to be a video it's not even really supposed to be just like an animation it's supposed to feel native to the platform with ads manager you're able to say okay this is the ad that I have right but creatively speaking when it shows up on Facebook and Instagram it could be this static image for example but when it comes to reals we've created a video alternative for that and when it comes to stories we're testing a video alternative for that too with the swipe up link for people to go and do what you want them to do that is a huge factor that will impact the performance of your ads being able to make sure that they feel native to the end person the person that you want to see your ad when they see it so those last two when we're talking about placements and creative that's not even available in the boosted post on Instagram you're only able to do that when you're actually in ads manager so now let's move into what it looks like to put money on it in terms of budgeting so when you're deciding on a budget on a boosted post you'll see they give you an option to set an amount that you want to spend daily when you're an ads manager however they are going to let you customize how you spend your money so whether that looks like you want to do a lifetime spend for a specific set of days or you even want your ad to just run only during the day and not run overnight like these are important factors that can affect the performance of your ad and again you're only able to do this in ads manager and then in addition to just this highl comparison of those points that I just laid out the pixel is a huge huge piece of what you're able to take advantage of when it comes to meta ads manager so a pixel is a piece of code that you're able to install on your website which allows you to greatly increase the power of your ads it allows you to track to retarget to gather critical information and the ability to leverage this pixel does not exist when you are looking to just boost a post and if you aren't familiar with the pixel how it works or haven't installed it yet I also broke that down in this this video here it'll be available in the description box for you below too and then another big missing piece which is important in every facet of life is measurement so being able to measure something is key to understanding how something's performing and the metrics that you get when you're boosting a post just are not the same when it comes to creating a post and ads manager the ability to measure Monitor and manage what you're doing is so important to the success of your ads and you're able to do that in ads manager you're able to swap out creative when it's needed you're able to really look at your cost per clicks and refine there are some analytics that are available when you boost a post but again it's not the same as if you're doing so in ads manager I also do want to flag though that when you boost a post it does go into your ads manager so you'll see it there it's just that you wouldn't have customized it and optimized it in a way that will truly allow you to really say like okay I've done these things and that's why the performance was amazing here it's far too basic in terms of how you optimize it if you could even call it optimization to really get you to a meaningful place on measurement so I feel like I've made it kind of obvious where we stand when we're talking about you know what's better between boosting a post versus creating an ad in ads manager it's going to be ads manager guys that's going to be the one that you want to use if you really want to create an ad that's going to drive the results that you really want so then when we're thinking about cuz this might be a question that you have now when is the time that I should boost the post then to be frank I can't really see a situation other than you just can't access ads manager not even on your phone and you really have a post that you need more people to see even if it's not the perfect person that ends up seeing it and with that you're also willing to spend more on your cost per result so the cost of running that ad or getting it in front of the people getting the action that you want because you just so desperately need to have this reach more people that's the time that I could really say it's worth it to boost the post and this is why you'll see us so often speak to going beyond that boost and if you're watching this and being like I don't even know where to start with ads manager I don't really I don't even know what to do I did a full 37 minute tutorial on how to use Instagram ads and how to create ads in ads manager it will also explain how you can boost an existing post but not use the Boost boost button you can do this in ads manager so definitely recommend that you check that out it's going to be in the description box below and a checklist that will help take you through ads manager if you need that as well so I really hope this video was helpful for you and really giving that Clarity between what boosting a post is and what it does versus what ads manager does and creating an ad if you like this video give us a thumbs up and if you want more ads videos have any topics that you want me to break down just drop them in the comments below definitely again recommend that you check this video out next and I will see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @flp109 [5 likes]: I love the way you communicate and teach this information. Very clear and helpful. So many people rambled and a lot of time is wasted. Thanks! I followed for more.
  2. @jacquelinesouza8891 [4 likes]: I learned if you use the booster button from an iPhone Apple takes 30% of your investments so when you do it has to be from a computer or other kind of phone
  3. @SellingSESask [4 likes]: Anyone else just get bots responding no matter what you do just so meta can charge you for leads? UGH!
  4. @authorjamieljones [2 likes]: I must say—you are my homegirl now. This was so well-spoken and articulated in a way that was easy to understand. Thank you. Blessings and peace to you.
  5. @livingandloving10 [2 likes]: Meta Ads sound really cool but the UI is a headache. Not intuitive. Spent hours on tutorial videos today. Then spent about an hour creating an ad and target audience. When ai was done, the box didn’t have a save or continue button. It had a close the box icon, or a go back icon. I close the box and lost the entire settings I had just made. I wanted to pull my hair out. All the meta options should be inside Instagram. Horrible UI/UX for such a big company.
  6. @SmartStreetsQuiz [2 likes]: I watched some videos about the differences between Boost & Ads Manager, and this is the best explanation so far. Directly subbed!
  7. @TechLala0007 [2 likes]: I want to thank you for taking the time to create this video. The explanation was amazing and put things in perspective.
  8. @juniorjustjunior [1 likes]: FINALLY SOMEONE ANSWERED THIS QUESTION !!!
  9. @imageprostudios9514 [1 likes]: Thank you so much
  10. @leejackmusic [1 likes]: You sound like you work for a news channel lol, very articulate and professional
  11. @blakely555 [1 likes]: Awesome tutorial
  12. @lorenzowalsh3520 [1 likes]: i would like you guys help how can i contact you guys
  13. @YoungYan-s2e9y [1 likes]: This was so helpful. Thank you so much.
  14. @MentalPriority_isKey [1 likes]: Super helpful, thanks so much
  15. @SirChelly2025: Thank You for following
  16. @dushanehill1896: when I boost post there's  no "shop now " CTA button. I have been trying for past 2 weeks to fix this any suggestions. its linked to my Facebook however It just won't add "shop now"
  17. @cjacobs011: Does this also apply to a startup with no followers or is the context an establish business? Let's say you are a brand new startup looking for followers and visibility.
  18. @sunisahemphoom7059: What's the difference between boosting VS using existing post as creative in ad manager? Either way it will increase views (reels for example) right?
  19. @sofyziad3612: Hi
What does it mean by available funds in the boost on instagram
  20. @MrAssemali: Is it better to create an ad from brand-new content directly inside Ads Manager, or should I first upload the content to my Instagram account and then use that existing post for the ad?

In other words — is there any performance or targeting difference between promoting a published post vs creating an unpublished ad?

- Is it Worth it to Use Facebook Marketplace's Boosted Listings | Side Hustle Shuffle Ep 10: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys welcome to another video i know it's been a little while since i uploaded but i have been pretty busy in my personal life and you know like i've i've gotten a few interviews over the last two weeks so hopefully something cool happens from that and you know i'm working again but aside from that this video is pretty much going to be about me testing out facebook's boosted listings and i really wanted to see this for myself to see if it was actually worth it i mean i can't bash something if i've never really tried it before so in this instance i did give it a shot and i'm gonna share my results with you because i don't think there's very much of this type of content out there so i'm gonna give you guys kind of my experience of what actually happened the type of items that i listed it's gonna be a really small sample size of four items and hopefully it helps you decide on whether you find it worth it to try out facebook marketplaces boosted listings alright so the first item that i decided to test out were these 20-inch corgi squishmallows and i had four of these i bought these at costco at uh what price after taxes 15 and 81 cents and originally they were posted on facebook for maybe about like a week they ended up getting 11 views on their own the reason why i chose this item was because uh you know i had multiple quantities i ended up buying four of these like i just said and i really wanted to be able to maximize the the conversations and the selling that i could get from these listings so for example if i did really get lucky with one person who wanted to buy it i would have another one ready to go if i got multiple offers and multiple people interested so that's the main reason why i wanted to choose this item so according to facebook uh they call it a campaign and it's basically how many days you want the item listed for for a specific price and i chose to do uh three days two dollars per day so in total i would be spending six dollars canadian and they said i would estimate about 144 to 415 reach per day which in total would have accumulated to 432 to 1245 just so we're all on the same page uh when facebook says reach that actually doesn't mean views reach is more about like impressions or just like visibility so if they're you know someone scrolling through facebook marketplace or just like somewhere else on facebook it'll show the ad on there so that's kind of what is meant by reach uh when it when they say the official term of link clicks that just means how many actual views you got for that item now what actually happened was um day one i got about 1600 reach and for views i ended up getting 53. um yeah then day two i ended up getting 1510 reach and then for the views for that day i ended up getting 57 and then on day three i ended up getting reach and 40 views so on the third day as well uh right at the end i think it was about an hour before the whole campaign was going to finish i did get two people messaging me but um unfortunately it just didn't really go anywhere it was kind of one of those you know is it still available i explained my part like where i'm located and then just radio silence so the quality of conversations wasn't really there in total it was two conversations started 4238 reach 150 views and yeah the second item that i decided to try boosting were a bunch of movies both new used and both dvd and blu-rays i had this on facebook marketplace for about a week and i'm really sad to say that it got zero views this item actually performs a lot better on ebay so i'm going to use everything that i did to prepare this because i probably spent about 40 hours in labor i lost a lot of information i was filming it because i was going to make my own side hustle shuffle episode about this but uh yeah and i lost my phone so i lost just about 95 of the footage and uh i lost a lot of drafts that i had created if you're ever on ebay uh be aware that if you don't constantly update your drafts they will disappear probably about after a month so you got to keep that in mind i did not know that and i lost a lot of my time so uh going back to everything uh the reason why i chose this item was because i had 526 of these movies so you know it makes sense to boost something like this because you know there's going to be a if there's a lot of people interested you know this this will go quick um unfortunately you know even after the boosted listings it was still at zero i ended up having this for three days but it ended up becoming one day because i i decided to cancel it after i saw no progress and so the amount of time that i chose to have this campaign for was essentially a day at uh two dollars and the estimated reach was 144 to 415 like the other item the third item that i decided to go with was a lot of paw patrol toys um this one had probably about like 12 different vehicles and figures all combined together and the reason why i chose this was that this slot was essentially all profit for me i did sell all the other lots that i had built together and i got my money back from those so that's why i ended up choosing this type of item it was just essentially all gravy for performance i had this thing listed for about a month and i think in total it ended up getting somewhere around 100 to 200 views it's kind of hard to track after you pass a week so that's kind of what i remembered seeing from all of this and for performance under a one-day boosted listing for four dollars because i wanted to see if there was a difference between you know one day two dollars and one day four dollars the results that i got was actually very similar to what i would have spent for one day at two dollars and so for the reach i ended up getting 1463. there was one conversation that did get started but it didn't go anywhere and for views i ended up getting 36. uh technically 37 someone gave me a post reaction i didn't even think you could do that but apparently it's possible so they must have just like hit like a like button somewhere the fourth item that i decided to boost was actually an item that did not need any boosting at all it was a gramophone made by restoration hardware so these items were extremely like old tech that were hard to get your hands on i ended up finding it at a thrift store and um yeah i think i bought in at it for like 28 uh 28 dollars and 24 cents from this though like the reason why i chose it was because uh it like it had the engagement and i wanted to see how an item that was doing really well where people really wanted it comparing it to items that were struggling on the low popularity side like the movies the corgis and the the paw patrol lot i wanted to see how the variance would be on that but but originally like this was getting 1119 views on its own and it started 17 conversations a lot of them with serious buyers but um unfortunately most of the time when they found out that it wasn't compatible with their devices they're like oh crap and so that was kind of the story uh with this item i decided to do a campaign of one day for four dollars and then from there what ended up happening as a result i ended up getting 1061 reach and then for views i ended up getting 62. from that one day campaign i actually did get two offers one of them was radio silence after they initially asked about it and then the other one actually was an offer for 75 i decided i would take it because of a couple reasons i really needed the money to to spend on some other stuff i was purchasing so i decided to do that um and then the other reason was because of kind of like i mentioned before where it was really hard to find like the right buyer so this guy decided to just buy this and then he was gonna go find an old device that was working with it because he didn't have one so uh yeah that was like the main hurdle that i had to get over and i just decided you know what i'm going to just sell it so in conclusion to all of this this was a really small sample size there were a lot of factors i didn't involve like you know time of year pricing how long things have been listed but even though that was the case i still think there were a lot of useful things that we could draw from this and i think the biggest thing is that items you know that need the boosted help aren't actually going to benefit very much from it you're only going to get a little bit extra views and maybe you know a few conversations started but i don't think it's actually going to help the way that you would think it would and the items that don't need boosted listings help will basically just sell on their own especially if they're they're good quality items and they're very popular in people's interests so that's kind of like the big takeaway from all of this two other conclusions that i actually did notice from this and like taking this with a grain of salt but it does seem like if you do do boosted listings it makes more sense to do multiple days at a lower cost so taking a look at the comparing of the corgis and the paw patrol lot um the performance actually was a lot better for the two days because when you look at the the day one of the corgis and the day one of the paw patrol they were actually just about the same so i got double the results for the corgi in comparison and so that's why i'm saying that i think it makes sense to do that but i think there's also a point where if you do too many days of the campaign that there's diminishing results from it so uh based off the corgi information the first two days were pretty consistent averaging around 1500 for the reach and then for the views it was about 50 and then eventually on the third day it dropped to about 1 100 i think and then for the views it dropped about 10 to 240 so that's something to keep in mind one other interesting thing that i noticed comparing the the gramophone which was like a high popular item versus the like the corgi versus or the the paw patrol for low popularity items there wasn't that much of a difference in boosting so on the variance level the low end of views i ended up getting about 36 to 62 at a max and then for reach and the low end was a thousand and then the high end was 1600 so comparing you know items that were very popular versus low they didn't really feel like there was that much of a difference so all in all i spent 16 got five conversations and only one of them being one that actually made a sale and i didn't even get it for the price i was asking i ended up taking a lower offer and the item that i did sell was an item that really didn't need any boosted listings help at all so in my opinion is it worth it to use facebook marketplace's boosted and i honestly think it's not in my opinion actually is a little bit more extreme now thinking that you know this actually doesn't really help as much as they want you to think so that's just kind of where i'm coming from but anyways hopefully that's helpful you guys i'll see you guys later

  Top Comments:
  1. @alysonyogi3890 [5 likes]: There isn’t enough reseller videos on FB Marketplace. Thanks for addressing the Boosted Listings. I totally agree!
  2. @duesternbrook94 [2 likes]: Nice Channel. I am from Germany and I also sell on Facebook Marketplace besides Ebay. Are you also posting your Products into Groups? I have the feeling I reach more people through the groups than on the marketplace.
  3. @thatsmysolstice1584 [1 likes]: Thanks for the info! Appreciate the vid.
  4. @aurum9187: BRO FORGOT HIS YOUTUBE ACCOUNT'S PASSWORD
  5. @versatileduplicity9313: The point of boosting is to boost items that are already popular. Otherwise, you're wasting your time. Sometimes popular items are held in hiding by the algorithm
  6. @akeemak22: Your product isn't highly desired
  7. @mmufasta: It been 3 years, where'd you go😭🙏🏽
  8. @snowyriver2218: I've tried it a few times and dont think it's worth it.. Spent more monet then I made.. Nobody was commenting on the ones I boosted they were commenting on ones that I didnt boost etc.. They also said it would estimate it would reach a certain amount daily which it did not.. Example I didnt even get half of what it estimated for one day.. They were giving me less reach then what they estimated..
  9. @Sir-Chart-Alot: Depends on fb algorithm and product.

- Boosted Posts vs Facebook Ads | Whats The Difference & What's Better?: Kind: captions Language: en so what is the difference between a boosted post and a Facebook or meta ad today we're going to be breaking down the key differences and which one you should be using based off of your objectives so let's start by talking about boosted posts first so you might have seen the little boost button you see on Facebook or Instagram where you can boost a post now what this is simply is just putting money behind and a very simple way of advertising a post that already exists on Facebook or Instagram and the goal with boosted posts is to just really push a piece of content that already exists so it gets more visibility you do have some options when it comes to targeting certain customers or campaign objectives but not nearly as many as ads for example with booster post you have three campaign objectives your ad audience size is smaller you have more limited audience targeting you have no options for Creative ad displays and you have limited budgeting and scheduling options and when you boost a post it'll show up in your audience's feed or on Instagram as an ad or a promotion but technically a boosted post is still an advertisement so they are similar in that aspect but the main goal with boosted posts from Facebook or Instagram side of things is a very simple and easy way to get people who might not already be advertising or be scared about advertising it's a very easy stepping stone they make it simple and not as scary as something like Facebook ads look so they can get more people to start spending some money and hopefully jump into more in-depth advertising and spending more now let's talk about some of the pros and cons the pros of boosting posts is first it's very easy to set up it's affordable you can spend five or ten dollars to just boost the post and it helps your content reach more people however it's not usually as effective because you don't have as advanced of targeting and while you can do some targeting you won't have the same depth of targeting that you will with Facebook's full ad Platform One con of it is it's not great for a long-term strategy it's great if you want to push a quick little event or just get a little more visibility on a post but it's not great for getting people to do a certain action or optimizing for link clicks or purchases Etc there's not that advanced kind of tracking and targeting and it also lacks a lot of insights compared to the actual ads and a good way to compare the two is a boosted post that might be great for things like page likes or comments or shares or overall brand awareness where Facebook ads can be great for optimizing for app installs website conversions video views shop orders Etc and with Facebook ads you can do things where you can create a specific design for an ad so you can create Carousel ads add specific descriptions add a call to action button so you can get people to actually take action and these are just a few of the creative and formatting options that you have in your ads manager that you won't be able to have when you're boosting a post and with Facebook ads you also have more advanced targeting capabilities so for example with boosting a post you can decide on interest age and gender for your ad targeting however when it comes to Facebook ads you can use more advanced tools and create more specific audiences or overlapping audiences and look-alike audiences so those are really the pros of this now what are the cons the first con is it is a little more complicated and a little more advanced so it will take some knowledge and some practice but it can seem overwhelming it's pretty simple once you get into it and understand it on top of that ads are created from scratch you're not just boosting an existing post so you're creating something specific for this advertisement and they can be more expensive than just boosting a post but a lot of times they're a lot more effective so when is the best time to boost the post versus run an ad and the answer is you're usually going to want to run an ad and you can usually run an ad for the same things that you would be boosting a post for if you want to boost the social post you can create that as an ad and do that in there but if you wanted it to directly push a specific post that's already doing well when you would want to boost the post would be if you want to increase your audience engagement on Facebook or Instagram again an existing post if you want to improve the visibility of your best posts if you're hosting a promotion or a giveaway or you're trying to push an event that you're hosting through Facebook those are probably the best times to boost the post but the majority of times you should be running a Facebook ad and some other times you want to be running ads over boosting a post is if you're trying to develop brand awareness with a specific targeted campaign if you're trying to do things uh off of Facebook where you're converting website visitors or you're generating leads or just driving traffic to your store getting orders those are all times that you're going to want to utilize Facebook ads over boosting a post so I hope that was helpful in distinguishing the difference between the two if you guys have any questions feel free to leave them in the comments and I'll see you in the next video tired of feeling overwhelmed with marketing your small business let our experience marketing team help your business grow with personalized strategies tailored to meet your needs we'll help you stand out in a crowded Market contact us today for more information at foxsocialmedia.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @evalyne2031 [9 likes]: Hey i use boosting currently and its better than engagement ads that i create in ads Manager
  2. @ipb7775 [2 likes]: Hi. Isn’t there an option on Ads Manager to create an ad from an existing post?
  3. @lookwhapiraya4420 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for making this video 🙏🏻😊
  4. @SimpleMarketingAcademy [1 likes]: Click this link to learn more about how to utilize Facebook to grow your business
http://www.FoxSocialMedia.com/ebooks
  5. @AdamGentry211 [1 likes]: Thank you. This has been helpful. I know two people who are professionals in marketing, and one advocates for boosting, the other for ad campaigns, and they both seem to have strong reasons for their opinions, but as I listen to and consider both perspectives, to me it seems less rooted in statements about concrete pros and cons of each and more of a general sentiment of "This is what you should be doing," so a video like this feels helpful in terms of getting some sense of when and why either would be a good choice.
  6. @dionnebrown9908 [1 likes]: We have two job positions available. Is it better to boost the post or create a job ad?
  7. @alexandrumihalachi5095 [1 likes]: Hi! What should I do when I start a business page from scratch? Should I run an Ad from Facebook Ads Manager or boost a post?
  8. @Patco.1981 [1 likes]: So the big thing you overlooked in the video is the explanation of how a post on my timeline gets boosted so others who arent friends will see the post.  How does that work?  Who will see the post and under what circumstances.  For example,  when I login to facebook in the morning, will I see a "boosted" post from someone who I don't know?  And what will the post actually look like......i.e. is there some sort of image or something.  I posted on my time line to the public a simple link for my new website.  Then I boosted it.  So I am having a problem understanding who will see it, under what circumstances and what it will look like.
  9. @nolimitchix [1 likes]: Great video🎉.
Can you tell me if you can use a Facebook account in professional mode with paid ads in the meta  business suite?😊
  10. @Itsjaguarjones [1 likes]: Thank you for the video. I would love to hear about meta now allowing you to boost post cause if the audio. I want to create an awareness for an event and have content doing really well organically but can boost cause of the audio. How do you work around this
  11. @evalyne2031 [1 likes]: What i would like to know, if there is a way i can set daily budget on boosted posts not life time thank you
  12. @SimpleMarketingAcademy [1 likes]: Do you have any questions about boosting posts vs. Facebook ads?
  13. @SimpleMarketingAcademy: Need more help with your small business marketing? Get our FREE RESOURCES HERE: https://bit.ly/FreeSMAResources

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanrileyonline [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- How To Crush Facebook Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Facebook ads agency I ran successful Facebook ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets literally $100 per month that's about $3 per day and the good news is you absolutely can succeed with Facebook ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is so I would Define a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $33,000 per month so about $100 per day or less and a tiny Facebook ads budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Facebook ads budget so that's the good news and actually recommend a lot of businesses start there they start with a small budget because your first Facebook ad campaigns might not perform really well out of the gate they might take a bit of time to work it out that sometimes happens and it's better to start small start with an amount that's not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulties and then once you know your campaigns are profitable you can always scale from there there are however some things I'd recommend you do differently or things you really need to focus on when you're operating with a small Facebook ad budget as opposed to a larger budget and that's what we're going to run through in this video those things that you might need to adjust that you really need to focus on if you want success with a small budget so Point number one is to copy from what works best in your industry already when you have a small budget you don't have a lot of money with which to test you can't go out and test lots of different ad formats and different creative options and different headline options you just you just don't have the money to be able to dedicate to all those different variables to know which works best and which doesn't so the way you massively shortcut that is you take a look at what's already working really well in your industry now you can do that with a free tool called The Meta ads Library you literally Google it pop right up and then you can take a look at any Facebook and Instagram advertisers ads that are currently live and you can see what ads they're running and how long Those ads have been running for so I'd recommend you go and check out a number of competitors find those that are that are running Facebook and Instagram ads take a look at the ads that they're running and then a top tip is to analyze in particular the ones that have been running a long time so if you find an ad that's been live for 3 months or 6 months or longer the chances are that that ad's performing really well otherwise that company would have turned off Those ads so you take a look at those ads that have been live for quite a long time is still currently live you'll be able to see all that information within the meta ads library and then you think okay why are those ads working can we replicate that in our own ads can we create ads with a similar style can we create ads with the same format are they image are they video uh can we use some of the a similar language in our copy you don't want to fully copy Those ads you want to model from them and create your own versions but that can massively shortcut your path to success because you can basically benefit from all the testing that someone else has done potentially with a much larger budget and bring that into your ads and have a much higher percentage of your ads working which is what you need to do with a small budget because like I said you don't have the budget to go out and do a lot of testing and to make this even easier for you HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic fantastic free resource that contains 50 High performing Facebook ads there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples and find great options to model from they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find what you're looking for I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video Point number two is to reduce the number of variables so firstly I'd recommend that you focus on one off only just try and sell the one product or service I'd recommend that you start by trying to sell what is sold best previously if you don't have data on that you're a brand new business then go with whichever option you think will sell best or at least the option that has the best margins because obviously the better margins the more profitable your Facebook ads are going to be if you do manage to sell um that product or service and that really helps reduce the number of variables and doesn't spread your budget your small budget across too many campaigns too many ad sets too many ads because if you do that you're not going to get enough data enough conversions on any one of those campaigns adssets etc for a you to know whether or not they're performing well and be for meta to be able to optimize properly so really really important to reduce the number of variables and then when you're just advertising that one offer make sure that you don't overload meta with too many variables within that one campaign so not too many adets not too many ads really reduce right down obviously once it's working and then you're looking to scale you can expand you can sell other products sell other services and things like that but do that once you're able to start increasing your budget because your One Core offer your most profitable or your bestselling thing is performing really well number three is to trust matter what do I mean by that it means using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or using Advantage Plus audience when using manual campaigns giving meta some suggestions around targeting But ultimately allowing mattera to do what it thinks is best in terms of finding the Right audience and and doing all the things that it wants to do from an optimization standpoint when you have a small budget you can't afford to be cute or ever or try and think around the system or risk part of that budget on unusual or out there things something we might do with larger budgets we think this has a low probability of working but if it does work it might work really really well so it's worth dedicating a small po portion of our budget and giving this a go that doesn't work with small budgets you don't have the budget with which to play so just go with the recommendations the guidelines remember meta wants you to get the best ad results possible because they know if you do that you're going to spend more stick around for longer Etc so go with their recommendations for the most part use their systems and try and get all of that on your side now Point number four is that you should be willing to spend more on conversions now a lot of new Facebook advertisers particularly those operating with small budgets they have unrealistic expectations of how profitable and how successful their ad campaign should be so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers relatively new usually operating with small budgets and I'll ask them what's your target return on adspend like what do you want to hit from a return on adspend number that would make your campaigns work and you'd be happy with that and then they'll often say a 10x so for every dollar they spend on Facebook ads they want $10 worth of sales leads Etc um back that's pretty unrealistic particularly for a relatively new Facebook ad account without a lot of conversion data operating um with a small budget so I think you should be willing to be much more aggressive with what you're happy to spend to get a new customer I would personally recommend being quite aggressive and going all the way up to your break even number that might be a 2 XRS that might be a 2.5 XRS 3x rows obviously a lot lot less than what people typically say when they're operating with small budgets and their beginners and that's a 10x rows now what that allow you to do yes you won't make as much money from each new customer acquired but what that allow you to do is scale and when you're apprting with a small budget it's really important to remember that the results you get aren't forever the point of the campaigns and the ads that you're running right now is to get them successful get them to at least break even and allow you to scale when you do that your campaign are going to generate more conversion data you'll have more budget to then play with meta will be able to optimize your campaigns better you will likely see an improvement in results um you also start building a larger customer base you start building a bigger brand because the more people interact with your business uh the more brand awareness there is the more likely there are to be referrals the more likely to be Word of Mouth the more um repeat business you get because you've got a larger customer base now perhaps you don't want to be quite as aggressive as going all the way to break even um in terms of your your sort of cost per purchase or your cost per lead but would you not be happy with a 4X Rass I think you should be with a small budget I think that's a pretty good outcome and if you can achieve that you can then scale um and like I said you get all those benefits that I've just discussed so in general be braver with your ad spend see a lower Rass number than something like a 10x Ras as a success because what we're doing right now with a small budget is not trying to make a lot of profit is to get us ready to be able to scale and produce better results and build a better more profitable business so Point number four five is no brand awareness I've heard a lot of small business owners over the years say things like oh it's good to spend a bit of money on ads just sort of get your business out there what does that even mean that's so wishy-washy isn't it get your business out there that that's that's nothing tangible that's nothing concrete you're not really measuring any sort of return on investment from that it's just a a throwaway sentence but it absolutely dictates some advertisers Behavior they spend a bit of money on an awareness campaign to sort of get their business out there as a small business with a small budget if you run an awareness campaign and you're aiming for brand awareness that's a really good way to just see no results from your marketing efforts just literally get no return no customers no leads ex I've seen it happen so many times it's what a lot of new advertisers do particularly those operating with a small budget when you're using a small budget you have to go for what you really want which is either going to be leads or sales depending on your business you need to set your campaign up for that you need to um craft your ad copy for that you need to produce creative that is designed to get you that you don't have the budget to mess around with other things brand awareness campaigns are for larger companies typically those that already have an element of brand awareness and they're looking to multiply that to refresh it to keep it going as opposed to build it um from scratch now one exception to that is my omnipresent content strategy which actually does use the awareness campaign objective it can be very effective with small budgets because you're using it with a small targeted audience only works for certain types of business I'll include a link in the video description in case you want to go ahead and check that out for further information so that is an exception but for the vast majority of businesses operating with small budgets they should be going directly for leads directly for sales and not trying to run awareness campaigns guess how much I've spent on Facebook ads in Total 1 million 10 million no the real number is at least $50 million and I'm giving away everything I've learned from spending those $50 million on Facebook ads in one crazy bundle where you'll get 100 plus step-by-step training videos access to an exclusive School Community with more than 700 business owners just like you live calls and live trainings with me and my team first no updates on changes to algorithms and what's working right now plus so much more all for the tiny price of just £97 per month and this bundle is filled with the exact strategies that we use to generate insane results like this and like this and like this so if you want to stop messing around with your Facebook ads and actually have them change your business and your life click the link and I'll see you on the inside okay Point number six is to not mess with your Facebook ad campaigns too frequently now one of the most important parts of Facebook advertising and understanding how it works is the learning phase when you create a new campaign you set it live the ad set will go into the learning phase and that's where meta is running all sorts of experiments to try and get you the best results possible so they're working out who within the target audience should they put the ads in front of uh what time of day should they put ads in front of people how many Impressions do people need on average in order to take the action that you want to take so all these various experiments now during the learning phase your results are quite volatile because all these tests are being run now the learning phase can last varying amounts of times it depends on conversion volume but let's say for example on average it's 48 Hours within your ad account if you are going back into your campaigns and making adjustments and tweaks and things like that every time you do that it resets the learning phase so you restart you go through that process again which means that a lot of I've seen this happen so many different ad accounts a lot of Facebook advertisers are making changes at least once every 48 hours to the point where their campaigns can never properly optimize can never properly get out of the learning phase and they miss out on the better results and the full optimization that they could have had um because they just can't help themselves but tinker and make these changes and when you're operating with a small budget it's more difficult for your campaigns to get out of the learning phase anyway because what meta really needs to learn to optimize is conversions and I often get the questions one of the most common questions I get asked is once I create a new Facebook ad and set it live how long should I leave leave that before knowing it it whether it works or not and there is no set time and the reason why is because it depends on conversion volume so let's say for example you're running a campaign in ad account that gets 2,000 purchases a day like we have clients that operate with that sort of volume well we can set an ad live and we will know whether or not it's working within a couple of hours it'd be really that quick because you get so many conversions right whereas if you're running a campaign in an ad account that gets five conversions a week it might take you a month to know whether whether or not a new ad is performing well in comparison to say previous benchmarks so it's absolutely based on conversion volume not time when you have a smaller budget you normally generate less conversions than if you have a larger budget and therefore it takes longer to get through the learning phase therefore it's really important for you to just leave things alone let meta do it thing also make sure that you give your ads your campaigns longer to assess whether or not they are actually working because of what I just described it might take a couple of weeks for you to know if this ad is actually producing results the the less you spend the conversions you get the more you need to expand your time frames to assess things okay so Point number seven is to Niche down now when you're operating with a smaller budget instead of trying to advertise to your total target market it's better to to pick a specific section of that market and advertise to them instead otherwise your ads are just going to get lost in the other ads that are sort of generically targeting the whole Market whereas if you pick a small section of your Market you can then tailor your messaging to really speak to those people which makes it much more likely that they will engage much more likely that they will then convert it's actually one of the advantages that smaller businesses with smaller budgets have is they can go more Niche they can be more specific whereas the larger businesses they need uh the larger volume of customers the larger volume of leads they have to stay more broad typically so really lean into that and and take advantage so I'll give you an example so my agency my meta ads agency now we can we're big enough to go broad like we work with all different types of business when it comes to running their Facebook and Instagram ads but if I was to start all over I would pick a very specific Niche to start with for example we could position ourselves as a meta ads agency that specializes in software businesses SAS businesses right we could say this is the only types of business we run ads for we're really specialist at this we're really good at this and then tailor all our marketing and and the messaging for those people specifically so that when those people the people that own SAS businesses or you know marketing managers for SAS businesses they see our advertising they see our marketing and think these guys are perfect for us because they spend specializ in specifically what we do so when you're operating with a smaller budget do that go for a specific subsection of your market and then as you scale and as you grow you can add in other subsections and then eventually uh be large enough to sort of go broad across your your potential total Market but at the beginning that's a real competitive Advantage you can have over some of the big boys is like yeah you know their brand you don't know us but look we specialize in you that's why you should click on our ad that's why you should buy our product that's why you should use our service Point number eight is to jump on new new features and strategies so larger companies with bigger budgets they normally take longer to do things there's lots of decision makers it can be really quite slow trust me as an agency that works we work with all different types of businesses but some of them are very large businesses it can be quite frustrating the speed with which they operate at when you're a smaller business operating with a smaller budget that's another competitive Advantage you can jump on new features you can jump on new strategies and take advantage of stuff that's going to take the bigger players 6 months maybe longer to actually get round to using themselves and with that in mind I'd recommend you check out this video in it I share a new Facebook ad strategy that is brilliant for maximizing leads and sales and if that's what you want which most Facebook advertisers do go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [10 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Ashton_marketing [1 likes]: I'm receiving 4-8 purchases per month by spending $20/day on sales campaign😭 product costs are $100 roughly. please make videos on running campaigns with small budget
  3. @mattmaycroft: I didn't know what I was doing. And I blew $500 in a day.
  4. @amyl7072: You talk too fast. Can't keep up with you
  5. @MrDiyar2660: Should we post 20+ ads per ad set with a low budget to let meta choose the ones most suitable for the customer. Or should we post 2-3 ads? In one of your videos, you recommend to post 20+
  6. @adaoraeje: This video just answered a question i had 2 hours ago. The question was: what's a successful ad for a relatively new meta advertizer.
Thank you for sharing.
I was in the 10x ROAS goal "boat", and have been kicking myself for getting 5x these past few months. Now I'll be more gracious to myself/my business.

Again, thank you.
  7. @sambaldwin4898: Would you recommend retargetting being your first meta ads campaign?
  8. @arbenr8897: Can you create a new similar video, Ben? :) please
  9. @ImOnPoint: This feels like a Facebook ad. The tips are not super groundbreaking.
  10. @rosiefoster713: Hi does this still apply on 2026?  if i follow your tutorial or has it changed?
  11. @rossscobievideographer53: Just on this, I recently stopped my campaigns during the day and only played evevnings before I started leads and followers
  12. @TheSerpentOfSiena: Do you still offer a service where you run the ad campaign for others?
  13. @propmakermaker: small shop how the fuck has 600 dollars to spend on ads
  14. @RenzoRiccetti: I'm doing COD e commerce and I'm at a low spend (20-30€/day). I can afford to spend more (100€/day) but I don't because COD is peculiar and if a campaign gets your 30 purchases in one day, 6 of those 30 will contact you saying they don't actually want it. Of those 24 left, only 16 will be a succesful delivery on the first try and of those 8 left,  you will only deliver 4 and the other 4 you'll have to ship them back (which costs money) so stuff like this prevents me from scaling a "good performing" campaign because it gives me liquidity issues since I get the money from the paid orders about 2-3 days later (maybe even 4 if its the weekend). Do you have any advice on what to do? Because I'll get pretty good results at 30€/day (about 6-7 orders) and I decide not to touch it until I recuperate cash flow and the next day it'll do 2 orders at 30€/day. Thank you and great  video btw!
  15. @RachelDacusAuthor: Real talk for small business advertisers! Thanks, Ben. This is a valuable video, and I'm recommending it to my fellow indie authors.
  16. @StephencreatefunContent: What happens when you have a new customer who demands you create an ad with the goal to go to their website, but their website sucks and they have no social media presence either. Is it still worth it to advertise  on Facebook when you really have nothing to start with?
  17. @VRDNS0707: Quick question @Ben Heath. I am running a brand new ad account for E-com, Should i warm up pixel by using conversion event to be View Content or I can set it directly to be Purchases ?
  18. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735: when ABO, budget lower than $5 show "To avoid zero results, the budget must be set to at least $5.00". CBO budget when lower than running adset number* $5, the same. Is it update or bug?
  19. @dabcreatives: Hey Ben, our coach is telling us to run 4 ad sets, 3 ads each w/ a $50-per-day campaign budget running 12 hours. That's like 15 clicks per ad. Shouldn't we just stick to say, 1 ad set + 3 ads?
  20. @LucasMetherall-t4t5u: Thank god you're British. Not to be racist, but I can't handle super American-accented people telling me how to do... anything, really.

- Facebook Ads Budgeting: How to Forecast Your Costs: Kind: captions Language: en - How much do Facebook ads even cost? And where do you start with setting your ad budget? In this video I'm gonna walk you through my exact process for defining an ad budget based on your sales goals. And at the end, I'm going to share an example of a few different funnels, and the different conversions you should expect with each effect. (upbeat music) First step in determining your ad budget is to define how much revenue you wanna generate with your Facebook ads in the next 30 days. And then we will work backwards from there to achieve that revenue goal. Once you have that sales goal, (air whooshing) you need to figure out how many sales and actual units you need to sell. So that means that total revenue goal divided by the cost or the average cost of your offer. And that will tell you how many units you wanna sell. For example, if I wanted to make $10,000 in the next 30 days running ads, and I had a $1,000 product I would need to sell 10 units of that product. So I would know my goal is $10,000 and 10 different sales. Now, once we have the number of units we wanna sell to achieve our sales, we need to define either how many landing page views we need from our ads or leads. And the way we do that is we figure out our average sales conversion. So I'm gonna walk you guys through a couple of industry averages. If you have data on your own from anything you've previously done, absolutely use that and plug this into this formula. So first, if your business is set up where you get email leads and then you sell to customers through a webinar or through a video series, something like that, you're defining how many email leads you need to achieve your sales goal. And we need to come up with a sales conversion of those leads. We're going to just use 5% to make it easy. If you have a really expensive product, you will have a lower sales conversion. If you have a really inexpensive product under $300, you might have a higher sales conversion. Feel free to adjust this for your business. So then we take the number of sales we just defined and we divide that by our sales conversion we've chose. So we would do 10 divided by five and we will multiply that by a hundred. That equals 200. So I need 200 email leads. Now, if you run ads straight from the ad to a product, we have to calculate how many landing page views you need. So let's say 7% of all the people who land on your sales page, buy your product. We'll take that sales goal, let's use 10 again as an example, divide it by seven, times 100. So we'll need approximately 143 people to land on our page to then buy our product. Once we have these numbers, we can determine our ad spend budget by multiplying either by the cost per lead or the cost per landing page view. Don't worry if you don't know your average cost per lead. It can range anywhere from two to $10 depending on your industry, depending on how much your offer is, and depending on what you're sending them to. Let's start with the lead example. Now I'm gonna use an average cost of $4 cost per lead. In order to get 200 leads, we'll multiply by four. We need to spend $800 in ad spend to get those 200 leads. Now look at the landing page view example. The average landing page view costs 50 cents to $3. So if we took 143 times a dollar we would need to spend $143. Now this is the question most people will have at this point, what if I get to this step and I don't wanna spend that much money on my ads? What you'll have to do is just use this formula and go back and adjust it until your sales goal matches a reasonable ad spend goal. And that's one of the most important reasons that you do this before running ads. This is what stops people from boosting posts or throwing things out there and hoping they work because we're going to go into this very intentionally. I'm gonna spend $800 to make $10,000. So let's say instead of selling 10 of those courses, you put your goal as 100. You wanna do $100,000 in the next 30 days selling those courses. You would say, I wanna sell 100 courses at that 5% sales conversion. Means that you need 2000 leads at that $4 cost per lead. Our ad spend would then be $8,000. And you keep playing with these numbers until your budget aligns with your sales goal, and it's something you're willing to spend based on where you're at today in your business. If your budget is feeling too high, then you can decrease your sales goal, or you can play with your conversion numbers to get it to a place where it matches what you're willing to spend today. Now, if you get here and your budget is too low and you're actually willing to spend more, then increase that budget and you'll also be able to increase your sales goal. I do have some general rules of thumb when planning out your budget. The first one is I recommend having a minimum of $500 to put towards your Facebook ads. I feel like anything less than that, it's not really worth it and you don't get the traction. The other rule of thumb comes with that average conversion rate. Business to consumer marketing is very different from business to business marketing. Generally in the business to consumer space, you're gonna have a lot less cost per lead and cost per landing page view, you'll be on that lower end of the averages. But your sales conversion will be a little bit lower. The consumers usually need a couple more touch points with your brand, and they're a little bit harder to sell to. But in the business to business space, you'll probably pay higher cost per lead. You might be on that higher end of the industry averages but then if you actually successfully get someone to your landing page or to your webinar, your sales conversion will be higher. So those are a few things to take into consideration depending on your business and your industry when planning out these metrics. Before I get into the next tip, do you mind hitting the like button? It really helps our channel out. Now let's look at what these numbers look like with a few specific funnels. Let's start with the webinar funnel. So with a webinar, an average cost per webinar registration is anywhere from $3 to $10. If you are in an industry targeting consumers, again you'll probably be at the lower end. And targeting business owners, you'll probably be at that higher end. Let's look at a high ticket sales funnel where you would be selling people through a call or an application into your higher level service. In this sales funnel usually about one to 3% of your leads will actually purchase. And it might vary how you're getting them to that call. So if you're using a webinar, you'll fall within that three to $10 average cost per webinar registration as well. And finally, let's look at an e-commerce funnel. This would also be relevant to a self-liquidating offer funnel if you have a very low priced digital product and you're going straight from your ad to your product, you will pay an average of 50 cents to $3 for that landing page view, and you should be converting anywhere from five to 10% of that traffic. Now I know that was a ton of numbers. So feel free to go back and screenshot that chart and come back to it any time. Now it's time to build the funnel that is right for your business and your unique goals. This is the first video in my complete Facebook ad process. Click here to watch the playlist of all the rest of them. Or here's another video that I think you might like.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrantCX [3 likes]: Amazing content, straight to the point, value rich without empty filling to prolong watch time 

I will definitely subscribe!
  2. @tellednelle4173 [3 likes]: Quick question:
At 3:17 into the video, I don't understand your AD SPEND budget calculation.
If I do the math with the following variables, it's not making sense to me:
Assuming a sales goal of $20,000 with an Average Cart Value of $50 and a Cost Per Lead of $1 WIth a 7% Conversion Rate...
Your equation would yield:
20,000/50=400 Sales Required
400*7=2,800 Leads
It is this part of the equation that I think is a bit off, here's why:
If I take 7% of 2,800 leads, I come up with 196 sales, not 400.
I think the correct equation should be DIVIDED BY, NOT MULTIPLIED BY Conversion Rate.
400/.07 = Approximately 5,714 Leads
This would yield the correct number of leads required to yield 400 sales at a 7% conversion rate.
The rest of the equation seems to be correct.
5,714*1=$5,714 Ad Spend Budget
.
Please let me know if I am mistaken. I'm literally working this out right now for my kick-off FB ad campaign and I'm not sure what to budget.
  3. @SocialMediaExaminer [2 likes]: 🏆Create a Winning Facebook Ads Strategy: The Complete Guide [Playlist] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcAMFtfAtnQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bbeTmT-07kjk7AYJolxKtI&index=1
  4. @shaonkaminecki5966 [2 likes]: Very thought provoking.  Question: if you are in B2C retail, do you measure wholesale or retail costs when setting your goal.  If your goods have a 50% margin, should you set a sales goal, for example, of selling $1000 of goods or set your goal at $500, because you had to pay $500 for the goods.
  5. @jennwaughmedia [1 likes]: but how can you ensure you get the $4/lead
  6. @supriyanaiya3433 [1 likes]: Amazing Calculation and great information ❣️
  7. @andyrao7700 [1 likes]: How do you determine cost per lead, and conversion rate if it's a multi step funnel. On fb ads it's usually an advert with a video, on which % viewed can be a determinant to retarget that audience which is warmer with a webinar or a landing page funnel. In this case will you add cost of landing page viewed and number of people who viewed the video ad toghether to get to the final metric. Industry in question can be a complex medical product and is B2C
  8. @erickjaimel: Where do you get industry standards?
  9. @VishalKashyap-o8l: Insightful
  10. @Willie-p5l: @ 4:30 you state as rule of thumb, to invest no less than $500 on FB Ads.  Is that monthly or for the lifetime of the ad?
  11. @suntaramusic: You are amazing! Thank you! Do you do 1:1 Coaching as well?
  12. @Lahiru_C: Great content  👌👏👍
  13. @mahutin2: My Ad Spend Budget ends up being higher than my Revenue Goal whenever I use the realistic costs and conversion rates.

What do I do?
  14. @donl1279: May I know the difference between cost per landing page view and cost per lead? I thought the lead is the same to the landing page view.
  15. @com5591: to get 2000 sales id need to spend 100k? avg conversion rate is 2%
  16. @traken001: what I really would like to know is more is about how to maintain order in the ads manager, audience interfaces or maybe what are the best practice for naming and maintaining the campaigns in order that would be really helpful, thanks so much for all ur content
  17. @tellednelle4173: I should also add... this video is outstanding. Thanks.
  18. @christiane785: Helpful... thanks!
  19. @moniquecassis7854: Cool seeing Emily here! :)
  20. @dexenthamzanadeem3843: helooo maam how are you I hope you are fine I have one question maam and I hope you reply me maam I have one group about relationship my group is near to 847k plus community but group engagement probelm alwyas it's now in -16 i don't know I have much focus on group I always everyday many quotes post but why group is decreasing what reason peoples leaving and also engagement is in -16 how to solve this problem please reply me I'm waiting for your reply please guide me

- Working Out The PERFECT Facebook Ad Budget: Kind: captions Language: en single most common Facebook ads question that I get asked is what should my budget be and to be honest it's kind of an annoying question because without knowing more about the specific circumstances of that individual of that business I can't give an answer maybe the right budget for them is 300 a month maybe it's 300 000 a month but I can show you how you can work out what your budget should be given your specific circumstances that's what I'm going to do in this video so let's start with the traditional way of working out what your budget should be so let's assume that you're an e-commerce business and your average order value is 80 and let's also assume that you need to hit a 2X row ass in order to break even that's your Breakeven Point soon to generate purchases conversions for forty dollars each okay now we know given what Facebook tells us that we want to be aiming for 50 conversions per week in order to get out of the learning phase if we can get out of the learning phase then our campaigns should perform better so just do a little bit of simple math you need to generate 50 conversions a week each one's going to cost you 40 now of course we're going to hope that each conversion is going to cost you less than that but we start with a break-even point to make this calculation so we need to generate 50 conversions a week they're going to cost 40 each that works out at a weekly Facebook ad budget of two thousand dollars roughly eight thousand dollars uh per month eight and a half thousand dollars per month to work back to get your daily budget just divide your two thousand by seven which equals roughly 286 dollars I've got pounds in there just because obviously this ad account is based in there based in UK and just on this note I would strongly recommend that you do go with daily budgets over lifetime budget so I've got another video on that I'll include a link to the description if you want to work out why you should use daily budgets instead of Lifetime budgets okay so that's the traditional way of working out we're going to look at a starting budget of 286 dollars per day eight and a half thousand dollars per month that's your starting point go with that good luck seriously Stone Cold seriously now there'll be lots of people watching this video particularly if you're relatively new on your Facebook ads Journey going I can't afford anywhere near that much and that's absolutely fine this traditional way of working it out is nonsense and it's nonsense for a few reasons firstly you could absolutely have good results in the learning phase if you see that you're still in the learning phase or you see learning limited alongside your ad sets don't think that your campaigns won't work Facebook tell you that your campaigns will perform better if you spend more and get out of learning phase there is a hint of truth to it but mainly because it benefits Facebook right we just run this calculation and you might come to the conclusion that you need to spend eight and a half thousand dollars per month as a minimum Facebook ad budget you don't that would benefit Facebook Facebook would love that but you shouldn't start there that's too much for the vast majority of Facebook advertisers so particularly when you're getting started throw out any notion that you need to have a large enough budget to get out of the learning phase in order for your campaigns to perform they can absolutely do well within the learning phase and you need to prove that they can perform well at lower budget levels before you start to scale that is very important otherwise you could end up wasting a lot of money very quickly the beginning stages of Facebook ad campaign are all about testing optimization working out the ad creative the ad copy um all the sort of various the offer that go into making a Facebook ad campaign successful you need to do with a smaller budget okay so if this is not how you should calculate your starting budget how should you do it and the process of working this out is actually really simple you just need to sort of apply the framework that I'm about to explain I think your starting budget your minimum budget should be an amount that if you lose all of it and you generate no sales no leads Etc that's absolutely fine it is not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulty I think that's really really important what that is for your business is absolutely going to depend do you have a business that's turning over 100 million a year or you've just gotten started last week and there's no Revenue whatsoever those two visitors are in completely different circumstances and that number of yeah we can afford to lose this and it's not going to cause us you know any any financial difficulty is going to be very very different so that's the first thing right start with an amount that if you don't generate any leads any sales for that first month it's not crippling in any way but I wouldn't start with an amount that's so small that you wouldn't care about it so for example let's say you've got a successful business let's say it's a seven figure business I'm turning over about a million dollars a year one million dollars if you start a new campaign and you spend ten dollars a day are you really gonna care about the 300 if you lose it probably not it's not enough whereas for a smaller business that might be plenty might be too much even you want to find that sweet spot where you go we can afford to lose this it's not gonna hurt us to put us in any difficulty if we do but emotionally it's gonna sting a bit I don't want to lose this I want this to come back with a return there's there's other things we could be spending this money on and that's a sweet spot because it's really important that you care I've seen some businesses larger businesses start they they create a Facebook ad campaign they get it running they start with a tiny budget they just doesn't mean anything even if it works it's not gonna affect the number of sales they generate the number of leads they generate because they're already generating a lot elsewhere so you need to find that sweet spot it's not going to hurt us but we care and that caring is really important because it means you're going to you know either if you're running the campaigns yourself you're going to be in your ad account you're going to be looking at the data you're going to be making adjustments trying to optimize the campaigns trying to test new stuff if it's too small you probably won't be bothered to do all of that and if you're a bigger business you've got someone else doing it for you you then likewise you're gonna be checking up on how they're doing and monitoring the results and you're going to be involved in the process you're going to be willing to you know if you're working with agency and they say look we need uh you know new video created of whatever you go okay yeah we've got people we can do that and we'll get that over to you and that sort of thing you're going to be willing to take the steps that are required to make you successful in the space okay so spend a bit of time and work out what that number is likely to be for you and that's just a starting point what you want to do is work out that your offer creative Etc can work at that budget level before you then go ahead and scale you don't need to stay advertising with a budget that's that small you can absolutely scale up to the point where it's very significant but only once you know it can deliver results for you that way you don't risk losing too much money when you're in that testing an optimization phase near the beginning now I'm going to show you exactly how you should scale in a second but before I do just want to quickly mention our Facebook ads done for you services so my company creates manages and optimizes Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for clients if that's something you're interested in you can find a link in the description below but click on that you can go through to a page booking a call directly with one of my team members we do have a 3K per month minimum budget requirement so please only give a call if you meet that but if you do go ahead book a call find out more hopefully we get a chance to work together and then as I mentioned once you've got Facebook ad campaigns that are delivering results are delivering a profitable or at least a break-even return on our spend then you can look to scale and in this video here I show you exactly how you should scale your Facebook ad budgets there's a lot of misinformation around about this people get it wrong all the time they scale too often they scale into larger increments I show you exactly how to do it step by step with examples go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @JenniferDinkins-g2i [1 likes]: Finally, someone emphasizing that the perfect budget is about understanding your business, not chasing vanity metrics or following generic advice! This video is a must-watch for anyone serious about ROI.
  2. @toshia-e2r [1 likes]: This video's a wake-up call to stop guessing and start analyzing; understanding your sales cycle is the foundation of a successful ad budget. Generic advice is useless without that personalized, data-driven approach. Time to dive into the numbers!
  3. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @efrain-h6p: This video is a great reminder that there's no magic number; it's about understanding your sales cycle and using data to inform your spend. Focus on your customer journey and KPIs to build a budget that actually works for you.
  5. @sacarhalloway: This video is a great reminder that the best Facebook ad budget is the one rooted in your specific sales cycle and business KPIs. Stop guessing and start analyzing!
  6. @ninusweiser: Excellent video, it underscores that effective ad spend starts with knowing your business inside and out – your sales cycle, KPIs, and ideal customer journey. Data-driven decisions will always beat generic budget recommendations.
  7. @yessenyahoye: Great video, it's a good reminder to start with the end in mind: understand your sales cycle and desired ROI before you even touch the ad platform. Knowing your numbers allows you to build a budget that actually drives business growth, not just vanity metrics.
  8. @LuisaReyes-w5g: Great video, it's a helpful reminder that the "perfect" budget is the one that aligns with your specific business goals and data, not some arbitrary industry benchmark. Focus on understanding your funnel, folks!
  9. @RafaelOrn-p5w: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  10. @palmershivers: Forget generic advice; this video nails the importance of a data-driven approach tied directly to your sales cycle and KPIs. A tailored strategy is the key to avoiding wasted ad spend and scaling effectively. Definitely worth the watch if you're serious about maximizing your ROI!
  11. @arundel-d8e: So true, it's about understanding your funnel and customer journey, not just randomly allocating budget! Before you even think about setting that budget, know your numbers. Then, scale intelligently!
  12. @hesekiah-k5p: Finally, a video that cuts through the noise and emphasizes data-driven decision-making; understanding your sales cycle and KPIs is paramount, not just following generic advice. It's refreshing to see practical strategies for aligning ad spend with actual business outcomes.
  13. @cerridwen-e6x: This video made me rethink my entire approach! Focusing on data-driven decisions and aligning with actual business goals is a game-changer, and the emphasis on a tailored strategy is crucial to avoid wasted spend. I'm excited to implement these insights and track my progress.
  14. @TrueNorthPlays-d4o: Fantastic points about aligning your ad budget with your specific business goals and sales cycle; a data-driven approach is essential to avoid wasted spend and maximize ROI.
  15. @brankoedmonson: Really appreciate the emphasis on aligning ad spend with clear business goals; it's a refreshing take on a topic often oversimplified. Setting a budget should always start with understanding your own sales cycle and target customer.
  16. @SonjaBrauer: Very informative
  17. @olive-o8y: This video really highlights the importance of data-driven decision-making with Facebook ads and avoiding the common trap of overspending without a clear strategy. It's a much-needed perspective for anyone struggling to find the right balance with their ad budget.
  18. @Britni-y1b: Love the emphasis on understanding your own business metrics and not just blindly following generic advice – that's the key to making any ad budget work effectively!
  19. @jaxton-r2m: Really appreciate the practical advice here, it's a refreshing perspective compared to the typical "one-size-fits-all" budget strategies. Thanks for helping us think critically about our ad spend!
  20. @Melissa-h6l4l: Informative.

- How To DOMINATE Facebook Ads With A Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: hi जब मैंने पहली बार कोचिंग शुरू की और लोगों को सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने में मदद की, तब हमने अपना पहला सफल छह आंकड़ा व्यवसाय बनाया, बहुत सारे लोग हमारे पास आए जिनके पास दुनिया में सबसे बड़े बजट नहीं थे, उनके पास बहुत छोटे बजट थे और हम वास्तव में फेसबुक विज्ञापनों पर केवल $ 5 प्रति दिन खर्च करके भी बहुत से लोगों को सफलता प्राप्त करने में मदद करने में सक्षम थे, इसलिए इस वीडियो में मैं आपको फेसबुक विज्ञापनों को लाभप्रद रूप से चलाने और वास्तव में अच्छा पैसा कमाने का एक प्रभावी तरीका दिखाने जा रहा हूं, भले ही आपका बजट बहुत छोटा हो, सबसे आम सवाल जो मुझे तब मिलता है। फ़ेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने की बात आती है, अरे मेरा बजट क्या होना चाहिए, शुरू करने के लिए एक अच्छा दैनिक बजट क्या है, अब रणनीति में जाने से पहले हमें सबसे पहले यह परिभाषित करना होगा कि एक छोटा बजट क्या है, एक छोटा बजट, फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के लिए प्रति दिन $ 50 से कम कुछ भी है, तो इसका मतलब यह है कि आपके पास अपने फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के लिए लगभग $ 1,400 प्रति माह का बजट है और ईमानदारी से जो कोई भी फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के साथ शुरुआत कर रहा है, जिसने पहले कभी विज्ञापन नहीं चलाए हैं या उसके पास वास्तव में कोई बड़ा व्यवसाय नहीं है, मैं शुरू करने की सलाह दूंगा। छोटे बजट का कारण यह है कि आप नहीं जानते कि आपके लिए क्या काम करेगा, यह पता लगाने के लिए हमें परीक्षण करना होगा और देखना होगा कि सबसे अच्छा क्या काम करेगा, इसलिए मैं हर किसी को सलाह देता हूं कि फेसबुक विज्ञापन पर प्रतिदिन हजारों और हजारों डॉलर खर्च करने से पहले छोटे बजट से शुरुआत करें । यदि आप छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे हैं तो वास्तव में त्रुटि के लिए बहुत अधिक जगह नहीं है यदि आप फेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने में सफल होना चाहते हैं, तो पहली चीज जो मैं आपको करने की सलाह देता हूं वह फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी पर जाएं फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी वास्तव में एक अच्छी जगह है आप अपने प्रतिस्पर्धियों की जासूसी करने के लिए जा सकते हैं, आप ऐसे किसी भी व्यवसाय की खोज कर सकते हैं जो वहां फेसबुक विज्ञापन चला रहा हो और फेसबुक आपको वे विज्ञापन दिखाएगा जो वे वर्तमान में चला रहे हैं, जब छोटे बजट की बात आती है तो आपके पास त्रुटि की सीमित गुंजाइश होती है, इसलिए फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी आपके प्रतिस्पर्धियों की जासूसी करने और उनके द्वारा अभी चलाए जा रहे विज्ञापनों को देखने का एक शानदार तरीका है, जब विज्ञापनों की बात आती है तो यहां एक युक्ति है लाइब्रेरी मैं आपको उन विज्ञापनों पर वापस जाने की सलाह देता हूं जो सबसे लंबे समय से चल रहे हैं, इससे आपको पता चल जाएगा कि वे उनके सबसे सफल विज्ञापन हैं क्योंकि यदि वे लंबे समय से चल रहे हैं, इसका मतलब है कि वे आज भी काम कर रहे हैं, इसलिए आप जो करना चाहते हैं, उसी प्रकार के दृश्य का उपयोग करें जो वे अपने विज्ञापनों के लिए उपयोग कर रहे हैं और कुछ इसी तरह का निर्माण करें, आप उस वीडियो के हुक को देखना चाहते हैं जिसका वे उपयोग करते हैं, आप उस विज्ञापन की प्रतिलिपि को देखना चाहते हैं जिसे उन्होंने वीडियो में उपयोग किया है, क्योंकि यह विज्ञापन उनके लिए काम कर रहा है, इसलिए आप यहां पहिये को फिर से आविष्कार नहीं करना चाहते हैं, हमारे पास खर्च करने के लिए बहुत अधिक पैसा नहीं है, इसलिए जब हमने अपना पहला सफल ब्रांड शुरू किया था, तब आप उस पहिये को फिर से आविष्कार नहीं करना चाहते हैं। हमने बहुत कुछ किया, हमने देखा कि हमारे प्रतिस्पर्धी क्या कर रहे थे, हमने देखा कि हमारे प्रतिस्पर्धी क्या कर रहे थे, हमने वीडियो की शैली को देखा जो वे उपयोग कर रहे थे और हमने बस वही दोहराया जो वे कर रहे थे, हमने इसे बिल्कुल कॉपी नहीं किया, लेकिन हमने वीडियो के कुछ तत्वों का उपयोग किया जिनके बारे में हमें पता था कि वे सबसे अच्छा प्रदर्शन करने वाले थे और हमने इसे अपने छात्रों को भी सिखाया और उन्होंने इसमें भी बहुत अच्छा करना शुरू कर दिया, अभी यहां टिप नंबर दो है, आमतौर पर जब फेसबुक विज्ञापनों का परीक्षण करने और चलाने की बात आती है, तो हम कई अलग-अलग चर का परीक्षण विभाजित करना पसंद करते हैं, जिसका अर्थ है कि हमारे पास कई विज्ञापन हो सकते हैं। एक अभियान में सेट , हमारे पास एक अभियान में कई विज्ञापन हो सकते हैं, हम अलग-अलग वीडियो और चित्रों का एक समूह विभाजित कर सकते हैं, जब फेसबुक और इंस्टाग्राम विज्ञापन चलाने की बात आती है तो हम उनमें से बहुत सी चीजें कर सकते हैं, लेकिन जब आप छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे हैं और आपके पास त्रुटि के लिए बहुत अधिक जगह नहीं है, तो यह बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है कि बहुत अधिक परीक्षण न करें, ठीक है इसका कारण यह है कि मान लें कि आप प्रति दिन 25 डॉलर कर रहे हैं और आप 10 अलग-अलग क्रिएटिव की तरह विभाजित परीक्षण कर रहे हैं, फेसबुक उस $ 25 प्रति दिन के बजट को उन विशेष लोगों के बीच वितरित करने जा रहा है। क्रिएटिव और यह आपको परिणामों तक जल्दी पहुंचने की अनुमति नहीं देगा क्योंकि फेसबुक इस क्रिएटिव के लिए $2 और इस क्रिएटिव के लिए प्रति दिन $3 खर्च कर सकता है और यदि आप परिणामों तक जल्दी पहुंचना चाहते हैं तो यह आपको बहुत परेशान करेगा और परिणाम उतनी जल्दी नहीं आने वाले हैं जितना आप चाहते हैं कि वे आएं इसलिए मैं सीधे इस पर जाने की सलाह देता हूं और अधिक से अधिक यदि आपके पास बहुत छोटा बजट है तो मैं शायद दो क्रिएटिव को विभाजित परीक्षण करने की सलाह दूंगा। मैक्स में मैंने जो सबसे बड़ी गलतियाँ देखी हैं, उनमें से एक यह है कि विज्ञापन के लिए नए लोग यह करते हैं कि उनके पास एक दिन का बजट 10 डॉलर होगा और वे परीक्षण को 10 अलग-अलग क्रिएटिव में विभाजित करेंगे और होता यह है कि आप अंततः उन परिणामों तक पहुंच जाएंगे, लेकिन आपको उन परिणामों तक पहुंचने में बहुत अधिक समय लगेगा क्योंकि फेसबुक वास्तव में आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जा रहे प्रत्येक क्रिएटिव को कम और कम कर रहा है, उदाहरण के लिए मान लें कि आपके पास पांच वीडियो हैं, फेसबुक उस $ 10 प्रतिदिन के बजट को लेने जा रहा है और वे आवंटित कर सकते हैं। प्रत्येक वीडियो के लिए प्रति दिन $2, जब आप अपने बजट को इस तरह फैलाते हैं तो आपके लिए जल्दी से परिणाम प्राप्त करना बहुत कठिन हो जाता है, एक बार जब आप कुछ आकर्षण हासिल करना शुरू कर देते हैं और कुछ बिक्री प्राप्त करते हैं और कुछ पैसे कमाते हैं, तब आप अधिक विभाजित परीक्षण शुरू कर सकते हैं, लेकिन जब आप शुरू करते हैं और आपके पास काम करने के लिए बहुत अधिक बजट नहीं होता है, तो आपको क्रिएटिव, एडेट्स, विज्ञापनों के बारे में बहुत जानबूझकर रहना होगा, जब आप फेसबुक विज्ञापन चला रहे हों तो नंबर तीन का उपयोग करें, फेसबुक आपको कई अलग-अलग उद्देश्य देता है जिनका आप उपयोग कर सकते हैं, आप ब्रांड जागरूकता का उपयोग कर सकते हैं। उद्देश्य आप एक ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं आप एक लीड उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं आप एक बिक्री उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं फेसबुक के पास ये सभी अलग-अलग उद्देश्य हैं जिनका आप उपयोग कर सकते हैं लेकिन फिर जब आप एक छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे होते हैं तो आपके पास खेलने के लिए बहुत अधिक पैसा नहीं होता है इसलिए आपके लिए मेरी सिफारिश है कि आप उस उद्देश्य को चुनें जो आपको सबसे अधिक बिक्री दिलाने वाला है और वह उद्देश्य वास्तव में एक बिक्री उद्देश्य है इसलिए जब आप अपने विज्ञापन चला रहे हैं तो आप बिक्री के लिए अनुकूलन करना चाहते हैं क्योंकि यहां बताया गया है कि फेसबुक क्या करता है फेसबुक किसी अन्य उद्देश्य से छुटकारा पाने जा रहा है और फेसबुक है। उन लोगों को ढूंढने पर ध्यान केंद्रित किया जाएगा जो आपके ऑफ़र को खरीदकर आपके ऑफ़र का लाभ उठाने की अधिक संभावना रखते हैं, इसलिए ब्रांड जागरूकता उद्देश्य को हटा दें, ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य को समाप्त कर दें, उन उद्देश्यों से आपको वह बिक्री नहीं मिलेगी जो आप चाहते हैं, कई बार लोग ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य पर ध्यान केंद्रित करते हैं और यहां समस्या यह है कि जब आप फेसबुक को ट्रैफ़िक के लिए अनुकूलन करने के लिए कहते हैं, तो फेसबुक आपके द्वारा कही गई बातों को ठीक से सुनने के लिए अपनी शक्ति में सब कुछ करने जा रहा है, जिसका अर्थ है कि जब आप विज्ञापन चलाते हैं, तो फेसबुक सबसे अधिक लिंक पर क्लिक करने वाले लोगों की तलाश करेगा, वे उन लोगों की तलाश करेंगे जो इसे पसंद करते हैं। लिंक पर क्लिक करें क्योंकि वे लिंक पर क्लिक करते हैं, इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि वे खरीदार हैं, इसलिए फेसबुक क्या करने जा रहा है, वे आपके सारे पैसे का उपयोग उन लोगों को ढूंढने के लिए करेंगे जो वेबसाइटों पर क्लिक करते हैं, लेकिन खरीदारी नहीं करते हैं और आप ऐसा करने में अपना पैसा बर्बाद नहीं करना चाहते हैं, इसलिए बिक्री उद्देश्य चुनें और सीधे मुद्दे पर आएं, हम बिक्री अभियानों पर प्रति दिन $ 5 से $ 10 खर्च करेंगे और यदि हम ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य संख्या चार का उपयोग करते हैं तो हम उससे कहीं अधिक तेजी से बिक्री करेंगे, फेसबुक हम सभी की तुलना में अधिक स्मार्ट है। आइए छोटे बजट के साथ काम करते समय इसे अपने लाभ के लिए उपयोग करें, मेरा मतलब यह है कि फेसबुक ने वास्तव में प्लेटफ़ॉर्म में एआई बनाया है और आजकल सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापन लॉन्च करना पहले से कहीं अधिक आसान है, जब आप फेसबुक को उन लोगों की विशिष्ट रुचि देने के बजाय अपना विज्ञापन लॉन्च करने देते हैं, जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, बिल्कुल भी लक्ष्यीकरण न करने का प्रयास करें, वस्तुतः बिल्कुल भी कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं है, फेसबुक इतना स्मार्ट है, इसलिए अब यह कैसा दिखने वाला है कि आप एक अभियान चलाने जा रहे हैं, आप अपने अभियान के लिए बजट निर्धारित करने जा रहे हैं। फिर जब आप फेसबुक को बताते हैं कि आप विज्ञापनसेट स्तर पर किसे लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, तो आप वास्तव में कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं करेंगे, आप आयु सीमा जोड़ सकते हैं और आप स्थान जोड़ सकते हैं, लेकिन जहां तक लक्ष्यीकरण की बात है, इसे बिल्कुल खाली छोड़ दें, इससे क्या होगा कि यह आपके दर्शकों को बहुत व्यापक बना देगा और फेसबुक को वास्तव में उन लोगों को ढूंढने की क्षमता देगा जो वास्तव में आपके द्वारा पेश किए जाने वाले उत्पादों और सेवाओं के प्रकार को जानते हैं और पसंद करते हैं, हम हाल ही में इसका अधिक से अधिक परीक्षण कर रहे हैं और इसमें काफी सफलता मिली है। इसमें कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं है, इसलिए इसे अपने विज्ञापनसेट स्तर के अंदर आज़माएं, वहां कोई लक्ष्यीकरण न करें और फेसबुक को अपना काम करते हुए देखें, यह आपको रुचि आधारित लक्ष्यीकरण का उपयोग करने की तुलना में कहीं अधिक व्यापक नेटवर्क बनाने की अनुमति देगा, इससे आपके ब्रांड के लिए अधिक बिक्री प्राप्त करने के लिए फेसबुक की क्षमता अधिकतम हो जाएगी और पांचवें नंबर पर मैसेजिंग नया लक्ष्यीकरण है। इसलिए टिप नंबर चार में याद रखें कि मैंने आपको कोई भी रुचि नहीं जोड़ने के लिए कहा था, फेसबुक को यह न बताएं कि आप किसको लक्षित करने का प्रयास कर रहे हैं, उन लोगों की विशिष्ट रुचियों को जोड़कर जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, ऐसा करने के बजाय इसे खाली छोड़ दें, लेकिन जब आपके विज्ञापन के संदेश की बात आती है तो आप उन लोगों के बारे में बहुत विशिष्ट जानकारी प्राप्त करना चाहते हैं जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं संदेश भेजना नया लक्ष्यीकरण है फेसबुक आजकल इतना अच्छा है कि यदि आप अपने विशेष ग्राहक अवतार को लक्षित करने के लिए वास्तव में अच्छी विज्ञापन प्रतिलिपि तैयार कर सकते हैं तो आप जीत जाते हैं जब फेसबुक विज्ञापनों की बात आती है तो अब विज्ञापन पर इतना ध्यान केंद्रित करने के बजाय। लक्ष्यीकरण पहलू आपको वास्तव में उस संदेश में डायल करना होगा जिसे आप अपने विज्ञापनों के अंदर उपयोग करते हैं और मैं आपको ऐसा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करता हूं कि आप उन लोगों को कॉल करें जिन्हें आप अपने आदर्श लक्षित दर्शकों को कॉल करने में मदद करना चाहते हैं, अपने ग्राहक को कॉल करें और जिस वीडियो का आप उपयोग करते हैं, उन लोगों से विशेष रूप से बात करें जिनकी आप मदद करने की कोशिश कर रहे हैं क्योंकि यहां फेसबुक क्या करने जा रहा है फेसबुक उन शब्दों को सुनने जा रहा है जो आप वीडियो में कहते हैं और यह आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जा रहे विज्ञापन की प्रतिलिपि ले लेगा और यह अपने उत्कृष्ट एआई सिस्टम का उपयोग करने जा रहा है और यह सटीक लोगों को ढूंढने जा रहा है जिन्हें आपके संदेश को सुनने की ज़रूरत है ताकि आपको कुछ और बिक्री मिल सके, यह इतना आसान है कि आजकल आपके फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के किसी भी अन्य हिस्से की तुलना में आपका रचनात्मक महत्व अधिक है और यही कारण है कि हम यह कहना चाहते हैं कि मैसेजिंग एक नया लक्ष्य है जब छोटे बजट की बात आती है तो आपको अपने मैसेजिंग में डायल करना होगा सुनिश्चित करें कि आपका मैसेजिंग अच्छा है और सुनिश्चित करें कि आप उन लोगों से बात कर रहे हैं जिन्हें आप तुरंत मदद करना चाहते हैं और जब क्रिएटिव की बात आती है तो मैं दो से अधिक की सराहना नहीं करने की सलाह दूंगा क्योंकि हम चाहते हैं इसे पहली बार में पूरी तरह से डायल करने के लिए ताकि हम कोई गलती न करें क्योंकि हमारे पास काम करने के लिए एक बड़ा बजट नहीं है, आप सभी अधिक सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापनों को चलाने के लिए इन युक्तियों का पालन करें, भले ही आप शुरुआती हों और भले ही आपके पास कम बजट हो, जैसा कि कहा जा रहा है कि मैं आगे बढ़ूंगा और आज ही यहां से निकलूंगा, कार्रवाई करना याद रखें और आप में से जो लोग तट प्राप्त करने और हमारे मेंटरशिप कार्यक्रमों में से एक में शामिल होने के बारे में अधिक जानना चाहते हैं, आगे बढ़ें और नीचे दिए गए लिंक पर क्लिक करें, हमारे पास कई अलग-अलग अवसर हैं। और आप सभी के लिए शांति के विकल्प

  Top Comments:
  1. @naijastoryrecaps [8 likes]: Wow!
After watching about 10videos on Facebook ads these few days, I never heard this part of Facebook ads
Thank you so much!!
  2. @StephencreatefunContent [2 likes]: I set a weekly budget for a 3 ad A/B test for someone I work for. I skipped the daily budget. One day, it was a Saturday, my boss asked why he had so many credit card charges on that morning. He was freaking out. I told him, I did not set a daily budget because that would restrict your audience. He seemed fine with my answer.  I guess I should have let him know that when you do not set a daily budget, the costs can vary greatly on certain days to target more people? FYI, that was my 1st Facebook campaign running an A/B test. Facebook ads are fun, until you have to explain wild variations in credit card billing.
  3. @TerenBarr [2 likes]: Hej, I just bought your course! I love it!!,,..you guys start with stem cells,..and mindset work,.. best thing ever.
  4. @christianhomeschoolmom777 [2 likes]: thanks. i appreciate your video.
  5. @SunStarA [1 likes]: But sales arent just for online ecommerce? For a local business isnt leads objective better than sales?
  6. @OshadaAdithya-bs3up [1 likes]: thank you
  7. @josephlfagan [1 likes]: this guy purposely made his transcript not available in english to deter scraping his information
  8. @GaliNeuro [1 likes]: Thanks! Great info. But I would like to see how to implement those ads, do you have any video that's actually showing how to do it, step by step? Please 🙏And I sell jewelry.
  9. @christianhomeschoolmom777 [1 likes]: what will you do that because your budget is $5, it's showing 
"0" conversion?
  10. @psypal7224 [1 likes]: No BS direct to the point. Succinct and to the point and very comprehensive. Thank You Sir. You just earned a new Subscription.
  11. @PlamennaZhekova [1 likes]: Great video!
  12. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: So no dynamic creative?
  13. @Judith-g9p [1 likes]: Thanks
  14. @ChasityStar-m3c: Very informative 🎉
  15. @Miamusicgal: Great advice!
  16. @MarvellousKperator: What a bombshell
  17. @JamesDemetro-v9w: Im doing meta adds ther chargeing me with no leads is that how it goes with meta leads
  18. @whitelions99: So do you mean 1 CBO and just test 2-3 ads in the same ad set, or make 2-3 ad sets with one ad each?
  19. @brandyhayes555: This was a GREAT video!!
  20. @viscousfnn: What if you’re trying to build followers first for phycological purposes? Would you still go straight to sales??

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Why do some ads just feel good? We all know that feeling. We scroll on our feed, we see an ad, and it actually hits us. The brands like AG1, Comfort, Young LA, Skims, Element, these brands are dominating the new online market and have spent millions to crack customer psychology. And today, I'm going to pull the curtain back on how real marketers are actually making ads. This video is going to be a little bit different. We're going to forget about the KPIs, the structure. We're not going to be looking inside the ad account. We're going to take it back to the basics on how to actually make good ads. >> TGBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a foresome. Do manual research. These are things that people actually like to see. So, first we're going to go into the psychology. Then I'm going to show you a couple of good ad examples that you can learn from. And at the end, I'm going to give you action items that you can implement today to actually make better ads. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I'm the founder of Creative Don, where we make ad creatives and run meta ads for direct to consumer brands chasing million-dollar months. We've been in business for three years, and I've been drop shipping since I was 13 years old. So, I'm coming up on a decade of running meta ads with tens of millions of dollars spent. So, nothing that we talk about here is theory. This is not an idea. This is backed by decades of firsthand experience and 8 figures spent on ads. But that's enough talk. Let's go ahead and jump in. So the first most important question is what actually makes a good ad. And the psychology really boils down to these four things. The first [music] thing we need to do is actually get their attention. And a lot of the data says you need 3 seconds. I would 100% disagree with that. I think you have about.5 seconds to actually grab someone's attention on the new internet. If you ever sit beside someone or watch people scroll, they're scrolling in less than a second. if it's not interesting to them. The second thing is going to be curiosity. And this is something that people really miss the mark on. You don't need to sell someone all the way in every single one of your ads, right? One of those long prospecting VSSLs where you take a cold scroller completely to a buyer in the ad. That is an example of where you're basically selling all in that original ad. But there are other ways and other things that you can do in your ads, which I'm going to show you in this video, where all you really need to do with the ad is spark enough curiosity to get them to click. And if the bottom of your funnel, whether it be, you know, a listical, a quizfunnel, or just a really good landing page where you can explain what your product does and why they need to buy it, all you need is curiosity in some ads. And really what that means is you're just peing their interest. The next one is going to be invoking some emotion. Are you making them fearful? Are you making them excited? What core emotion are you connecting with that's going to make them feel some kind of way? And the next examples that I'm going to show you with this is going to be extreme stark contrast from positive emotions, humor, laughter to really dark negative emotions, fear, insecurity. This is extremely important that you understand who you're selling to and where they are so you can figure out what emotion is most likely to influence them to make a buying decision. And the final one, we're going to do this one in green, is connection. You need to connect with your CP or the customer that you're trying to sell to. So, next I'm going to show you good ad examples and what you can learn from them. The first two I'm going to show you are really focused on curiosity and emotion. And the second two are more focused on attention and connection. Okay? So, these first two are ads that we're sending to quiz funnels or consumption funnels. Okay? It's important that you understand that because there's not a whole lot of selling done in these ads, but we're really pulling on their curiosity and on their emotion. Let's break down this ad on the left here first. So, this ad we are selling something that is going to allow women to increase their chances of getting pregnant. So, we know we're selling to women in a very emotional time. They're probably thinking, "What's wrong with me?" They maybe think that they're overthinking. Maybe nothing is wrong. And then we're really digging in here when we say, "Stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive." Actually, this is funny. I actually saved the one with a typo for this thing. Supposed to say test, not text. That's funny. But this actually says when we actually ran it, stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive test. Take the quiz and see what's stopping you. So, what are we doing? Are we following these things up here? Did we get their attention? Yes. Are we sparking curiosity? Yes. Are we hitting an emotional pain point? Yes. And are we connecting with our ICP? Yes. And I think everyone watching this video right now can agree this is a good ad. Okay, the next one, and this one's a little bit unique. We have some weird ads. This is for a Looks maxing company. Um, they're basically, you know, selling something that allows people to figure out what's wrong with their face. This I think the philosophy or the psychology behind this ad is I'm almost imagining a young person maybe 16 to 22 doom scrolling at night. It's dark and there's this face looking back at them that's hitting that first thing. It's getting their attention. The next one is it's super simple text. What if one tool gave you everything you need to ascend? And if you're not familiar with the niche, ascend is like a very specific term in the um you know looks maxing space. So that's why we use that term because it's giving us that connection with our ICP and it's also hitting an emotion by just the darkness and the actual you know showing of this face. And overall, this ad is meeting the actual ICP where they need to be met with the content that they need to be met with the copy that they need to read that's going to invoke that curiosity and make them click. And then what happens in the funnel is um there's a lot more consumption in the funnel. These next two ads are very very different, right? These are not dark. These are not really pulling on a whole lot of curiosity. They're not pulling on a whole lot of emotion. But when you're selling, you know, driver covers or putter covers or, you know, a cup that's cleaner for dipping, you don't really need to do that, right? But there are a lot of you out there who don't have these dark brands that are, you know, solving some massive problem, but you still want to make good ads, right? So, when we have products like this, we're really focused on attention, getting the attention fast, and connection. This is funny, right? It's a meme format almost or it's a meme words. The foresome experience you dream about. This is a sharable ad, right? With this these golf products, we're not selling to the old guard of golfers, right? We're selling to, you know, the Gen Z, the millennial golfer who's going to put down 12 Miller lights on, you know, 18 holes on a weekend with his boys. So, we have to understand that we're not just showing them the product. We have to connect with that consumer base, right? And what are those people going to buy because of, you know, if it makes them feel like they're one of the boys, if it's funny, if they can share it with their friends. And we're also increasing the average order value by making an ad like this because this is an ad that they would share to their friends, be like, "Haha, this is funny." The next one, made for spitters, not quitters. I mean, it's just funny, right? Like, you got to think, I'm over here. I have the Zins, the VOS, I don't dip, but if I saw this ad, I would think it's funny. It's connecting with me. It's getting my attention. I would maybe share this with my boys. Right? So, that's the contrast that I want you to understand. Not every ad is built the same, but those four key psychological principles are what's going to allow you to actually build ads that are going to connect with the people that you need them to connect with. Right? The whole point of this, we're not out here talking about, you know, certain video structures or, you know, awareness stages or whatever. We're just trying to make good ads, right? We're trying to think about the psychology behind good ads in this video. Okay. Now, you can tell that if the ICP of this ad were to get either of these two ads, they would be like totally scrolling 2 seconds and vice versa. But you know that if a pregnant lady or a lady who's trying to get pregnant is going to see this ad, very curious. You know, someone who's already aware of the whole looks maxing movement. If they get this ad when they're doom scrolling at night, they're going to be curious. They're going to click on it. You know the Gen Z golfer who's pounding Miller lights on the course. If he gets this ad, he's going to send it to his boys. And you know that the guy who dips a lot and his girl complains about, you know, his nasty dip cup. You know, there's a good possibility that he's going to buy this. So, I wanted to show those examples. We actually made every single one of those ads, by the way. Those are just a few ads that we've made um for some of our clients. But I want you to really understand that and understand the psychology of how to actually make a good ad, right? These are not just products with, you know, the ingredients that the product has. Nobody cares. News flash. These are not just, you know, product pictures with, you know, how heavy the t-shirt weighs or what GSM it is. News flash, nobody cares, right? These are things that people actually like to see. It's funny. It's hitting them. It's maybe the curiosity of that um pregnancy one is, you know, invoking some emotion of, oh, maybe there's something that can help me, right? I really want you to understand that cuz I feel like there's a lot of videos on YouTube. There's a lot of people who are talking about stuff that it does matter. And I I do this too, right? I talk about, you know, the structure that you need to be testing with, how much volume you need to be doing, how much diversity you need to be doing, but I don't really see a whole lot of videos on YouTube of people just actually talking about how to make good ads. So now that you understand those ads is where we get into the action items, right? And first things first, before you make any ad, any ad, you should be doing tons of deep research. Okay? I actually just gave a speech in Miami a few weeks ago, and the number one question that I got at the end of my speech was, "How do I do my research?" or, "How are you doing research?" Most of the people there hadn't even really done tons of manual research and you should be doing manual research. Stop doing tragedy. Spend three or four days in a row just actually doing research on your niche on your product. Go to Reddit. Read your competitor's reviews. Read Amazon reviews. Read comments on Tik Tok videos. Ad comments. Do competitor analysis. Do manual research. I see so many people who they're seeing these people on Twitter being like, "Oh, AI is taking over. You can do deep research in five minutes with chatbt." It's like, "Yeah, you can. You can do that." And I can do that. I have really good prompts, but I'm still in the trenches. I'm still reading Reddit comments. I'm still doing that because that's where you can actually understand your customer. Those ads that we saw that we reviewed a second ago, [snorts] those are not ads that you can just make from copy and pasting into Reddit and getting headlines from ChadBt. Chad GBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a forsome. I promise you, ChadBt is not going to write that. Okay, that's where you have to be funny. ChadBt is not going to write you something about spitters and quitters. Okay? You have to actually do research. You have to actually think, be funny, try to write some decent copy. And the way that you do that is not by some chatbt deep research prompt. It's by actually doing the research yourself. So this is the first action item. You need to be doing all of these things and just taking notes. Make a deep research document, right? Not that you're going to paste into Chad GBT, but that you're just going to write stuff. Copy and paste things from Reddit. Copy and paste reviews that you see on your competitor's websites, on their Amazon, um, anywhere. Copy, add comments, take screenshots, copy and paste and build a true research document so that you can understand what people are saying, right? The next is going to be the framework. So after you do the research, then you need to actually write briefs. Okay? And the way that we write briefs, I'm just going to give it away to you right here. Okay? So the first thing is you need the concept. Then you need the creative type, right? Is it a curiosity based static ad? Us versus them? Um, you know, USP call out, social proof and review based ad, whatever it is. Always write down your creative type because you don't want to make a hundred of the exact same ad. You do need creative diversity, right? Then you want to call out the angle. What are you actually doing? Who are you actually selling to? Headline, CTA, and visual direction. So, that's how you're going to actually make the ads. And then you're either going to ship this off to somebody else to make it or you can go back and review the brief that you made and actually make it for yourself in Canva. Okay. So, I'll erase all this so you can actually take a screenshot or something of the actual framework of how you should be laying out your planning for static ads. Now, just to recap what actually makes a good ad, it speaks directly to the ICP. It creates a curiosity gap, triggers an emotional response response, and provides a clear path to a solution. And this is what makes the viewer feel like this is made for me. Like what I talked about in the beginning of the video, those ads that just hit you. They're just good ads, right? I know it's funny. I actually bought my girl some scams for Christmas. There was an ad. They just had an offer so good I just could not refuse. That's the kind of guy I am. I'm cheap, right? [laughter] I like I like good offers, especially. It's not even that I'm cheap that I don't want to spend the money, but I since I'm in ecom, if I ever see an ad with a really good offer, that's what makes me buy. So, we want to make the viewer feel like this is made for them. And the way that we do that is by not making generic ads that look like everybody else's. It's by doing good research, speaking to the ICP, and testing systematically. So, yeah. how to make good ads research framework that I gave you and test properly. So, I hope you learned something from this. If you made it to the end, don't forget to subscribe. And if you made it to the end, comment something like make better ads or better ads or something like that so I can see who the real ones are who made it to the end of the video. And if you are a direct consumer brand spending $50,000 a month or more on Meta and you don't want to take the time to build this out for yourself, you want a partner to come in and do it for you, good news. News flash, you're in the right place. I'm your guy. Just click the link below on our website. We have a bunch of case studies, testimonials, some work that we've done, and a full video walkthrough explaining exactly what we do. All right, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @saeed_bdk [9 likes]: ❓What makes a good ad?
⚠4 core elements: Attention, Curiosity Emotion, Connection 
🎯Speaks to ICP's pain points
🎯Creates curiosity gap
🎯Triggers emotional response
🎯Provides clear solution
🎯Makes them feel, "it's for me"

❓How to make good ads?
Research > Framework > Test
10:45 ⭕Deep Research: Reddit, Reviews, Ad comments, Competitor research
12:30 ⭕Framework: Creative type, Angle, Headline, CTA, Visual direction


13:30 📽 Recap
  2. @krysttonjhonatan [2 likes]: That was a lesson, this beatiful video! tks brother, very nice!
  3. @TirenioluwaSamuel-b7h [2 likes]: Make better ads

This is really helpful!!
  4. @WillStevens-x5b [2 likes]: So much game in this video. Thanks 🙏
  5. @DonPhilipp [2 likes]: Better ads 🤝
  6. @SatvikCS [1 likes]: You are truly genius
  7. @AniekanUmanah-z5v [1 likes]: Better Ads
  8. @suwarno098 [1 likes]: thank you Mr.
  9. @hereyougo1782: good content, BTW clean the glass behinr you.
  10. @OdaaAncestral: Brazil Heree Bro !! Thanks
  11. @MagmuuStore: Make better ads
  12. @Createdbybalake: For UGC is it A: better to QB sneak the sale till the end or Strong hook open Curiosity loop, then sell the dream outcome of product
  13. @prod.heymiah: make better ads
  14. @JennyHansenLane: I want to make funny ads. ha
  15. @mrchrisames: make better ads
  16. @AustinBrooks-f3c: Make better ads
  17. @ShaeHatch: Fun fact, I put this transcript in Chat GPT 👀
  18. @kiragoldberg4348: Make better ads!
  19. @blizzydanny4507: Make real ads !!
  20. @Jolexo_69: Make better Ads bro

- Create eye-catching ads using Canva's Facebook ads maker: Kind: captions Language: en are you a business owner or want to be one I can imagine you probably don't start a business because you want to invoice clients pay bills or taxes oh but it's every business owner quickly realizes you need to wear a lot of different hats especially in the startup fees another important hat is marketing and Facebook ads are one of the best ways to increase exposure for your business and generate more sales before if you have zero clue where to start well don't worry you are in good hands here let's create a stunning Facebook ad in canva [Music] hi I'm Morgan a social media manager here at canva in this video I'll walk you through how to create a Facebook ad collaborating with colleagues in real time sharing and Publishing your ads directly to Facebook it doesn't matter if you're total newbie by the end of our time together you'll know how to confidently create Facebook ads that convert but first quick question have you subscribed to Canvas Channel yet it's bursting with educational inspiring videos and tutorials to help you make the most of canvas ever expanding features and take your design skills to the next level hit the Subscribe button now and let's get back to Facebook ads with one of the largest pools of active users relatively cheap advertising options and the ability to create targeted and optimized ads Facebook is an advertising medium most businesses can't ignore a Facebook ad appears in feet on desktop or mobile as a user Scrolls the platform it can be targeted to a specific group of users who you think can benefit from or would be looking for the products or Services you sell types of Facebook ads include image ads car sounds slideshows videos stories instant experience ads collection Arts lead ads and even ads in messenger quite a few isn't it of course you don't need to use them all to use the Facebook ads manager you'll need a Facebook business page to create a new campaign ad set or ad through the Facebook ads manager tab over to the type ad you want to create click the green create button to get started before I show you how to make some compelling Facebook ads let's talk about what makes a great one the best Facebook ads have a clear call to action visuals that match the tone of the copy and are relevant to the audience and a good value proposition to draw people in they should be on brand and can be interactive or static depending on the product you're promoting in other words before you make a Facebook ad you need to know the objective for the ad who your target market is and what your unique selling points are okay good let's meet one in canva open canva type Facebook ad into the search bar and hit enter here you'll find thousands of ready-made templates to choose from you'll see you can also specify the type of Facebook ad and choose from Carousel ad templates collection ads slasher ads and more let's start with a simple image Facebook ad that explains what your business is and what you're selling let's pretend I have a juice company selling freshly pressed juice I'm going to start with a blank template start on the home page click here choose the type you want you'll notice it shows the dimensions when you hover over each a beautiful 1080 by 1080 canvas ready to go head to the upload section to upload your business logo and any images you have ready canva also hosts an amazing media library with over a million professional stock photos and illustrations to use on your design I'll start with my favorite flavor strawberry foreign I'll match the same rate as the carton add some text here to all important call to action calls to action like sign up follow download install the app click on the app and shop now and so on they tell your audience what you'd like them to do next without a good CTA people will see your ad but they won't have a clue what they're meant to do and that's a waste of your precious marketing dollars hmm it's looking a bit blonde and the element top just start strawberry and select graphic only filter for static only and you'll get a whole range of strawberries the one I use for the carton is quite a way bit done ah here we are oh we don't want black I'll contrast the background with a light pink duplicate that a few times drop them in the back by selecting them all and using the position tool I'm liking that we just made a Facebook ad in a few minutes there people if you don't want to choose just one image a carousel Facebook ad might be the best option to Showcase several images let me show you how simply add a few more pages I'll do four now we can spread what we are seeing over the pages like I don't need the logo and CTE on every page they can just go at the end let me speed through this so you can see what I mean turn the music up let's get designing let's go you know I could even have some of the shapes bleeding onto the next page building a connection and add a little sticker up here a bit of curved text in there okay that's looking good what questions do you have about what we've covered pop them in the comments below and our team will get back to you ASAP this is looking good but it's feeling a bit static did you know that more than 98 of Facebook users access the platform via their mobile device and 93 of Facebook's ad revenue is reportedly for mobile ads that's why it's more important than ever to optimize everything you share in social media for mobile including ads so how do we create award-winning odds for mobile devices well my first tip would be to add some movement it's really easy to add animation to what we've created select the thing you want to animate hit the animate button and select pop I don't want to overdo it but I think these shapes could have tectonic added to them so they gently Glide across the screen let's have a look at the finished preview nice it's super easy to add in video file as well I'll add in one more Page search in the elements for a video that will work this one is perfect and add some white space at the bottom that can hold text maybe an automated graphic to go with the video add in the text before if you want to work on your Facebook ad with others or just get some valuable feedback give them editing access to your design so you can collaborate it is simple as clicking the share button adding their email in and then canva will send them a generated link collaborators can access your design anytime from any computer iPhone or iPad device if you want them not to adjust to anything then maybe give them commenting rights once you've put the finishing touches on your ad you can download it and save it as a PNG or jpeg if you've animated or video content you'll need to download it as an mp4 upload it to your Facebook page in a few quick clicks or if you've connected your Facebook business page to canva you can publish it directly to Facebook without leaving canva how awesome is that I hope that you now feel are less nervous about making your Facebook ad debut no I haven't mentioned a whole bunch of other AD Types on Facebook if you're a pro or canva per team subscriber it really couldn't be simpler head up here and hit the resize button type in Facebook story or whatever else you're looking for hit copy and resize move things around a little and you have a new ad ready to go so whether you run your own business or work in the social media industry you can now experiment with a variety of Facebook ads and leverage the platform's two plus billion users any questions about Facebook ads or anything we explored in this video go ahead drop it in the comments below don't be shy we are here to help think outside the box and have fun I can't wait to see what you create thank you it's going down hey hey you it's me again one more question before I go did you find this video helpful if so check out the full playlist we've got heaps of how-to videos that will walk you through all the features in canva it won't be long before you're passing this wisdom on to your friends and farm subscribe to our Channel and you'll be the first to know when we've publish a new video which happens every week I'll catch you on another video soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @caspkvolle [1 likes]: How would you make a addvertising campaign for leather shoes in canvas?
  2. @FrankTank7777: Hi there, great tutorial. Just one thing that you probably cover in your other videos, but you mention CTAs (Call to Actions) a lot, but you did not really show how it works. Does the png or mp4 become clickable, or what is the strategy here? Do you add extra text to the posts with links to another website etc?
  3. @paullarkin2486: Very good. Bit quick, but shows the power of Canva.
  4. @JamesCassata-c3b: Too wordy at beginning
  5. @moses_githinji: I have really enjoyed watching this video
  6. @GraceMccarthy-i4p: take out the background music...I cannot concentrate
  7. @CharlesJohnson-l5x: Best I've seen as a beginner.  Can you explain how to add a CTA button with business email link for our customers.  This will be used on the Facebook platform.  Thank you
  8. @PaulBwalya-j9p: Is it necessary to use a laptop to make designs or a phone can also work to do the trick??...
  9. @BonnieLeighMusic: Very informative indeed!
  10. @JarlBulgruf: Whoever chose the background music doesn't understand advertising
  11. @anthonypeter5370: Thank You
  12. @gallegos-t4n: This tutorial was a game changer for my small business, and the clear steps helped me create ads that actually grab attention! I'm looking forward to seeing a video on analyzing ad performance data to optimize for even better results.
  13. @charlitaheyward: This is exactly what I needed to get started with Canva ads – thanks for breaking it down so simply! I especially appreciate the tips on keeping the design clean and focused. Hope to see more tutorials on advanced targeting or ad copy strategies in the future!
  14. @negasiredmon: Fantastic tutorial! I especially appreciate the clear explanations, and I'm eager to see how these techniques impact my ad performance. It would be great if you could cover specific industry examples in a future video!
  15. @AmandineTrosen: This was a really clear and helpful tutorial! I'm excited to try these tips out in Canva and see how they boost my ad engagement. Thanks for making Facebook advertising feel less daunting.
  16. @JanetPettit-e9l: Thank you.
  17. @waynemccrary: Can you go faster....
  18. @delfalinville: Thank you so much for this video. Very interesting.
  19. @Malaktv3: thank you, but the music was annoying
  20. @fabio693: strange to tell us to put a CTA because its useless. Facebook is gonna add the CTA automatically upon the ad. So there will be 2 now !

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [15 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone teaches you how to push buttons in Ad Manager, but nobody teaches you how to think like a creative strategist, and that is exactly what I'm going to do in today's video. I'm Fraser, one of the co-founders at Fraggle. We work with DTOC brands that you see on your feeds every single day, and we have over 450 million in track ad spend. Today, I'm going to share with you the framework that we have used to help scale hundreds of DTOC brands. So, if you want to master how to think creatively, this is the perfect guide for you. Before we get into hook script production, let's get one thing straight. Meta ads are still just ads. And ads work because of human psychology. The principles haven't changed and since the print era. We're talking like madmen ads. Attention. You need to stop the scroll. Curiosity. You want to make someone want to find out more. Emotion. You need to make someone feel something. Make them laugh. Make them cry. Whatever. Just make them feel something. And the meta ads that actually work are the ones that tick all those boxes and they make a genuine connection with the potential customer. If you get that, then you're already one step ahead of 99% of the advertisers on Meta. So, next up, creative research. How do we actually get the ideas? I have written so many scripts. I have thought of so many concepts at this point that I feel like I could probably do most of this in my sleep. And I can tell you right now that the ideas do not come from staring at a blank Google doc. I've done that many times and it just simply doesn't work no matter how much you will it to happen. Instead, they come from research, deep and intentional research. We need to know as much as we possibly can do about the brands and the products that we're making ads for. I'm hoping if you are a brand owner, then you already know quite a lot about your brand, but do you know a lot about your customer? Because that is the secret unlock. So the key here is to learn more about your customer and the best place to do that is to go to the places where your customer hangs out. Essentially, you need to be fishing in the right ponds. A couple of best places to do this research. Number one being Reddit. There's a reason why 90% of searches on Google end with Reddit at the end of them is because it's a great place to find out the real opinion of others. Customers go there to complain. Customers go there to shout your praise. And if you have a look on there, then you will see a lot of information that you are not normally privy to. There's been times where we've literally print screened a Reddit thread and used that inner static because it was just absolute gold. In fact, I actually recently made a video on how you can use Reddit and AI to do exactly that. There's a link to it somewhere up here. Reddit is just an absolutely fantastic place to do a ton of research. Another one is your reviews. If someone has gone to the effort to leave a review on your website, they either love your product or they absolutely hate it. And so, it's a really great place to find out why people like your product and why people hate your product. Read your Amazon reviews if you're on there. Read your own reviews that people are submitting via your website. Go on Trust Pilot. All these places where people are leaving reviews about your brand and your products are great places to find out more about your customer. And when you're doing this, you want to look at patterns, potentially patterns you haven't even thought about. For example, are people saying they use your product when they're pregnant and you've never made an ad about your product being used for pregnant women? Well, there you go. That's an ad angle. You just come up with one just from reading your reviews. You'd be shocked how many times this happens. I download a client's reviews. I input them into chat GBT and I come up with like five or six use cases that they never even knew the product was being used for. The next one is your ad comments. If you are a brand that's spending a lot of money, the chances are your ads are getting a lot of engagement and so use that engagement because you've paid for it. So why don't you have a look at it and see if there's any hidden gems in there. Are people talking about your products in a positive light? Are they once again giving use cases? Your ads are essentially focus groups. It's people tagging friends in there. It's people talking about when and how they've used your product. And so you need to read these religiously. One of my favorite pastimes is whenever an ad comes up on my feed that we've made. I love going into the comments and I love reading them both to see what people think of the ad. It's a great way to get like honest feedback. Do people actually like this ad? But also just to learn more about how your customer speaks. What language are they using? Another great place is your competitor's ads. Obviously, ad library is somewhere that most marketers live at this point. You can search out any brand or phrase and you can see the ads that they're running. But also, you can use tools like foreplay where people are actively saving ads. You can click on them. you can discover more ads that people are saving live. It's a great place for inspiration in general, not just from your competitors. One thing to note here though is if you are only just copying your competitors, your ads are going to look like your competitors. And surprise surprise, if someone is into fitness, they're being targeted by you and all your competitors. So if your ads look like your competitors, then you are not going to stand out from the crowd and you are going to lose sales. So instead, if you're using these aggregate sites like Foreplay, look in different niches. Look at different types of ads that you could potentially bring to your product. And also finally, we've got AI. This kind of goes without saying, but this is probably one of the best ways to quickly research your brand. You can use Claude, you can use Chat GBT, you can use Gemini, whatever it is, they all kind of do the same thing. Some people say Gemini is great, other people say that chat GBT is great. Personally, I love Chat GBT. I think it's just really easy to use. I can use a deep research tool in there. It pretty much does exactly what I want it to, but I have started to dabble with other things like Gemini because, well, it's Google, in it. When you're conducting this research, it's really important that you like make a folder on Google Drive where you save all this research. Not only can it help further down the line when you're integrating AI into your workflow. You can input these research documents to give the AI context, but also it's just a great place just to revert back to to see how your customer compares now to how they did 3 years ago. Okay, so now we've done the research. That arguably is the longest part that most people don't want to do, but if you spend time on it, it will be the thing that gives you the creative edge. And of course, the more you do it, the better you will get at it and the faster you will be. But let's move on to the next thing. Let's talk about ideas and angle generation. There's a couple of ways that you can do this. You can literally just wing it if you want or you can use some kind of like idea matrix or something like that. At Fraggle, we often use like the angle, which is the idea, the concept. We think of a hook to go along with that, and then a format. So, the first thing we need to do is identify those angles, concepts, whatever you want to call them, it's all the same thing. But essentially, this is the core positioning, the core messaging of your ad. So, for example, if we're talking about protein bars, better tasting than the competitors could be one. Cleaner ingredients, that could be another one. And if we think of a use case, potentially it's more convenient for busy parents on the go. They are all messaging. They're key angles that we can target and most importantly we can test. So once I've got my messaging, I normally like to think of some kind of idea and then from that idea I like to think of a hook. And remember a hook is just the first like 3 seconds of your ad and its pure purpose is to capture attention. So let's say that we're going with the taste better than the competitors. Hook number one could be a taste test. Hook number two could be, "I've tried 10 of the top protein bars and this one's my favorite." And hook number three could be someone coughing up sand with the caption, "Most protein bars taste like the desert." We're thinking of fun, entertaining, educational ways in order to show people your idea, your messaging, to interest people, and potentially to open the loop. I always use this example, but think about Mr. Beast. He normally starts every single video by saying, "I locked 200 people in an ice cave and here's what happened." That is a hook and you're opening the loop because people have to watch the video to find out what happened. It's the same reason why on TV shows they say, "Tune in next week to find out if blah blah blah blah blah." We're opening the loop because people naturally want to close them. Next up is the format. Now, we don't always pick the format last. You can do these in any order. You could come up with a great hook and go, "That will make a great UGC video." Or you can come up with a messaging first. Or you might look at your ad account and go, "We need more founder ads. Now you've got your format first. Let's work that way instead." So just because I've listed it in this order does not mean that you necessarily have to do it. You just need these three things. So if we're talking about format, obviously there's a number of different formats for ads. We've got UGC ads, static ads, founder ads, podcast ads, the list goes on. And the idea here is that you can test a format with a messaging and then you can see how that performs. Is it a messaging that perhaps we could pursue a bit further? Maybe we could try that same messaging as a static. We're testing things to see what works because you might find a winning message that only works in a static format. You could find a format that only works with a specific messaging and the only way we're going to find that out is through testing. So, for example, the Black Stuff, a brand that we work with. We made a couple of ads for their new product, which was a new shower cloth. And the messaging was, "This shower cloth is better and cleaner than the current one that you have, which is probably a dirty washcloth." And so, we tried this in a couple of different formats. The first one being a podcast. >> So, one question we got asked is, "What is the biggest mistake guys make when showering?" >> Oh, man. It's definitely the washcloths they're using. So most guys don't realize after just a few uses those regular washcloths have got more bacteria on them than a toilet seat. >> And then we also wanted to try it in a UGC format which is this >> breaking news just in the average man's washcloth contains more bacteria than a dog's mouth. This thing is basically licking you clean every shower. >> You can see the ads are different. The format is obviously clearly different but the messaging is very very similar. The cloth that you are using now is inferior to what we have at the black stuff. And so now what we can do is test both of those and see what format works. What does the customer connect with the most that is essentially creative testing. That is creative strategy at the soul of it. Thinking up new ideas, different messaging, different format, testing them, see what works, see what performs best, and then scaling. Now we've got the angles, we've got the hooks. Now let's talk more about the formats, when to use them, and why we should use them. Because believe it or not, most formats actually belong in a certain funnel stage. Listen, we spoke about the funnel many a times before. Top, middle, and bottom of the funnel. All depends on how aware the customer is. So with that in mind, we also need to make sure that we tailor the format of the ad to how aware the customer is. So top of the funnel, this is where people have no idea who you are. They have never seen you. They've never heard of you before. Normally, these people are often also problem unaware. they have no idea what the problem is that you're also trying to solve. So, we need to educate them on a couple of things. Yourself and the problem that you fix. So, how do we do that? We want content that is very easy to consume and normally educational. UGC ads are a great example of this. They normally introduce you and the product in a natural and organic way. For example, this is one that we made for Aloha. >> Here is all the Aloha bars we got. Oh my god. I've tried Quest RX Bar kind, but it was Aloha Bars I kept reaching for in the end. >> A more recent trend that's come about is street interviews. These fit very well into the organic feed because it feels like something that you would see on your Tik Tok feed and therefore very good for introducing people to the brand and the product. This is one that we did for the black stuff. >> I want you to take a smell of this soap and tell me what you think it's made of. >> And another great example is founder ads. This is one of my favorites. This man discovered the secret to the perfect deodorant smell. If a man uses deodorant like this, then I'm sorry to say that that is no man. People really connect with story. Storytelling is becoming more and more important inside your meta ads. And founder ads in general fit that formula absolutely perfectly because you're telling the story of someone who had a problem and developed a product for that problem. We want to build trust. We want to build authority. We want to educate people. All this happens at the top of the funnel. Next, of course, is the middle of the funnel. People are a little more aware of you. They're probably problemaware. They might not be product aware yet, but we're going to get them there. And this is where things like mini VSSLs are absolutely perfect. Very, very heavy educational. We want to educate. We want to build some kind of desire. Also, another great example here which is really fast and easy to make and test are mashup ads. I've spoken about these numerous times. I think these are pretty incredible and every brand should be making them. Get an archive of all of your footage, of all of your UGC footage, raw stuff, no captions. Mash it all together with an AI voice over. Hey, presto. You can test these really quickly. Multiple different messagings and hooks. They're fantastic. Another great format for this is the podcast ad. These are a little bit hit and miss. They don't always work for every brand that we test them with. However, this example from the Cure app was one of their top performers in the ad account and was a real pleasure to make as well. >> What time do your cravings hit hardest? 9:00 [music] every single night. >> Tonight, I want you to try something that seems too simple to work, but changes [music] everything. >> What is it? >> 15 minutes with this and wake up with less cravings [music] tomorrow. Really educational, but most importantly, they position you and your product as the best and only solution. Now, bottom of the funnel, these people are pretty much ready to purchase. And so, usually what I suggest here is static ads. They're the easiest to pump out and normally give you the best results. Just a simple static ad can do absolute wonders for your ad account. Of course, we can have offerbased ads. These are where we drive a little bit of urgency here. We say, you know, you can get limited time 30% off because Meta is going to deliver these to people who are ready to purchase. They just need that extra push. And an offer can be just that. A video format we can use here is like testimonial compilations. You can get these by simply reaching out to your customers. Give them something for free and they record you a video. It's like UGC but real UGC. We do quite a lot of these for the black stuff and honestly the results are pretty astounding sometimes. You'll be shocked how many customers you have that absolutely love your product. The format should always match the intent, not just the trend. I mentioned street interviews and I mentioned podcasts. These are trendy formats. To be honest, I don't know whether they'll stick around. They haven't really been around for that long. And so you need to make sure that when you're doing this, you don't put all your eggs in one basket. Make sure you try multiple different formats with the same messaging. In fact, I've recently made a video with my top 10 ad formats that are converting like crazy right now. If you want to watch that, there is a link up there as well. You might want to check out that before deciding exactly what you're going to invest your money into. A great example here is Leaf Shave, right? We used UGC videos at the top of the funnel to introduce people to the products and show a use case and show real people using it, but then we use VSSLs to further educate people on why they exist and why you should choose Leaf over anybody else. Different formats for different parts of the funnel. Now, finally, let's talk about actually producing these ads. Honestly, there's no real secret formula to this. At Fraggle, we really do make it all. We have a huge studio here. 2 and a half thousand square foot of content creation madness which allows us to make you know studio level high production ads but then we can also make really ugly scrappy UGC or quickly mash together mashup videos or even polished founder ads we can really do it all here because sometimes it is needed finding an agency that can do all these things is sometimes required but for some other people perhaps you're a small-time founder then you might want to look at doing you know formats that you can actually produce. Well, every single brand, no matter the level, they all run meta ads. Mercedes-Benz, they run ads. The $20 t-shirt brand, they also run meta ads. Different production levels, same ad, same attention game. But regardless of the production level, regardless of whereabouts you are, it's a couple of core principles. Number one, speed beats perfection. At the end of the day, it's going to be the ad that you spend the less time on that's going to be the best performing. So, if you have an idea, go and make it. It doesn't matter on the format. Sometimes you just need to get it out and test it. Don't spend four weeks perfecting one ad because the chances are it might not perform. Clarity over aesthetics. Listen, you can make an ad look absolutely beautiful, but if you're not getting the point across to the viewer of the video, it's completely pointless. I watched an ad recently and it looked brilliant. I had no idea what was going on and so I turned it off because clarity it always wins. And finally, your editing should serve the emotion of the ad. Your editing should simply amplify what you want your customer to feel, not distract from it. I see so many videos where it's just full of cheap transitions that they've downloaded from a template website and there's no actual substance. They've just tried to polish a turd. You can put as much glitter as you want on it. It's still a turd. The beauty of meta ads is that the more researched, the more well-rounded your ad is, the better it's going to perform. And you're going to get firsthand data as well. You're going to actively see retention graphs. You're going to see numbers on how well your ad is performing that you can then use to make better ads. And there we go. You now know the exact formula that we use here at Fraggle to make top performing ad creatives. And this is the exact framework we use. By the way, we scaled seven, eight, and nine figure DTOC brands with exactly what I've just taught you. So, if you happen to be a brand that's spending over 70,000 on Ad Creative, I would absolutely love to have a conversation with you. So, just scan the QR code on the screen or click the link down below and you can book a call with me and me and you can have a little face to face. And if you do want to see more videos like this and you want to learn more about creative strategy and ad creative in general, then please do subscribe. It's been a real joy to see the channel thrive over the past couple of months. Leave a comment if you have any questions and also of course like the video and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hometidiness8944 [5 likes]: Ooooh thaaaat's exactly the type of content i was looking for, thank you so much Fraser ( Discovery of the year )
  2. @educationchannel-gr2ch [2 likes]: This is really useful. Thanks for sharing with everyone.
  3. @intermarketingagency1 [1 likes]: How do you do these visuals!!!!!!!
  4. @onisim_32 [1 likes]: Man, honestly, thank you! Best content for creative strategy!
  5. @olifitzer [1 likes]: super helpful thanks brother
  6. @adriavillaret4599: You've got amazing advice brother
  7. @dangfutalan: Thanks for the ad formats!! This was what I was searching for!!
  8. @sabrinagiannoni: do you have a course or teaching space?
  9. @WHOSNEXT_STORIES: Is this trick working for photography business?pls rply
  10. @dontknow258: Why he is so good and great advices with. Loving his video day by day
  11. @xray5043: If I wash myself with soap im clean. If I do my laundry with soap it's clean. If I wash my wash cloth with soap after use and let it air dry it's dirty 🤔
  12. @Anan-ow4id: I actually bought a Leaf shaver from an ad i saw. I had no idea you guys were behind it. Excellent work it was straight to the point and made me believe it was the perfect product for me (it still is) which shows how effective your ads actually are
  13. @cristian.daczo1: Sick video , can you make a video about making Iterations of your best ads, like lets say you make a batch of ads and 1 ad performs well and the other 2 flop, what do you do next, I hear people say double down on what is working but how do you actually do that, what does that look like, please make a video about this🙏🙏
  14. @ghulam.hafeez786: Thank you sir your great teacher
  15. @pedroz3891: Great content. 
This could be a 3 hour lesson that I would love to watch haha
I understand that the video needs to be fast for youtube retention, so I'm pausing and taking notes.
It's not easy to find quality videos about ads indeed
  16. @In.experto.simracing: Man , I love you! You open my mind. I’m new here and I’m starting my business 🙌🏻
  17. @loganselk9183: What does it cost to work with you guys?
  18. @geoffatavoncliffe221: Ok Frazer but how do I find out about my customer?  I publish book on the worlds biggest marketplace, Amazon, and that the one bit of information Amazon KDP wont release to us.  In fact I think it against there T&Cs to connect the buyer directly.
  19. @silviagherasim509: Wow that is great content and info 🎉
  20. @safiullah00: Really loved your video.

My question is I have a client who has an ai product which tells the calories and macros of the food. 
I want to create ada for him. Which format should I go with 1st? Ugc, or something else

- The ONLY Marketing Video A Graphic Designer Needs To See!: Kind: captions Language: en people often ask me what skills they need to become a great graphic designer and one of the main things I always tell them is to have at least a basic understanding of marketing and there are very good reasons for this which are soon going to find out about in today's video the very first and most fundamental thing a graphic designer can do is to shift their thinking and their mindset now often a beginner or a rookie designer will be swept up in the Aesthetics of graphic design it's that urge to make something that just simply looks good these two designs are fine as just graphic designs however the design on the left is only really good from a technical point of view and by that I mean that it uses crisp imagery good color schemes the layout is okay and the typography and hierarchy are good too but the design on the right takes things to the next level with a concept that drives the message of the design even harder it is more functional than the design on the left and that's because it goes beyond just Aesthetics on the design the delivery service is seen to be fast and that's that's because of smart and obvious marketing thinking in the design on the right sure this isn't actually that bad when you think about it but as advanced and more professional graphic designers we want to adopt a completely new mindset we shift our minds from Aesthetics to more functionality and marketing impacts but you might be asking yourself what does it actually look like in real life on a graphic design well let's take a website design for a coffee shop as an example before we shift our mindset the the initial design might focus on visually pleasing elements using trendy colors stylish fonts and high quality images to create a modern and Visually appealing online presence now this can work but after the designer has shifted their mindset they might conduct research and identify that the local coffee Shop's target audience includes both local residents and tourists seeking a cozy and inviting atmosphere somewhere they can enjoy their quality coffee the website redesign then aligns with the coffee Shop's branding using warm and inviting colors to evoke a sense of comfort and Community but actually this is only merely scratching the surface which you will soon see there are three main basic rules that you can educate yourself on when it comes to applying marketing Theory to your graphic designs understand your target audience thoroughly before starting any design project knowing your audience helps you tailor your graphic designs to their preferences their behaviors and their need needs it ensures that your design resonates with the people you're trying to reach making your work more effective and more engaging and later we are going to go into more detail on this because it might be the most important thing when it comes to Marketing in graphic design always always align your designs with the overall branding and messaging strategy of the client's business organization that you're working for consistency across visual elements including color schemes typography and imagery helps to reinforce brand identity now aligning with the messaging strategy ensures that your designs communicate the intended messages and contribute to cohesively overall marketing objectives the third rule is to emphasize Clarity and readability in your designs designs that are easy to read and easy to understand have a better chance of getting your message across now whether you're working on something for print or something for digital media making it clear helps your audience quickly understand why you're trying to say and what you're trying to say this is super important in marketing and graphic design and it's where you want people to get the message or take action at an instant I mean just look at this marketing poster for a glasses brand it couldn't be more clear and more obvious what the Design's message is and that's without any typography or additional elements that could be confusing this is clever marketing within a graphic design the next thing we're going to talk about is quite Advanced when it comes to marketing and graphic design and and not everybody will be able to do it or shall I say not everyone has the access or the resources to do it we're talking about kpis or key performance indicators businesses and brands use kpis to measure how well the business is actually doing one example would be CTR or click through rates of a website or an online advert as a designer if you can get access to the kpis of your client say for example that click through rate expectations and current metrics you can then tailor your designs to improve that metric and make things more functional other common kpis are time spent on a website brand recool which is how memorable a brand is social media Impressions and so on now earli in the video I said that the most important thing you can learn in marketing is to know your audience this is true but I'm about to give you a really important Golden Nugget bit of information about this we want to understand why a consumer conser or audience wants a service or a product in their life but we want to find out the deeper why now initially the Assumption might be that the consumer buys a chef's knife for practical cooking needs however if we dive into the deeper motivation behind buying the knife we might see a deep motivation for sophistication and cooking expertise Beyond functionality and this is very very important armed with this Insight the graphic designer M Taylor marketing m materials to appeal to the consumer's aspiration for cooking Mastery visuals highlight precision craftsmanships and the elevated experience of using highquality tools featuring stylish kitchens and confident chefs emphasizing features contributing to Mastery like maybe a comfortable grip or Ultra finished an ultra sharp Blade enriches The Narrative the designed materials go beyond showcasing features instead they also tell a story that resonates emotionally to for the Audience by associating the chef's knife with accomplishment and cooking Mastery the marketing materials connect with the audience influencing purchasing decisions based on the deeper why this application of marketing Theory and graphic design enhances the campaign's effectiveness and strengthens the brand to Consumer relationship now here's another prime example to sync your graphic design te into so someone's eyeing up a Sleek minimalistic laptop it's not just about needing a machine for work because almost any laptop these days would do what most people need it to do it goes far deeper than that the buyer might crave a sleek and organized lifestyle kind of like a digital zen master if you will they want to be seen as someone who's got everything together in both work and life and they also want to appear cut in Edge and modern as a graphic designer you tailor the visuals to capture the aspirational vibe of this person so picture sleep workspaces streamlined workflows and someone confidently breezing through their tasks you might emphasize the laptop's design features that contribute to that organized put together kind of Lifestyle your marketing design for the laptop will go beyond showcasing just a Specs you're spinning a narrative that resonates emotionally of course and by linking the laptop with an image of the digital sophistication and a well organized life your materials will strike a cord with this person people connect with a brand on a far deeper level making purchase decisions based on that profound why it is designed with a purpose upping the campaign's impact and tightening the bond between the brand and its Savvy consumers this is the power of marketing when it comes to your designs and you can include into your projects and your briefs in a small amount or a big amount depending on the situation but the key takeaway from today's video is that you should understand the power of marketing and you should be looking to incorporate it into into your workflows in some way shape or form and this is especially true or relevant when we're talking about corporate graphic design and speaking of graphic designs I've recently launched my new service critico where we actually have a team of professionals and we look at your graphic designs and we give professional deep in-depth feedback there are three tiers of 1,000 2,000 5,000 words and your feedback will be given in a high quality PDF and the PDF isn't just word related it will have diagrams and IM different things on there as well so if you really want to get a professional viewpoint on graphic designs do consider checking out the link in description box below and in the pin comment of today's video but if you want to learn about the psychology graphic design and what really makes people tick just click that video on screen but until next time guys design your future today [Music] peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @SatoriGraphics [8 likes]: Get professional feedback on YOUR work, within 72 hours: https://kritiquo.com/ :trophy-yellow-smiling:
  2. @EinKlienerDonner [5 likes]: I find lot of "graphic design" channels on youtube is still stuck on good design phase, lot of them will do an amazing design but have 0 relevancy for their audience. Come to think about it, when I went to design school to learn graphic design (10+ years ago) They didn't teach any marketing, or bearly. I got all my marketing knowledge from international trade course I did, they thought us not only marketing but how to relate to people with different cultures and backgrounds. I still think lot of designers that I encounter are most of the time still stuck in eye catching design and honestly if they want to succeed I think they should take a marketing course.
  3. @marvinflores2060 [2 likes]: I love your videos! Thank you for sharing.
  4. @mixedbag3330 [1 likes]: I unsub’d to most YT’s on graphic design you’re my favorite teacher so far I’m eating up all your content. I love the explaining with visuals.
  5. @SusanTorres-u7m [1 likes]: Very interesting
  6. @Danielle-w6i [1 likes]: Thank you very much.
  7. @m1nd1ntr1g0 [1 likes]: thank you, sir!
  8. @7th-A [1 likes]: This is gold.
  9. @1337elite [1 likes]: How do I find the background video you've used? It's oddly satisfying and I love it! 😎
  10. @shadowy-u3o: Marketing is so hard. It's all creativity
  11. @bishnugautam2500: Hello sir big thank you for  well explaination 
 Iam tryings many time for graphic iam doing. Learn self  lersne i dont have  support high level 
  I hear about many people.say canva also. Graphic is  I heard good sir. I want ti know about it  sir
  12. @MuneneAlex-s3r: Hi satori.,.. which software do you use to make your videos?
  13. @lalalisa7501: Graphic designer here for more than 5 years. Just a question. How do you enlighten yourself in creating ads non-stop? and how do you maximize kpi's and apply it to your designs?
  14. @axe7296: يا ود ياعسل ! .. تباً لك ما أورعك 

❣
  15. @JohnRotimi-y6d: fWhich app is used for graphic design
  16. @metternich05: So this was essentially a long pitch to your paid service. Thanks for nothing.
  17. @Victoriamcgruder: No idea how to know the target audience even though I just had it explained to me.
  18. @mrjohncrumpton: Great video. Remember revenue is the first KPI to improve.
  19. @erikpeterson4873: There is a time to do commercially acceptable work and there is a time to concept ad concepts with real budgets or time.
  20. @SothearithNature168: ❤😊

- Facebook Ads Specialist vs Marketing Specialist: The Difference in Hiring One: Kind: captions Language: en hey there what's up you guys my name is Abby Bernice I make videos about videos freelancing and digital marketing and today we're going to be talking about what is the difference between a Facebook ads specialist and a marketing specialist so I have realized this myself just very recently I was running ads as a marketing specialist for my client and I was like it's crazy so it's a really really good way to look into these two things the job descriptions and whatnot so that you would know exactly who to hire and who not to hire depending on your needs and circumstances in your business so but for the do list Dive Right In okay so just a little bit of a disclosure I am the marketing specialist and at the same time the founder of this new company that I founded which is named Calista so in kalista we basically build launch and scale online courses and that is all that we do we are composed of a hefty team and I'm just the one directing people what to do what to do next and whatsoever in the past few days I have realized there is a really huge difference when you hire a Facebook specialist and a marketing specialist so I am a marketing specialist and I started running Facebook ads for one of my clients and it pays a huge difference it's crazy because when you're a marketing specialist you have to make sure that for example the copy of the landing page is on check and also need to make sure that the offer is already very crispy no-brainer kind of thing very irresistible before you even put the offer out there so the more world and that's one of the things that I make sure with my clients at Calista I double check everything you're outlined to the course if it's irresistible if it's something that people would want to buy is there a demand for it and whatsoever so from top to bottom I actually get to see all of these things so apart from the strategy I also get into the copy of the landing pages how the landing pages are built what is the strategy and how do we actually Market this very online course and whatsoever and one of my clients were also working with a Facebook ads specialist and so there were actually the two of us that were into the Facebook ads manager of my client now this is not to belittle everyone who is running Facebook ads for the client and who pay little to no knowledge in terms of marketing but it's a completely different story when you are a marketing specialist who dives into the whole ad stage so when we're talking about Facebook ads it is actually just pushing the right levers Facebook makes it very easy for you to be able to navigate around the ads manager because what do they want you to do get more results so that they can get more money from you so if you get more results from the Facebook ads well then you're going to be spending more money in that very system and then Facebook can get rich off of the money that you are paying them for so that is all that Facebook needs right now when you are a Facebook ads specialist one of the things that you're probably looking at is just the business manager like you're looking into how to install the pixel the technical stuff how do you go about the CBO and whatsoever warm leads and whatsoever and so you just want to make sure that you put all of these things inside Facebook ads manager testing things and doing that kind of stuff hoping that one day it's going to work in my case as a marketing specialist also by the way before we dive into the marketing specialist thing this is not everyone okay I'm pretty sure that there are going to be Facebook ads managers and Facebook ads Specialists that are going to say okay we also look into these types of things too good for you and I applaud you for doing that but there are just some people that are not looking into those things too right all they look into is how to add the pixel how to make sure that the stagia is accurate and whatsoever and my work does not end there so when I went to my clients um business manager or Facebook ads manager I went in there by myself and I thought about it for ever since I started working with that client I said this is going to work okay like there is no way we're going to spend a lot of time testing because I know at the back of my head that it's going to work and why is that so why is my mindset like that it is because I have checked everything from top top to bottom I have checked if their offer is good if there is any work around that we could do in order to improve the offer what are the things that are going to say in the ads like I even wrote plenty of things like these are the handouts or the hooks or the marketing perspectives and angles that you're going to talk about in the app like I wrote them myself and those are the culmination like whatever result we are gathering our client as at the moment while the ads running those are the culminating effect of the factors or everything else that we have done thus far in the past two months that we have been working together and it's not only the Facebook ads okay so when you are looking for marketing specialist that person is going to look into your entire business from top to bottom if you're only looking for someone who's going to run your Facebook ads basically they're already going to think you already have an offer you already have ad creatives I don't care what your ad creatives is going to look like I'm just going to run them all here okay of course they're going to be doing testing they're going to make sure that you get results because if they're not well they're screwed right so of course they're going to do that efforts and again I'm not saying that all Facebook ads Specialists are like this but what I'm trying to say here is know who to hire if you are a business owner who already knows the whole marketing thing like you understand marketing like at the back of your hand you are very much suited for a Facebook ad specialist because your Facebook ad specialist is going to tell you okay I need two video ads I need three ad images you know so on and so forth and I'm going to run them for you we're going to be doing testing this is going to be the ad budget so on and so forth but if you're going to hire a marketing specialist the conversation drives back to the point where you're talking about your offer because that's the Alpha and the Omega like legit so if you're going to be even running Facebook ads the idea is like is your offer even worth it like are people even going to buy what you're going to be offering so these are it consists of plenty more questions than just asking your client I Need video ads I need image ads whatsoever right so those are some things that you might want to consider okay and in that note I'd also like to let you know that you are if an online course creator at any point we specialize that for you again we build scale and launch online courses I make sure that at the top of your funnel everything is going well down to the copy down to the emails and all that kind of stuff we take care of that stuff for you so if there is anything that we can help you with you can email us at Alpha at dannybernies.com and we'll get back to you as soon as possible so again the point of this video is not to belittle the Facebook ads specialist people or give praise to the marketing Specialists because there are also marketing Specialists that sucks okay we can't be assured of that but when you are hiring you can actually save more money by hiring the right person depending on your circumstance and your needs again if you already know what marketing is and you know it like at the back of your hand hire a Facebook ad specialist but if you need someone who can look into your entire systems hire a marketing specialist okay thank you so much for listening to this very video If you're not watching me at any point I don't know yeah there you have it I hope that you have learned something from this video like And subscribe I publish videos every Wednesday at the very best to try my very best to publish videos every Wednesday but yeah again videos freelancing and digital marketing all you can find here the Demi Bernice YouTube channel I'll see you in the next one please [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessiebongolo [1 likes]: Thanksn Demi
  2. @DemiBernice: If you're looking to simply teach and IMMENSELY wish that you could hand off the marketing of your course to someone with a really good track record and experience, I'm here to help 🤗

My company, Maia, is a strategy & growth studio for online course creators like you. We do everything from A-Z: Curriculum check for maximum student retention, offer revamp, front end & back end funnel optimization... you name it!

If you're interested, book a call HERE: demibernice.com/maia
  3. @MichaelCastanares-b5v: Can you run my Facebook ads?
  4. @MichaelCastanares-b5v: Can you run my Facebook ads?
  5. @TravelEscapades-t7g: arte magsalita. nakakawalang gana manuod. pwe!

- Hiring A Facebook Ads Expert in 2022: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right it's raining so we are making content and answering your biggest questions about freelance saying upwork gig economy anything ask me ask adam alright so let's get into the first one here what was your experience hiring facebook ad managers freelancers from upwork so specifically uh people that are creating facebook ads how has my experience been on upwork my experience on upwork has been pretty good with with um with facebook ad managers the thing is you really need to make sure that they don't try to do anything crazy with the way they build because i've seen in the past like when people get too good at this they expect like crazy retainers and it's really risky so you want to be careful with that there are some other people on there that claim to know what they're doing and they definitely don't and you don't find that out about it until they set everything up and you're just like oh my god this is like way wrong so you want to be careful about that too the thing is you want someone probably middle of the road at this like to 60 dollars per hour mark i would say i know that's a little low for really quality people on there but i think what you want to do is focus on finding someone that's going to have enough time to work with you for you know to have a full attention to help you with because you don't want someone busy working on like a million of these projects because you may get lost in the shuffle so just be cognizant of that but the thing is there's so many freelancers on that on the system that um you know you're gonna have good ones you're gonna have bad ones there's so many you're probably talking hundreds of thousands of people that can do ads on upwork so you know using facebook so just be cognizant of that and don't let it feel like oh you found one person and they didn't work out so everybody's bad or you found one person that's good and it didn't work out so everybody's you know everybody's awesome because it's not everybody's unique you have good people you're gonna have really bad people and it's really on you as a hiring person to know who's full of who's done their stuff who will knock us out of the park are there examples that you can ask them for um but you'll get better at better at high at hiring and make sure that at first you're really watching what they do to make sure that they're going in the right direction because you can notice really quickly by the at the questions that they're asking how they're setting up the campaigns are they able to do copy are they able to create the call to actions that go to landing pages or are they strategizing are they so there's there's a lot of different little pieces that go into making ads it's not just putting it on and then hoping it works it's part of the whole funnel process and and depending on what you're selling you're going to really want to make sure that if it fits nicely into your whole funnel process and they understand your funnel and they're not just posting ads post ads and um you know spend your money as quickly as they can because that they're they there are people like that that do that so just be careful and there's a huge range of talent on there and i'm sure if you sift through the people if you're asking the right questions you're going to find some some all-stars so my experience has been sometimes good sometimes bad but you get rid of the bad ones and make room for the good ones so if there is a responsibility on you if your experiences is bad but you're probably going to have a mix of experiences if you're not used to doing this on the regular so i hope that answers that question thanks you

  Top Comments:
  1. @singhpratham5310: CAN I QUALIFY GOOD FB ADS EXPERT BY LOOKING AT THEIR PORTFOLIOS? MY BUDGET IS AROUND $700 PER MONTH FOR HIRING+AD SPEND.... AND HOW MUCH ROAS CAN I EXPECT ON AN AVERAGE WHILE ROAMING AROUND THIS BUDGET? I KNOW IT MAY VARY A LOT BUT JUST WANTED TO GET AN  ESTIMATE FROM YOU

- I Hired a Fiverr Facebook Ads Expert: Here’s What Really Happened!: Kind: captions Language: en Running Facebook ads has always been a headache for me. I've spent hours tweaking targeting, writing ad copy, testing creatives, and still ended up wasting money with barely any clicks or sales. Sound familiar? I finally said enough is enough and decided to try something new. I hired a Fiverr freelancer who claimed to be a Facebook advertising specialist. They promised better performance, more leads, and less stress on my end. But did they actually deliver? Or did I just hand my ad budget to a stranger on the internet and hope for the best? Let's break it down step by step and see if this Fiverr gig was worth every penny or a complete waste. I found a seller on Fiverr offering to manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns with a focus on driving real results. The service included everything from audience research to crafting high-converting ad copy and designing eye-catching visuals. What caught my attention was their promise to tailor the strategy to my specific business goals. Whether it's boosting website traffic, generating leads, or increasing sales, the gig offered multiple pricing tiers, starting with a basic package for small campaigns, and scaling up to comprehensive management for larger budgets. The seller had a 4.9 star rating with hundreds of reviews, which gave me confidence they knew their stuff. Their profile showcased case studies of past campaigns, claiming up to three times higher click-through rates for clients. It sounded like a dream solution for someone like me who was tired of the DIY ad struggle. I went with their mid-tier package, which included setting up a full ad campaign and optimizing it over two weeks. The process was seamless from the start. After placing the order, the seller sent a detailed questionnaire to understand my business, target audience, and goals. Their communication was prompt and professional. Within 24 hours, they shared a custom strategy outlining the ad structure, audience segments, and creative ideas. What impressed me most was their attention to detail. They didn't just throw together generic ads. They crafted copy that spoke directly to my audience and paired it with visuals that popped. The delivery was on time with the campaign launched within 48 hours of our initial discussion. Over the two weeks, they monitored performance and made tweaks, sharing weekly reports with clear metrics. My click-through rate doubled compared to my previous campaigns, and I saw a 40% increase in leads without increasing my ad spend. The results spoke for themselves, and the stress of managing ads was completely off my plate. This service is a gamecher for small business owners, entrepreneurs, or marketers who want to run effective Facebook ads without spending hours learning the platform's complexities. If you're like me and find ad manager dashboards overwhelming, this gig takes that burden away. It's also great for anyone with a tight budget who needs cost-effective results since the seller optimizes for maximum ROI. Even if you're scaling a larger campaign, their higher tier packages offer advanced features like AB testing and retargeting. The only people who might not need this are seasoned ad experts who already have a winning strategy. For everyone else, this is a low-risk way to get professional results without hiring a full-time marketing team. Hiring this Fiverr freelancer was one of the best decisions I made for my business. The results were better than I expected. The process was stress-free and the value far outweighed the cost. If you're struggling with Facebook ads or just want to save time while getting better performance, I highly recommend checking out this seller service. I've linked the gig below so you can see for yourself. Have you tried outsourcing your ads before? Let me know your experience in the comments. If you found this review helpful, give this video a thumbs up and hit that subscribe button for more tips on growing your business smartly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @za-mazing2503: Is this whole video AI? WTH

- How to Be a Facebook Ads Expert (Full 2024 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to become a Facebook Ads expert in just 5 minutes. Whether you're new to the digital marketing scene or looking to sharpen your skills, mastering Facebook Ads can significantly benefit your business or the organization you're helping to grow. Let's jump right into it. First and foremost, head over to the Facebook Business Manager. This platform houses all the tools you'll need to manage your ads effectively. It's a centralized space where you can oversee your pages, ad accounts, and much more. If you're already logged into your Facebook account on your browser, great. If not, take a moment to sign in. Next, once you're on the Facebook Business Manager page, there's a button that says log in with Facebook. Go ahead and click on that. This is your gateway into managing your business's online presence on Facebook. Choose your account from the list provided to proceed. Make sure you select the account associated with your business page or the one that has the required permissions to manage ads. Once you've successfully logged in, locate the ads section on the lower left panel. This area is your control room for everything ad-related on Facebook. Clicking on this will bring you to a new level of your journey in mastering Facebook Ads. After you found yourself in the ads section, look for and click on Ads Manager. This tool is where the magic happens. Ads Manager is an all-in-one tool for creating, managing, and analyzing your Facebook Ads. It's intuitive, packed with powerful features, and designed to help you succeed in your advertising efforts. Now, once you're comfortably inside the Ads Manager, scroll down to the bottom of the page where you'll find the help option. This is like finding a treasure trove of resources directly from the source. Clicking on help will open the door to a vast array of support options and resources tailored to make your advertising journey as smooth as possible. Among the resources listed under help, you'll find a very special link titled Blueprint e-learning. This is your next click. Blueprint e-learning is a comprehensive online training program offered by Facebook themselves. It's designed to teach you the ins and outs of creating effective campaigns, uh understanding your audience, and much more. Once you're on the Blueprint e-learning page, take your time to browse through the courses available. These courses are designed to cater to learners at every level, from beginners to seasoned marketers looking to fine-tune their skills. The courses cover a broad spectrum of topics, including but not limited to ad buying, ad creative, and measuring ad performance. Take advantage of these resources to understand the platform inside out and to harness its full potential. Here are a few additional tips to keep in mind on your journey to becoming a Facebook Ads expert. First, practice is key. The more you experiment with different ads and settings, the better you'll understand what works best for your audience and goals. Second, keep up with the latest trends and updates. Facebook often updates its advertising policies and tools, so staying informed will give you an edge. Lastly, don't be afraid to ask for help. Join online forums, reach out to fellow marketers, and utilize the Facebook community to share insights and solve challenges together. By following these steps and making the most of Facebook's extensive learning resources, you'll be well on your way to mastering Facebook Ads. The journey might seem daunting at first, but with patience, practice, and a proactive approach to learning, you'll find yourself achieving your marketing goals in no time. So, recap. Start at the Facebook Business Manager, navigate to the Ads Manager, dive into the Blueprint e-learning resources, and continue to explore, learn, and ask questions. The path to becoming a Facebook Ads expert is at your fingertips. Thank you for watching, and don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more tips and tutorials. Let's harness the power of Facebook advertising together. Happy marketing!

- Hiring A Facebook Ads Expert in 2021 (Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys welcome back to the channel my name is nick tario and today i have a new video for you guys today i'm going to talk about hiring a digital agency in 2021 specifically a facebook ads agency i'm gonna discuss everything in between of working with one hiring one pricing everything to expect the horror stories all that good stuff their questions to acts and everything like that which i'll be unbiased as possible because i do run a facebook ads agency but i'm hopefully to help you out before you go ahead and hire one so that way you know what to look out for so with that being said before we get started make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every other day similar to this one let's get started so the first questions ask yourself should i hire a facebook ads agency there's gonna become a time where you're currently running facebook ads right now and a you just not getting the results you want or b where simply you just do not have the time to run the ads anymore you're so focused on growing the business and other perspectives in other areas you know you're working on finance products shipping fulfillment all of this other stuff running new collections or creating new collections and stuff like that where running the facebook ads yourself is actually an issue because you're spending so much time on other areas of the business you can't keep up with it and you run into some issues with results and you know you need to hire bring someone on board to run the ads for you so that's gonna come down to the first questions and really to describe that it just kind of depends on you know budget how much excess capital you have because on top of admin now you have to pay someone to run it for you and then also too you need to decide if you want to do the consulting or full-on service where consulting is more when agency works with you you do everything still yourself but they consult with you in the proper things you need to do to get better performance or they're doing full hands-on where the agency takes over the ad account and all that good stuff now the next thing is a niche agency versus a broad agency so if you're looking to hire an agency you want to make sure you're running with an agency that has results in your niche so there's e-commerce there's lead generation and then there's coaches consultants personal brands people selling courses essentially like that you want to make sure you're working with an agency in your particular niche so if you're a e-commerce business and someone who has 90 success rate with realtors wants to run your ads i would pretty much say no because while that business yes they have success with facebook ads not in your niche and that is a huge issue and something that why we proudly identify self comments niche because we only want to work with e-commerce brands we work with e-commerce brands day-to-day we specialize in that niche now granted we can charge more due to that so yes we do charge more and yes it's a little bit more cost you know associated to it but the benefit of it is you have someone that works with ecommerce day to day and it's completely different from legion so if you have someone from lead generation for realtors to come and work your fashion brands ads it's not going to really work too well and then the cost that you're gonna start having is you have to pay them longer to get the it's gonna take longer for them to get results for you equals more money spent on advertising more money wasted that could have been put up to a higher tier contractor to do it for you and or higher tier ecommerce specialist to do it for you if you're a brand now you can also go into a sub niche so while we're primary e-commerce we're not completely identified and locked down into one specific niche but you can go even further from e-commerce now to say a beauty brand so we have beauty brand clients we have fashion clients we have um a few of other spontaneous custom decor product we've also worked with gaming chairs and stuff and while we've had great results across all those niches there is some brands that work specifically with only women's clothing lines and these brand these agencies are even more valuable because not only do you have an e-commerce specialist on your team now but you also have someone that's generate results for clothing from time to time again so that's also the next thing now while i don't really completely condemn if you do work with someone that has e-commerce results because us personally we don't have results in some of the niches we go into we have generated some really good results and that could come down to just the personality of the person running the ads if they're willing to you know go out their way to really make sure they can be successful for you regardless what your product is because a lot of e-commerce products share some of the same principles but you know then having someone that already understands your product and has worked at your product from numerous other brands is very valuable and that is something that we're also further refining with our agency to really lock downs only one or two three different sub niches of e-commerce so we can really maximize our results for our clients and only focus and know those products because every time you enter in a new niche or a sub niche you have to relearn a product so that's why if you specialize with just women clothing you know the market you know the consumer really well so you can you know exponentially get better results for your clients so you the client you need to understand that and you also to verify this is okay you work with ecommerce clients have you and do you have any results with these particular clients and they could say yes or no and that's up to you whether you want to use them or not after that but having that niche agency and also having a sub niche agency in your particular niche is more valuable but again you will your costs will rise up but you're paying for that expertise of someone with your type of business now seeing results is the next thing before you hire any agency you want to make sure they have results just in general make sure like i said if they have results in your particular sub niche that's even better but if you're hiring a agency to run your ecommerce ads you want to at least see some case studies in terms of e-commerce results so again if someone that does amazing job with real estate clients i do really really well for you know legion and all that stuff and i was pitching in the e-commerce business and like well let me see some e-commerce results and you don't have any then that's more likely not a good idea you want to make sure you're working with someone that hey i work with e-commerce brands i have all of these results and we can do this for your business we clearly see the problem here we might need a little bit more work on the consumer in terms of like understanding your product and consumer but hey we can do that we can definitely help you out with that that's a lot better versus yeah i know i'll give it a try i got all these results for these little realtors but i never worked at e-commerce business i'm sure we can crush it for you and it doesn't really work well again you might be paying less for that type of deal but ultimately you're gonna spend the money on ad spend and you're gonna lose the money there versus the money you could have put into a higher tier contract that's going to necessarily give you a better result so you want to make sure you see your results and at least your niche sub niche maybe you can be just kind of relevant niches so niche is very closer to the particular product you're selling and the results they got that works really well so you definitely want to see your results before you bring them on board now the next thing is understanding the difference between a media buyer and an agency and also understanding what that agency or media buyer is responsible for so a media buyer is someone who consumes who who you know you basically give them the copywriting you give them the creatives and all they're doing is executing on a facebook ad strategy they're going to ask you for more ad copy they're going to ask you for more creatives you're simply being a good person to run the ads for so i actually do have this for one of my particular clients but they don't have a large budget but they're really good at copying creatives they're just very bad at facebook ads management so we do the management and they just give us a copywriting and all that but i do have some higher tier clients where we do everything for them they literally just sit back and collect a check that we generate them with shopify so it definitely depends on again price range because lower price range you're only really gonna get a media buyer higher price range you can get someone that covers everything so when you're interviewing these agencies you're interviewing these experts to run your facebook advertising you need to make sure you understand what they're responsible for what they're executing on you know there's copywriting there's creative content you know you'll send them pictures and videos your products but will they edit those videos or do you need to send that to your editing team first if they take photos or products will they edit those or will you know you need to get those edited first in terms of like adding like some 2d text and stuff on and stuff like that making it more ad friendly who's responsible for that who is going to update your website do you like a little bit of website optimization not necessarily list products or add you know new events on your website but just a little bit of website optimization in terms of you know critiquing the page and stuff like that who is responsible for that so you need to make sure in detail whether this person be good fit for you by understanding what they're responsible for again higher ticket agencies do more but also they do charge more lower ticker agencies literally just offer like some simple stuff so you need to understand how they can benefit you and what they're responsible for you need to make sure you're clear of this before you proceed with them so let's assume they're in your niche they got results now what like stuff are they gonna do for you be very clear about this so now that we kind of touch on agency pricing let's actually dive further into it how much does it charge for a facebook ads agency to run ads for you now again is is it a media buyer or is it someone that's on a full service agency we have seen from time to time again just throughout the industry you know you can find you a good decent e-commerce media buyer for around usd per month that's something that's literally just managing your ads for you you're going to submit a lot of the creatives and content form and the copywriting and they're going to manage all your ads for you and they're going to generate you some pretty decent results again so if they're spending about fifteen hundred dollars you know you spend 1500 on their contract so you're probably going to want to have an ad spend of at least 1500 a month to barely break even you know probably around three to four thousand dollars a month and ad spend so we can really start to you know get enough return on antman so their contract is paid by the ad spend and that way the rest of profits for you you're not you know really taking profit out to pay them so you want to make sure that's in there and you know a higher ticket agency we've uh you know we have some contracts where it's like ten thousand dollars a month plus to do everything but we're also in facebook ads we're doing creative content for them we're doing a copywriting forum we're managing influencers and stuff we're doing google ads for them tick tock snapchat so it's a lot more going into it but i would say for a higher ticket agency that's doing what's really good at facebook ads you're gonna spend anywhere from six thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars per month and some of that handles everything you know from 10 to 30 000 per month i know that's a lot but we're talking about brands that are gonna be spending you know maybe three to four thousand dollars a day on admin you know brands that are going anywhere from ten thousand dollars a month to 250 000 per month in revenue you'll be expecting to see about a fifteen hundred dollar fee to ten thousand dollar fee depending on that and that's also another thing a lot of pricing and agency pricing at least how we structure hours we have a core program of which is a 90 day program we charge a flat fee for that program that's divided amongst three months and then we switched to a revenue share model once we got everything you know properly set up and properly running then we switched to a revenue stream uh revenue share so we can keep scaling that business up again there's different like service agreements like that amongst agencies but just typically your average pricing is fifteen hundred dollars to ten thousand dollars per month they'll handle your facebook ads they'll do your copywriting they'll do your creative content they'll do some good results for your facebook ads again it's assuming they're have previous results all that good stuff now what is the cycle like what's the process so of you know hiring agency so obviously you can do some prospecting you'll probably do a discovery call with one of them you'll hop on the call they'll show you the results they've got they might critique your ad account a little bit and then you know they'll send you a contract over your sign and you sign up with them what happens next usually you'll do some type of onboarding where they're gonna get access to your ad account they'll get access to your shopify they'll get access to your assets your creative assets so your all your photos and videos from the past you'll do probably a strategic session in terms of you know digging through your customer avatar identifying all types of content and stuff like that and understanding your audience really well potential questions and objections they might have all that stuff so they can really understand your product that's a good agency some agencies just like sonic contract and they start running off their own but again just kind of depends on the agency so then what you'll do is you'll probably talk to them once or twice per week usually about an email or two nothing crazy some agencies do weekly calls we are strongly against weekly calls we do once month calls or twice a month costs depending on the client we just find it's no you know real nothing really to talk about every week there's not enough moving forward whereas maybe a once a month call checkup with multiple emails throughout the week to update them on key actions it is a reasonable amount of communication we send weekly reports so we'll send a weekly report of past seven days you know like monday through sunday and we'll we'll send them a report just kind of what things are going where things are moving forward we also like communication from the client in terms of you know if uh they're sending over like hey we're launching a cell in two weeks we want you to be prepared here's everything we're gonna be launching so you know we have key strategic you know kind of like emails in terms of like up things and stuff like that so it'll be a lot of heavy communication but once you hire them that's kind of like how the communication go the onboarding will go and stuff and they'll start running ads for you you know they'll start creating the creators for you based off what you give them and start creating copywriting form now look i'll be honest with you your first month you might actually still be kind of in it in terms of like hey can you approve this creative can you approve this copy and you're still going to kind of like touch base with them and you know you know seize the type of copy and create if they're going just so they make sure that they have a good understanding of your product and they're doing it properly because you know we want to do a good job for you in order for us to do that we want the first few ads we're gonna get you approve them so we're just gonna send you a copy of them they'll say oh i love that creative cool that's it but then you know as the relationship moves on you know one of my clients um for a few months we talk maybe once or twice by email per month and it'll send an invoice that's it or i'll send them an invoice they'll pay it that's it and this is one of our higher ticket clients because we developed such a good we came in sync together so i can kind of predict their next moves and you know they and just work really well so that's something similar too to as you start working with agency a longer time it's building a relationship with them and it's just something that you know as you develop that strong relationship they work with your brain really well they're gonna start getting you some really good results and there's less and less time that you need to be on at all you know our clients review results once or twice a week and that's it where uh at the beginning you know they were in there reviewing results daily they were creating creative content all that stuff then they hired us on and we helped them out with all that issues right there so that's kind of what to expect with an agency i do hear some horror stories though you know there is some horror stories out there and i really wouldn't say it horror stories you know it's rarely that an agency's gonna come on board and just completely screw you over so i guess the definition of a horror story is what is gonna be kind of uh based off everyone's own unique opinion i guess for us for a horror story is you know someone coming on board spending a ton of money and not getting in results that that would be a horror story for me if i was you know a business owner so that's something like what we do for all of our clients we start for a small budget we start for a reasonable budget we don't come and say hey we're gonna spend 25k this week you know or this month we just started on board no we're going to come on board we're going to start off with our small budget testing campaigns and stuff so that way we're we're properly you know starting to build up results and data and stuff we start with low budget so we don't blow anything crazy i think i have heard a horror story before where someone had like a 50 km off budget they immediately started with this agency and his agency said hey we spent 25k in like a week just to get out the you know start testing and start testing all kinds of crazy stuff and got literally no purchase it's just absolute horror story they're like we just need to spend more and it's like okay if you spend 25k in a week you don't need to spend more to start getting results you know we start off at like 100 300 a day even for our ad accounts that are planning on spending 22 to 25k a day an ad spend we start off about 100 200 state low budget testing it takes a little longer to get results but we prioritize profit over revenue potential so we want to we're going to take less risk low budget testing some some business owners we've ran ask for they were you know too much in a rush to scale that they literally let us go because we were prioritizing them too much then tried running ads themselves and blew tons of money wasted their money down the drain way more than they would have paid us in the retainer and all that stuff and it was like hey can come run out as far as again and then you know they finally understood why it takes a little time to be a little patient so and that's also the next thing is you know you as the client you there's some clients expectations us agency owners expect you to uphold and i'll get that to you in a second but um just to go back to the horror stories i mean yeah i haven't really heard too much if you do your due diligence and really dig through you know go with an agency that's in your niche going with an agency that's prior results and you know really making sure that they understand what you're trying to do you understand and you you really take all those prior steps you're probably gonna have a good experience with that agency unless they're just someone that's completely you know like uh you know saying they can do all this and they can't do it at all they've jeopard you know copied some other people's reviews and testimonials and stuff but it just i don't see that every day on a day-to-day basis so just be smart it's kind of like when you purchase something online you know do your due diligence look at some reviews look at some results and stuff like some social proof and stuff like that make sure you're going for an agency that um you know has a proven background so if you go through all that you should have a good time we should have really any issues now client expectations because you know you as the client you're gonna control this whole relationship if you treat this agency like they're your slave you're not gonna have a good time um i've personally worked with a client before i knew i should have took him on board because i have my own special criteria if i allow a client to come on board with us so we start running ass form and this client did not fit those expectations at all but i was in more of a scarcity mindset at the time and i was like i'm willing to take on anyone and when you have those mindsets you tend to make bad mistakes and that's what this client was and you know just they treated me like a slave and i created this really unnecessary attention on it um they were you know expecting things outside of what we signed and agreed upon had no boundaries at all when it turned you know came to communication like literally blow my phone about three or four o'clock you know in the morning because an ad got disapproved like something simple like that so you know you the client you control everything you want to treat this agency like you treat your wife or your husband you want to treat them respectfully you want to you know respect the boundaries and stuff and part of before you join this partnership with them is laying out those expectations and it's your job as a client to have proper expectations be told to the agency and it's the agency's job at understanding your expectations and understanding you know communicating you know to you what they're going to be doing so if those expectations are met properly in the beginning then when you'll sign on it's going to be a very smooth experience so you're definitely going to look at all that and you know as you're you're working with an agency so closing out hiring a facebook ads agency can be super beneficial to you because you know you the ecommerce business owner you need to be focusing on other things and you can't be spending all day in the ads manager you can't be spending all day worrying about they're creating new creatives and stuff like that you need to be focused on what you do best creating great products providing an amazing service to your customers you know building up your team you know figuring out how to cut down costs and stuff and like you're shipping fulfillment how to create a better product and all that stuff you may focus on the bigger picture stuff you need to be focusing more on strategic maybe overall campaigns and stuff that y'all can be pushing so like on valentine's day sell and stuff and then having the right people in place to really go ahead and execute on this for you so having an agency to do this for you or maybe a media buyer that just knows facebook ads really well and you left on the creative and you have done the copy and they can just take what you give them and they can run with it so having this is a really great player on your team i know one of our clients we typically do about 60 to 100 grand a month form and just for valentine's day we did um 880 or 847 000 in revenue in less than 21 days so you know having the right agency can be super super super profitable for you especially one that knows specifically your business your niche and all that you can see some amazing just absolutely amazing results and i know for me it's very very fulfilling to completely change a business's results around you know allow them to hire more people and stuff i'm putting more jobs into the market and just something i'm super grateful to do and absolutely love so you know hiring agent agency super beneficial to you and um you know if you specifically are an econ business owner and uh you know this is where i'm gonna give my pitch at uh if you spend at least a thousand dollars per day let's book a call let's let's see what we can do for you you know if you're running paid advertising right now you're likely on this video because you're you're you maybe have had some bad experiences with your current agency maybe you're you're tired of being in the ads manager all the time and you're on this video now to figure out what you need to do then let's hop on a call together let's see what you got going on right now like i said as long as you're spending at least a thousand dollars a day you're in the e-commerce niche uh we can hop on a goal together we can audit everything you're currently doing and we can see what's the best route for you to improve and then whether you lose us that's totally cool if not you know you can take these things i give you and you can give it to your team and your team can execute on it so thank you guys so much for watching this video if you liked this video make sure you hit that like button and if you enjoyed this video make sure you hit that subscribe button release new videos every other day similar to this video well guys it's around that time again my name is nick terio hope you enjoyed this video thank you so much for watching peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @movingmakeoverllc6819 [1 likes]: I need a Facebook ads manager ASAP. Any recommendations on who to call and hire??
  2. @Comeupkidd867 [1 likes]: Wassup bro I’ve been stuck for like 5 days trying to set up my Facebook ad. I’m trying to do purchase and conversions for my ad but it keeps telling me to switch to link clicks or landing page instead. I did my pixel and domain and all my managers please help bro
  3. @NickTheriot [1 likes]: Hope this video helps you decide on the best route to go with your business!
  4. @LennyYT: Template for expectations would be great and clause to not be dragged in directions are out of your values zone etc.
  5. @LennyYT: What are the revenue shares % you recommend?
  6. @insummary3328: Nick not only your knowledge, but your style is on fleek! Where'd you get that hoodie?! ❤️
  7. @alannajm: Your camera and video quality are amazing!  I just subscribed to your channel, but you provide a lot of value and quality content that I truly appreciate.  Thank you, Nick :)

Also, what mic and camera do you use?
  8. @RUNNINGWATER: 💪🏻👍🏻👍🏻🔥🔥

- How social media influences the mental & behavioral health of children age 13 to 17: Kind: captions Language: en Teenagers are using social media in a plethora of&nbsp; really positive ways. There are groups, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; clubs out there to address anything that a teen&nbsp; has interest with. I see a lot of kids facing&nbsp;&nbsp; challenges with depression, anxiety, and they're&nbsp; able to connect. I think it's incredibly important&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're using social media appropriately. We're&nbsp; seeing teens architect their Instagram photos&nbsp;&nbsp; using filters to create images that are&nbsp; not aligned with who they really are,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're generating likes. It's a social&nbsp; currency and it's addictive. Sometimes teens&nbsp;&nbsp; make bad decisions and they can post things&nbsp; on social media that they don't realize&nbsp;&nbsp; that exists forever, as adults. Employers look at&nbsp; social media and what are you posting on there?&nbsp;&nbsp; Kids aren't thinking about those kinds&nbsp; of things. So we do want to supervise&nbsp;&nbsp; our child's social media usage. Simply asking&nbsp; them what their social media represents,&nbsp;&nbsp; the values that they want represented and to&nbsp; ask them about the content that they post.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why is it important? What's interesting about&nbsp; it? Coming from a place of genuine, authentic&nbsp;&nbsp; interest, right? Not concern, just interest.&nbsp; We start that conversation. We keep it open&nbsp;&nbsp; ended. We keep it consistent. We check&nbsp; in often and we invite that conversation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aabetterworld [46 likes]: The good all days when the most you could do was play with friends, read books,do chores and still have spare time left and you were happy. Newer generations will never know what mental freedom is like.
  2. @John83118 [11 likes]: This material is avant-garde. A similar book I read was equally forward-thinking. "A Life Unplugged: Reclaiming Reality in a Digital Age" by Theodore Blaze
  3. @simonewilliams7224 [7 likes]: Simply don’t give them phones or unsupervised TV time.
  4. @jesterplays983 [6 likes]: Age 13 to 17?
Heck my lil cousin who's 6 is already infected with this Brainrot stuff on the internet.Its like a virus
  5. @r.morris5589 [5 likes]: Social media, cell phones, and the internet are the new smoking, drugs and alcohol.
  6. @MagicalLeia [4 likes]: I believe that social media is making kids not being kids like if you look at teens now, they look like adults! What’s happened to childhood?
  7. @soniyasinha3496 [4 likes]: IMHO, the risks outweigh the benefit. connecting through social media groups cannot really help people with subclinical or clinical mental health issues. In fact I have seen some alarming information and advice given by social media support/special interest' groups. Many groups are driven by $$$$$$$ and the desire to gain more visibility. 
Why not form a better relationship with your child so you can talk directly to them and not via social media? How can strangers give sound advice without knowing a person's life circumstance?
  8. @ViralConfessionsOfficial [2 likes]: This is so important! Gotta protect our kids from the TikTok brain rot lol. 😅
  9. @Pie_8_7_4 [1 likes]: Garbage. It's destroying children. Never trust the people that make lots of money from sickness.
  10. @RegalLoki [1 likes]: I really appreciated how the video highlighted both the risks and the positive sides of social media use, that neutrality was refreshing. The idea of likes acting like social currency really stood out to me. It explains a lot about why teens feel pressure to curate their image.
  11. @teortega93 [1 likes]: I know that many social media platforms face this issue, but in the case of Threads, it’s currently overrun with kids under the age of 13. I don’t understand why the administrators or moderators of that app/platform/social network aren’t doing anything about it — even when these under-13 users are openly posting pictures of themselves and clearly stating that they’re under 13.
  12. @chudchadanstud: Sounds like the algorithm is the issue not social media
  13. @stevestarscream5182: Social media is a poisonous cancer… social media mental illness in kids is through the roof
  14. @SwankyOs: I like how positive this video was about social media, usually you’ll see an alarming video about how social media is portrayed as a bad thing but it was great seeing how in the beginning of the video, it was thought of as a platform and and a tool to utilize for communities and positive engagements.
  15. @CelinaParnell: Can this be used as my audio artifact?
Topic:depression 
Subtopic:The impact of social media
  16. @selocan469: Miss, it is grown ups who make bad decisions... I dare say more often than "sometimes". For teenagers, it is way worse
  17. @gracr.023: social media is bullshit
  18. @michaelbedford2993: It taught me just how deep the shallowness of humanity goes. The few practical things coming out of social media makes me wonder where the trillions are coming from if not finding out for toys r us what colour kirby your kid is most likely to buy.
  19. @cmlmonstar007: Socia media should be 18+
  20. @يومياتيمعأسرتي-ش5خ: Thanks 😊 👍

- Is Social Media Hurting Your Mental Health? | Bailey Parnell | TEDxRyersonU: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: MARIA TIAKA Reviewer: Peter van de Ven I'm fat. Wow, I'm fat. She's only nineteen years old, what am I doing with my life? Hey! Two likes! Nice. Do I like this photo? Does she really need more likes? I hope I'm going to be invited to the wedding. One more like, nice! Welcome to the internal monologue of a typical social media scroll. A monologue that so many of us have every day, but we don't think about it, we don't talk about it. In fact, many of us can't even recognize it happening. I'm Bailey Parnell, and I will discuss the unintended consequences social media is having on your mental health. I will show you what's stressing you out every day, what it's doing to you, and how you can craft a better experience for yourself online. Just over a year ago, my sister and I took a four-day vacation to Jasper, Alberta. This was the first no-work vacation I had taken in four years. On this vacation, I was going dark. I was turning on airplane mode, no email and no social media. The first day there, I was still experiencing phantom vibration syndrome. That's where you think your phone went off, and you check and it didn't. I was checking incessantly. I was distracted in conversation. I was seeing these gorgeous sights Jasper had to offer, and my first reaction was to take out my phone and post it on social. But of course it wasn't there. The second day was a little bit easier. You might be thinking I'm ridiculous, but I hadn't been completely disconnected in over four years. This was practically a new experience again. It wasn't until the fourth day I was there that I was finally comfortable without my phone. I was sitting with my sister, literally on the side of this mountain, when I started thinking to myself: "What is social media doing to me? What is it doing to my peers?" That was only four days, and it was anxiety-inducing, it was stressful and it resulted in withdrawals. That's when I started to ask questions and have since started my master's research into this subject. I've worked in social marketing primarily in higher education for most of my career. That means I work with a lot of 18- to 24-year-olds, which also happens to be the most active demographic on social media. The other thing you need to know about me is that I'm young enough to have grown up with social media, but just old enough to be able to critically engage with it in a way that twelve-year-old me probably couldn't. My life is social media: personally, professionally and academically. If it was doing this to me, what was it doing to everyone else? I immediately found out I wasn't alone. The center for collegiate mental health found that the top three diagnoses on University campuses are anxiety, depression and stress. Numerous studies from the US, Canada, the UK, you name it, have linked this high social media use with these high levels of anxiety and depression. But the scary thing is that high social media use is almost everyone I know: my friends, my family, my colleagues. 90% of 18- to 29-year-olds are on social media. We spend on average two hours a day there. We don't even eat for two hours a day. 70% of the Canadian population is on social media. Our voter turnout isn't even 70%. Anything we do this often is worthy of critical observation. Anything we spend this much time doing has lasting effects on us. So let me introduce you to four of the most common stressors on social media, that if go unchecked have potential to become full-blown mental health issues, and this is by no means an exhaustive list. Number one: the Highlight Reel. Just like in sports, the highlight reel is a collection of the best and brightest moments. Social media is our personal highlight reel. It's where we put up our wins, or when we look great, or when we are out with friends and family. But we struggle with insecurity because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reels. We are constantly comparing ourselves to others. Yes, this was happening before social media, with TV and celebrity, but now it's happening all the time, and it's directly linked to you. A perfect example I came across in preparation for this talk is my friend on vacation: 'brb, nap ...' (Laughter) 'Wait, why can't I afford a vacation? Why am I just sitting here in my PJ's watching Netflix? I want to be on a beach.' Here's the thing, I know her very well. I knew this was out of the ordinary for her. I knew she was typically drowning in schoolwork. But we think, 'Who wants to see that?' The highlights are what people want to see. In fact, when your highlights do well, you encounter the second stressor on social media. Which is number two: Social Currency. Just like the dollar, a currency is literally something we use to attribute value to a good or service. In social media, these likes, the comments, the shares have become this form of social currency by which we attribute value to something. In marketing, we call it the 'Economy of Attention'. Everything is competing for your attention, and when you give something a like or a piece of that finite attention, it becomes a recorded transaction attributing value. Which is great if you are selling albums or clothing. The problem is that in our social media, [WE are the product.] We are letting others attribute value to us. You know someone or are someone that has taken down a photo because it didn't take as many likes as you thought it would. I'll admit, I've been right there with you. We took our product off the shelf because it wasn't selling fast enough. This is changing our sense of identity. We are tying up our self-worth of what others think about us and then we are quantifying it for everyone to see. And we are obsessed. We have to get that selfie just right, and we will take 300 photos to make sure. Then we will wait for the perfect time to post. We are so obsessed we have biological responses when we can't participate. Which leads me to the third stressor on social media. Number three: F.O.M.O. It's a light phrase we've all thrown around. F.O.M.O., or the 'fear of missing out', is an actual social anxiety from the fear that you are missing a potential connection, event, or opportunity. A collection of Canadian Universities found that 7/10 students said they would get rid of their social networking accounts if it were not for fear of being left 'out of the loop'. Out of curiosity, how many people here have, or have considered deactivating your social. That's almost everyone. That F.O.M.O. you feel, the highlight reels, the social currency, those are all results of a relatively 'normal' social media experience. But what if going on social every day was a terrifying experience? Where you not just question your self-worth but you question your safety? Perhaps the worst stressor on social media is number four: Online Harassment. 40% of online adults have experienced online harassment. 73% have witnessed it. The unfortunate reality is that it is much worse and much more likely if you are a woman, LGBTQ, a person of color, muslim - I think you get the point. The problem is that in the news we are seeing these big stories: The 18-year-old Tyler Clementi, who took his life after his roommate secretly filmed him kissing another guy and outed him on Twitter. We see women like Anita Sarkeesian being close to shamed of the internet and sent death and rape threats for sharing their feminism. We see these stories once it is too late. What about the everyday online harassment? What about that ugly snapchat you sent your friend with the intention of it being private, and now it is up on Facebook? 'And so? It's just one photo, it's funny.' 'Just one mean comment, not a big deal.' But when these micro moments happen over and over again, over time, that's when we have a macro problem. We have to recognize these everyday instances as well. Because if they go unchecked and the effects unnoticed, we are going to have many more Tyler Clementis. The effects are not always easy to recognise. How many of you have noticed the notifications at the top of my screen? How many of you, like me, are bothered that they're not checked? Ok, let me check them for you. (Sighs) Okay! Just one small example of what this can do to you. Maybe you simply cannot focus because your notifications are going off the handle, and you need to check. That need, eventually becomes addiction. Regarding social media, we are already experiencing impairment similar to substance dependencies. With every like, you get a shot of that feel-good chemical, dopamine. You gain more of that social currency. So what do we do to feel good? We check likes - just one more time. We post - just one more time. We are anxious if we do not have access. Doesn't that sound like every drug you have ever heard of? Yeah! So when that grows, when your social media use goes unconfronted overtime, that's when we see the rising levels of anxiety and depression: the F.O.M.O. the distractions, the highlight reels, the comparisons; It's a lot, and it's all the time! The Canadian Association of Mental Health found that grades 7-12 students who spent two hours a day on social media reported higher levels of anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts. For those of you doing the math, that's as young as twelve years old. Here is the thing, I like social media. I do, I love it. Hearing what I've said today might make you think I want you to get off of it. But I don't. I don't think it's going anywhere, so I'm not going to waste my time telling you to spend less time Frankly, I don't think absence is an option anymore. But that does not mean you can't practice 'safe social'. Everything I have talked about today has nothing and everything to do with social media. I mean, social media is neither good nor bad. It's just the most recent tool we use to do what we have always done: tell stories and communicate with each other. You wouldn't blame Samsung Television for a bad TV show. Twitter doesn't make people write hateful posts. When we talk about this dark side of social media, what we really talk about is the dark side of people. That dark side that makes harassers harass; that insecurity that makes you take down a photo you were excited to share. That dark side that looks at a picture of a happy family and wonders why yours does not look like that. So as parents, as educators, as friends, as bosses this dark side is what we need to focus on. We need preventative strategies and coping strategies so that when you have your low days - because you will - when you're questioning your self-worth, you never get as low as Tyler Clementi - and the many others like him. 'OK, Bailey, how do you find social media wellness?' Here's the good news: Recognising a problem is the first step to fixing it. So hearing this talk is just that, step one: recognise the problem. You know the power of suggestion, when someone tells you about something and you start seeing it everywhere. That's why awareness is critical. Because now you will at least be better able to recognise these effects if and when they happen to you. The second thing you are going to do is audit your social media diet. The same way we monitor what goes into our mouth, monitor whatever goes into your head and heart. Ask yourself: 'Did that Facebook scroll make me feel better or worse off?' 'How many times do I actually check likes?' 'Why am I responding this way to that photo?' Then ask yourself if you are happy with the results. You might be and that's OK! But if you're not, move on to step three. Create a better online experience. After my partner did his audit, he realised his self-worth was too tied up in social media, but particularly celebrities reminding him of the things he didn't have. So he unfollowed all brands and all celebrities. That worked for him. But it might not be celebrities for you. For me, I had to purge other people off my timeline. Let me tell you a secret. You do not have to follow your 'friends'. The truth is that sometimes our friends, or the people we have on Facebook as a courtesy, they just suck online! You find yourself in this passive-aggressive status war you didn't even know was happening. Or you are looking at 50 photos of the same concert from the same angle. If you want to follow artists, or comedians, or cats, you can do that. The last thing you will do is model good behaviour. Offline we are taught not to bully other kids in the playground. We are taught to respect others and treat them how they deserve. We are taught not to kick others when they are down, or take pleasure in their downfalls. Social media is a tool. A tool that can be used for good, for more positive groups, for revolutions, for putting grumpy cat in Disney movies. (Laughs) Internet is a weird place. Is social media hurting your mental health? The answer is: it doesn't have to. Social can tear you down, yes, or it can lift you up, where you leave feeling better off, or have an actual laugh-out-loud. Finally, I have 24 hours in a day, if I spend two of those hours on social media, then I want my experiences to be full of inspiration, laughs, motivation, and a whole lot of grumpy cat in Disney movies. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @박혜원-h2d [7 likes]: One of the most impressive changes I have experienced after deleting my Instagram account is that I no longer take hundreds of pictures just to save one.
  2. @Albatross-hk8bx [1 likes]: Exactly there is a time when I see my fellow mates on social media enjoying their life and have a well settled job.  I Just think how lucky they are . and why I don't have these after working so hard It gives me depression then I ignore social media platforms. I got that fancy job then realized it cons so yeah social media just give us the bright side
  3. @BukharimaxamedNur [1 likes]: Who watched this vedio in 2025
  4. @mahboobehdayyani8338 [1 likes]: 🫶🏽
  5. @BenoReku [1 likes]: The committee organized a welcoming event for the mayor
  6. @sergiosalinas7840: Hi Parnell, thanks for this Ted Talk, It`s a really interesting subject you covered, and I agree with you it depends on us how social media could affect for good or for bad, so the best way as you mentioned is to be intentional and shift our experience of social media to one of inspiration and connection. Regards.
  7. @dianasalinas2981: There was one thing in particular that interested me in the video when the she is taking about the feelings of having social media and when you feel anxious or depressed because you only watch stories or posts about the lives of the people and you make a comparison with your live and that made me sense because it happens to me when I only watch this type of content on Tiktok or Instagram and that made me think of the reality of many people because you only watch one side of their life and is good when you separate and you try to not feeling sad because you don’t have it.
  8. @laurapaoladiazsalinas874: I noticed that at first the video show us that social media can cause stress, depression or anxiety but it depends on what time you are using social media bcz you can use it to follow the people you want to see or the content you want to enjoy, cause we are in a generation were you compare with the influencers life or also with our friends when they are doing something that its cool and then we can FOMO of not doing the same things as them, but I think that probably you must follow who you really care and use it for good
  9. @HamzaKhan-xl1fl: 10:18
  10. @LisbethF-l3q: What a beautiful speech! Thank you for sharing this :)
  11. @lzybonz: Idk why but I can go as long as I want without going on social media and I don't even think about it when I was little I was extremely addicted now I wouldn't even say I'm really addicted to it lol
  12. @HasanKoseogluOfficial: Briefly speech states that: ''Social media quietly reshapes the mind through highlight-reel comparison, converting likes and comments into social currency that distorts identity, fuels fear of missing out, exposes many to everyday online harassment, and drives dopamine-based addiction patterns such as phantom vibrations, compulsive checking, and withdrawal anxiety (a pattern especially dangerous for young users who spend hours each day), which explains why unchecked use now correlates with rising anxiety, depression, stress, distraction, and even suicidal thinking; the only durable response is to practice “safe social” by recognizing the problem, auditing how each scroll affects mood and self-worth, unfollowing brands, celebrities, and draining courtesy connections, curating content that elevates rather than erodes, and modeling offline respect so the same tool that weakens focus and dignity can instead cultivate clarity, humor, motivation, and genuine connection.''
  13. @SelmanUzun-ev4em: Deleting my social media accounts was something I'd been thinking about, and this video helped me make up my mind. I deleted all of them today-Instagram, Facebook, and X. Thanks.
  14. @CAT10Gigapult: i like men
  15. @corumbau: 2025
  16. @k.k8000: I got rid of mine and then came back later due to people I know passing and I only could find out through fb
  17. @litmasqueen: Life without social media is better because it's negative effort more than the positive, ppl start to compare their life with others without paying attention to themselves and their feelings and emotions , also addicts became introvert nd hav social anxiety bcz they don't have the ability to communicate with others.
  18. @jannagevorgyan7018: ։) 🎤
  19. @DaisySlayQueen-4ever: i only spend a  few minutes on facebook to check my texts and reply to them.
  20. @miChip-r1q: Lovely clarity and approachable rhythm; it’s easy to follow and try along I share tiny listening and speaking prompts as well and would love your guidance to improve.

- Billie Eilish On Mental Health & Friendship | Ad Council: Kind: captions Language: en When you think of your mental health journey what comes to mind? What a question. I think when people hear "remember to take care of your mental health" They think that everyone else is and that's not at all accurate You know for me, I'm trying to learn, still, to make sure that I stay Ok I just answered like 40 questions in one. It doesn't make you weak To ask for help. It doesn't. It doesn't make you weak to ask for a friend to go to a therapist. It shouldn't make you feel weak to to ask anyone for help. and you should be able to ask anyone for help and Everyone has to help someone if they need it Starting that conversation... You don't have to make it super serious right away. You say "How are you feeling? Like are you ok?" That's what you say. "Are you ok?" Ask somebody that's what they you know, and "yeah, I'm good." Really? You know, are you actually good, like sometimes You don't even have to say anything to someone for them to know They understand and they don't have to say anything to you. Sometimes it's about a hug It's about somebody holding you and telling you... not even telling you anything. That's what I'm saying holding you the main thing I'm trying to say is that you should keep your ears open and you should listen and I'm just dealing with it how I'm dealing with it and I'm trying my best. Obviously. I am NOT a trained professional in anything I don't know what I'm doing half the time But I have I have seen it and I have been it Even if it's just a little bit more comfort that can really mean a lot to someone Because you don't know what is going on even in that moment there could be something going on and it's been like that for me there have been certain people that That have texted me right when I needed to be texted . They loved me and that they were thinking about me It really means a lot If you or someone, you know, you're struggling with mental health you can get more information at SeizeTheAwkward.org

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbyperez8450 [109 likes]: As a 13 year old who has went through bullying, depression and anxiety, self harm, and body image issues, just because I was 10 when this all started doesn't mean I don't have depression. This goes for everyone, not only myself. Now I am 4 months clean of self harming. I am so proud of where I am right now. My parents don't support me, but I have lots of friends that have my back. I am so grateful to have them. My parents have made me feel like asking for help makes you weak, and this reassured me otherwise. Thanks Billie. I will always love you.
  2. @3rdGenCamaroGirl [7 likes]: Person: I have depression 
Society: StFu U eDgY 12 YeAr oLd
Person: *hangs themself*
Society: Oh ThEy JuSt DiD iT fOr AtTeNtIoN

Excuse me what the actual-
  3. @louiehannigan7835 [4 likes]: She's so beautiful ❤️
  4. @brookelily5055 [3 likes]: Off topic but her hair is so pretty
  5. @marinadesantis6758 [2 likes]: The reason I got to the deep point of depression I’m in is bc people kept telling me “it’s apart of being a teenager,” “it’s bc your diet needs to be better,” “you gotta stop acting this way and look happy,” “DONT say that you feel like that”

And bc I pretended for a 1.5 year, I’m stuck and can’t get out
  6. @remuspierre8038 [1 likes]: You look beautiful bille ellish
  7. @cherryrosestar6050 [1 likes]: But I'm depressed and I have no friends 😭 all I know is abusive men and bullies. Please help me
  8. @TIKTOKLAUGHS [1 likes]: I wish I could have a friend like here😭☹️🙁☹️😢😭
  9. @Srijit_T_N [1 likes]: No one helps when you are really in need, there was a time when my friend went into depression because of his problems and he could not help himself, he lost his dad when he was in school, his marks became poor, his girl left him, getting all such insults in his shop........he was literally broken and lost interest in his life
  10. @manonmanon6644 [1 likes]: I love you Billie ♥️♥️
  11. @AngxlicSunsetYT [1 likes]: For the people who are saying young teens can’t experience depression, look it up. The second most common death for kids between 12-15 is suicide, let that sink in a bit. 🤔😬🥺😭
  12. @L_ciccone [1 likes]: That's so cute the way she express herself ❤
  13. @renttojo: 0:57 well it's difficult question how am I  feeling well I'm not going to sugarcoat it to you I'm like the titanic I hit the iceberg sunk and I'm rusting to death begging for the end is that good enough for u 😊
  14. @renttojo: 0:27 I'm sorry but no admitting weakness is weakness at the end of the day
  15. @Coincidence_Theorist: Thanks Hillbillies
  16. @Adriana-sd9qm: stop putting her songs in the background when she is talking I literally cannot focus at all its so annoying
  17. @thebluemoose7169: 😟
  18. @remuspierre8038: Very important
  19. @isamact: bro why am i actually crying this was a 3 minute interview
  20. @isamact: you have no idea how much i wish i could hug her

- Rockford man’s choice to share struggles with depression leads to boost in business: Kind: captions Language: en All new this morning as we mark National Wellness Month one, Rockford Man says he took a risk sharing his story on social media. He says, being honest and vulnerable, really paid off. I was tired all the time. The thoughts already consuming me. 24 year old Raymond Hurl Buck says he had struggled with depression for the last several years, I think for a lot of people, what happens, you know, when we get upset or depressed or sad is that we start focusing on all the negative things and it becomes extremely difficult to get out of that state of mind. Doctors diagnosed Raymond with major depressive disorder, he was medically discharged after a short time in the army. That's when I knew that I had a I had a real problem. I think it's important to note that sadness and feeling down are pretty typical for many of us, right? The problem becomes when that sadness doesn't go away with drawing from activities, staying at home a lot more. Um their sleep is often impacted either insomnia or they'll be up for extended periods of time. Um You'll notice a change often in appetite. So there can be a significant weight loss or gain in a relatively short period of time. That was the turning point where I sort of have to do something about this. I started seeing my life go downhill over and over again. I couldn't hold a job. I uh was struggling, you know, to get along with authority, you know, bosses if you're really struggling and you can say, you know, I've really been feeling this down worthless feeling for at least two weeks. In addition to some of those other changes, like appetite, sleep, um concentration also can be significantly impacted when we're depressed. I would say it's time to reach out. Raymond says therapy turned things around. You can't really cure the mind. What it is is a thought pattern. My thought pattern has changed and I'm responsible for that earlier this year. He started a power washing company turning to his community for help online. I knew for my sake and for the sake of my family to provide and protect. I had to be honest with the world and put myself out there and be willing to take that risk. It paid off in a follow up post. Thanking his customers. Raymond says he's booked and busy. Raymond says that post has helped him gain new clients. If you or someone you know, is struggling with mental health or having thoughts of suicide, there's help available any day or night, just call 988

  Top Comments:
  1. @DJMichaelAngelo: I hired him to do power-washing on  my house a couple months ago, and was thrilled with the results.  Highly recommend!

- Mental Health and Depression: Navigating The Struggles Of Business Ownership | Stacee Goetzinger: Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome to another small business pivots. Today we're going to go a little bit different direction. We usually hit on topics of marketing, sales, scaling a business, but I really was fascinated with this guest today that I've heard speak before because a lot of business owners are dealing with things internally that we don't like to share because we have this persona that we have to carry. We we don't want to feel like or look like an impostor syndrome. So today, our guest is close within our headquarters in Oklahoma. And so I know that business owners can only say their name like they want it to be said. So I'm going to let you introduce yourself as I always do and just tell us a little bit about you. We'll introduce the show and then we'll get into the meat of the subject. Yes. Well, my name is Stacy Gatsinger and we get all over the spectrum for that last name. The other day somebody said Stacy Gunslinger and I was like okay we can go with that. That's not my name but okay. Uh but I am the co-founder and president of Speak Out Loud and that we are a nonprofit organization. We're relatively new to nonprofit. However, we have been a thing for about 8 years now. So anyway, thank you so much for inviting me to be on with you today, Michael. This is a privilege. My my pleasure. Well, let's introduce the show and we'll get right back and help our listeners today. Sounds great. Welcome to Small Business Pivots, a podcast produced for small business owners. I'm your host, Michael Morrison, founder and CEO of Boss, where we make business ownership simplified for success. Our business is helping yours grow. Boss offers business loans with business coaching support. Apply in minutes and get approved and funded in as little as 24 to 48 hours at business [Music] ownershipsimplified.com. All right, welcome back to Small Business Pivot. Stacy, we have a lot to talk about. I know a lot of small business owners struggle. In fact, the whole population struggles from time to time with depression and mental health, but we're really focused on the small business owners because like I said, we have this facade that we're trying to live and we have to be this powerful or know what we're doing in business and our team looks up to us. But I know deep inside, you know, deep inside when we go home at night, we don't feel that part that we are supposed to play during the day. And so, I'm hoping to help them today. Is there anywhere particular you just want to dive in that you feel like would help our listeners today? Absolutely, Michael. I think one of the biggest things is when I go to speak, share our story, anything like that, no matter if it's to executives or to a fraternity, sorority, or to a church community, uh, one on-one, people will will overwhelmingly when I ask this question right when I stand up, I will say, "Who in here has someone who struggles in their lives with mental illness, whether it be you or someone else?" Usually, I keep that broad so that they're not having to feel on the spot. in that moment because usually when people come into that setting, they're not ex expecting to hear someone say anything um that is that personal or to ask that question. And hands down almost well I would say 95% of the people raise their hand uh and they will say they'll kind of go you know they'll make a conversation out of it a little bit and say oh my nephew my niece or you know but the hands go up uh and people immediately know that this is going to be a different kind of talk at their business or in whoever has been invited to join us that day. So it's we feel like and we've observed and we have stats that say depression, mental illness, mental health has been at the surface for a long time. When COVID came, it exploded. So now the things that were able to be kept at bay are no longer able to be kept at bay. People are swimming in it at this point. And so that's where we have found an audience. Do you think CO helped? And what I mean by that is because before it kind of or I guess CO kind of exposed it if you will to kind of make it more okay to talk about it. I mean what have you seen before CO and after? Before people were dealing with it alone with CO people said I have a problem or I know someone who does because they are not okay. whether it be the isolation, the lack of community, whatever it may have been. That was a huge shift. So many of people of course work from you know virtually now but some people just really have missed going back into the office and being in a setting with other people and that made it kind of pop. So since co we have seen that people cannot not talk about it to someone. counselors have lines. People who are calling in to say, "Can I get on your list?" Even Oh, you medical center for children. And this was true at least a year ago. They had a waiting list for children. So that starts at about 6 years old in their children wing that was over a year long waiting to get in for mental help mostly inatient. So they have had this responsibility of choosing who might be in more dire need than someone else. And as humans, we're not designed to do that. Uh so it's been really toxic. It's really shown up. And we're seeing that in suicide rate. We're seeing that in suicide ideiation. We're seeing that show in self harm, false attempts, attempts that weren't supposed to work that did. And people are just crying out. And it's it's it's really hard to see that happen because it's like you, if you've ever been with someone who you see that is crying with tears, but they can't make a sound. That's almost like what we're dealing with. They are too, it's too deep. They don't know how to express it anymore other than to just cry out and just say when they finally can help. Just that one word, I need help. I know for a lot of people they're embarrassed and a lot of people hear people give insights or direction or some tips, but you have a story yourself. If you wouldn't mind sharing just a little bit of that so that people can say, "Okay, she understands." Sure. Well, our mission with Speak Out Loud is this is to speak hope and light into the darkness of mental illness, mental health, and support those who either suffer themselves or who are loving and supporting someone who does struggle. Well, that came out that was born out of us, my husband and I, dealing with mental illness from me for over 35 years now. My story is not one of this is where I was and now I'm better and now we speak out of that better. Honestly, the shame kept us isolated, kept me isolated for about 16 years because I am a Christian and often in the Christian realm that is not accepted. I think we've come a long way in our churches. Churches are meant to be hospitals and if you are lonely at church that's not supposed to happen, but it does. And so what we really want to do is just go this is where we are. We're going to speak out of the middle because I still deal with it largely. People are like you don't look like you do but you have no idea what I go through in order to get to that point to where I can share our story because it's still something we are really trying to trudge through. However, we find a lot of hope in it. So really where where it began, my dad was a minister when I was growing up and we had to present in a certain way. Um and that was very very known at that time. I think things have become more vulnerable but we've got a long way to go. Same with people who own a business. you have a certain way you want to present and when that is not happening there's a lot of insecurity that can come out and your people can sense that. Well, it's at that point often where the conversation can start because if the head person is saying this is an issue for me or showing that it's an issue for them then it becomes like okay this is a real thing that we're going to have to address in the people in the community that we spend most of our time in. So that's often our work day. So for me, like I said, minister's family, we presented well, never had a problem. However, behind closed doors, we had big problems. So there was a lot of anger. There was a lot of verbal, emotional, mental abuse going on, some physical. And when we left our home, that was to be left back at home. when we would get around people, uh, that was not to show. So, we were wounded and we were walking around as if we had it all together. That can only be sustainable for a certain amount of time. My parents had marital problems. After 25 years of marriage and a lot a lot of dysfunction, my parents got divorced. So, we moved 13 times when I was growing up. People ask often and ask, "Oh, were y'all were military?" No, we were just disgruntled in the ministry. I feel like a better way for us to describe it. And when my parents got divorced, I had been um really an emotional support for my dad. And so my dad left, my mom was in, my sister was in college. She had been through it as well. But when my parents divorced, it was my third time to move my senior year. And so I had been an avid tennis player. I had um done well in school. Considering we'd moved 13 times, it's kind of hard to not pick up and leave off and and not get an education, but I was about to flunk out of high school, quite honestly. So I didn't accept the tennis scholarships that were offered. I knew when my parents got divorced that my mom needed support 24/7. So I we moved to Dallas, Texas where we had some family and we leaned into them and we moved into a section 8 apartment after being in the ministry and not making a lot but we also had sustainable life for a certain amount of time. So my mom and I moved. She could not hold down a job. Deep, deep depression. Had already had a couple of suicide attempts when I was in high school. And there we were in Dallas and I started getting um jobs, working 30, 40 hours a week and going to school. So school suffered greatly. Got into college because I literally went to the college on senior skip day. And I went to the college Dallas Baptist University with a lot of friends for senior skip day. Got in the door. None of them went to that university, but I stayed when they left. And I said to the admissions counselor, I said, "I have nothing. I have zero money, but I'm willing to work and I'm willing to do pretty much any job on campus because I didn't have a car." So that work as it began really other than in sports. It began in my daily life. I worked three jobs and took 18 hours at a time typically because I didn't want anybody to tell me I had to leave and not have an education. I that was where my insecurity came out because I really didn't want a like I said for anybody to tell me I needed to move or I couldn't stay at that school and b I wanted it to be able to be like I am an asset to this university so please keep me because this is what I have to offer so that I can get my education so that I have more to offer beyond university life. So that's kind of what what I did. And uh I met my wonderful husband in college and we got married quickly after marriage. I had a miscarriage that was late. It was a late miscarriage. So I had to have two surgeries and that's how we began our marriage. So it's just been it's been not just a roller coaster. It's like you're sitting backwards in a roller coaster and just going tell me what's next because I know I can't handle it. I'm just gonna hold on tight for a certain amount of time and then after that we'll have to see what happens. Wow. So that was our beginning. Well, I know we're on about episode 100 of podcast currently and I would say almost twothirds of the business owners we've spoken with because that's who our guests are had some type of trial or tri tribulation growing up, dysfunctional families or something. And so I know this is hitting home with a lot of people. So I sincerely appreciate you sharing that because now there's a definite connection of what you have to share next which is talking about living in our purpose and kind of some things that you can suggest coming from your experience of how you can help people or how people can at least help themselves and know where to start to help. So can you kind of expand on that a little bit? Well, for years I didn't think I had one. I thought I was just merely going to be here to exist uh because of the diagnosis that I had been given um over the years. And uh when the girls we had ended up having two beautiful redheaded little girls and uh we were in the ministry and that was all too familiar to me. So that was about an 11-year journey for us because I got too low too down. I couldn't. When you're working with that many people, it's really hard to please everybody. And that was my goal. And that can't be your goal in life. It doesn't work. And so, we needed to leave the ministry. But before we did, I had a nervous breakdown. The girls were five and 7 and 1/2, eight. And that was very difficult. working with that many people and all the triggers that were happening that reminded me of my past was only sustainable for a certain amount of time. And so within the ministry, I did have that nervous breakdown. I needed to go inatient. I had been mismed not an advocate for medication. However, at this point, it does help keep me here so that I can take the edge off so that I can even function in life. And we can talk more about that in a little bit if that's okay. But really uh after that happened, one of my diagnosis is well, let me just tell you what my diagnoses are so that that way people kind of know what you're dealing with and that way they can pray me through this because when I tell you what all of them are, you might go, "What? And why are you here?" But um one is uh anxiety. That is a word that can be overused now. My daughter teaches sixth grade and the kids are like, "I'm so anxious." and she and she will offer to them what if you're just excited and so because it's become such a word that can be overused. The second thing would be deep depression. It's it's deep. We thought maybe this will be just situational. Maybe when we get out of the ministry I won't have that deep depression. Maybe it's um seasonal situational and we've seen that it is absolutely not those things. Um I have a lot of joy because of my life but that depression is always hovering and sometimes it is an umbrella rather than hovering. And so then the next thing is the next ones are very humbling and a little bit I really struggle with but I do talk about it is self harm. I'm an adult who has struggled with self harm. I've been asked to go to youth camp with churches and everything in order to help them identify who might be on the edge of suicide and a lot of times that self harm can be the scream before the action the final action. So, I've helped identify people with that um and just inquired more about that so that that way they can see an LPC um get hospitalized, whatever may be needed. and one is um borderline personality disorder and that is being talked about a little bit more along the lines of our story and purpose was that 10 years ago I got too sick after I got out of having um being mental in a mental institution when the girls were little like I referred to anorexia that had been underlying in college and in growing up with that being skinny and the persona that we needed to carry really showed up in college. Then with the loss of our son and then it was waiting for me after the nervous breakdown. Right when I got out, it was just like can't eat. I was uh really struggling with emotions. Yes, I was getting stabilized on medication, but it was it was right there waiting for me once again. And so uh 10 years ago, I just celebrated 10 years of being home. I went to inatient. Anorexia is considered to be the final thing that I struggle with is probably one of the most difficult things because it's medicine. Food is medicine. And when you're not medicating yourself with food, it's really difficult to deal with the other things, the other diagnosis. So, I was in a wheelchair at that point, malnourished, went impatient, um after taking our oldest daughter to college that same day, that freshman year where she knew no one. Um we left her there and all the moms were helping move in and I just sat on the bed because I had no energy. That was a big big eye opener for me. Then the next day we took our youngest daughter to being a sophomore in high school and we my wait to get into inatient treatment was supposed to be a couple of months and they said you have a couple of days to get here. So said bye to the girls. Cried all the way so did my husband to Tulsa where I was um admitted into Laurette Hospital. Thought I was going to be there for six weeks total. and I was in ICU for 7 weeks before I could even enter the program. So that was hard. That's where we realized we were more than in a crisis situation. And but that's really where I got my life. I got my life not back but start of life with nutrition and finding my purpose in this life. Um it was never what I thought. my triple major in college with my three jobs was uh secondary education. I wanted to teach inner city and I did for a while there in Dallas. It was secondary education, English and Spanish. And so I thought that was going to be me living out my purpose in life and that that was what it was going to look like. getting to be with inner city kids and let them find their purpose so that they did not continue in that lifespan of crime that they didn't continue that lifespan of drugs and um just the legacy that a lot of their parents were living in we wanted theirs to be different and then when I was too sick I couldn't continue that in Laurette it was very much. I don't know. I felt more understood than I ever had in my whole life, but I was missing my family desperately in these new pivots in their life. And when you go into a mental hospital, you don't realize it possibly at the beginning, but they take your phone, they take your razor, they take uh anything that you your shoelaces are out of your shoes, and there's, you know, electric tape put on there so that you won't hurt yourself. Because in both of those settings, that's mental hospital. And it was very scary for me at first. After I had been there for a little while, I'd earned things back because I was very compliant. And this is why one of the biggest parts of this pivot in our life was that my husband and I the the divorce rate's very high for mental illness. People get scared. they get exhausted and they run out of what they need in order to help support someone and they're the ones who end up needing the support. So I enrolled through those doors of the ICU and on the counter there in the nurses station was a couple of dozen beautiful, beautiful roses in something plastic because they don't want you to hurt yourself with the glass. And that would have been something I would have done um without a doubt. And as I was rolled through, the nurse came over to me and she said, "These are for you." And I said, "Really? I just got here. I wasn't expecting anything." And the nurse said, "I think they're from your husband." And I went and read the little card that it comes from, and it was in Doug's handwriting. And he said, "Stacy, you can do this. Make this work. we need this to work. And I knew that at that point I wasn't going to give myself an option to not fight. And that's where the journey began really for us because there were people checking themselves out all the time. I went in willingly. I'm not going to fight my doctors and what I knew I needed. I just thought when I got in there, I'm not going to need this as bad as they think I am. So, I won't be here long. And I took that as Doug saying, "We need this to work. We need this to happen. Our family does. We've been through it all." I was a sick mom raising two daughters. I was sick all three pregnancies with anorexia. That's one of the reasons we lost our son. If you're not nourishing yourself, you can't nourish a baby. Um, it got by God's grace. We had two redheaded daughters like I've referred to and they came out pink and perfect. That's a mira miracle. Those both those both of those girls were a miracle. But that's who I fought for when I was in there. And with anything in life, if it's really going to matter, whether it be business, home, community, whatever it's going to look like, it's probably going to entail doing hard things that are unnatural for you. The most unnatural thing for me at that point was eating. And I ate over 500 meals there. And I was there five 5 months instead of 6 weeks. And those women were the biggest fighters. And a lot of them now have opened their own businesses because they're alive and they know what it's like to feel dead. And it was very motivating to be there. But the rest of the journey began really when I got home because I had didn't have that accountability as much. I had a huge support team which is so important in anything we do in life. If you don't have a good support team who's going to be around you and provide that accountability for you and speak into your life in business um and you feel like you're above that reproach, that's going to take about that long for that to go under. In my experience, we need people around us who are going to be honest with us and are going to do the hard things with us that we can hold that can hold us to the same standard that we are setting for other people. I wanted to be able to leave a legacy and live in a legacy for our daughters before I even started nonprofit work that was leading by example and saying you can do hard things and I'm going to make it because I want you to know that when hard things come up in your life personal business anything that you can do it and this is why I'm going to lead by example that's why and um the hardest things I've ever done and coming home and being home and not having to go back and forth to the hospital has been devastatingly difficult, but here we are. So, that's where we are right now. There have been pivots. There have been reasons why that God wants this to be my purpose. And that is because when I speak about it, it reminds me that I have to do this with integrity or I better step aside. So the purpose came out of my verse uh Psalm 118:17. I will not die but live and proclaim what the Lord has done. And I know that is so short. I know that is such a brief verse but gosh it's powerful. It's got a punch that keeps me on my toes all day every day. First of all, it says I will not die. Even as I'm speaking to you right now, Michael, my my mind is screaming. What do you possibly have to offer businessmen? business women, people who are doing startups, people who are working for nonprofits. I will not die. Well, that's because my identity h can't be in what my mind is saying for me to do. My mind says the opposite. So, I do the opposite all day, every day to the best of my ability. Then it says, but live. So, I'm not just going to exist in my office and hang out in my house and become more and more depressed every day, choose to self harm out of that depression, be anxious because my husband's going to come home and see the self harm. And the borderline personality disorder that says, "Do not communicate with people. Do not have relationships because they're going to be profoundly more difficult than it is for other people because they may not have borderline personality disorder. And by the way, eat. So the final part of that b verse is proclaim what the Lord has done. And that's where our nonprofit was was birthed because I thought it's not enough for me to tell myself these things. But when I get on a stage, when I get on a podcast, when I'm doing life with somebody who is desperate, I better know that I'm going to need to talk about where I've been, where we are, and the fact that we don't know what the future holds, but we're going to be okay. I have to take that element of possibility out of my life of saying today I'm not going to choose life because when I don't choose life my alternative is to take my life with suicide ideiation constantly there I know a lot of business owners when they come to us they ask things like do you hold your clients accountable were business coaches. And this all makes a little sense now from hearing some of the struggles, trials, tribulations that they've mentioned along the way because they always say, "I don't want someone that just agrees with me. I want someone to hold me accountable," which is kind of like what you were referring to, which is a support group. So, how does one find a support group that is struggling? because it sounds like that's possibly the key to get started. Mhm. It really is. I think anytime that someone walks into a a possible job situation nowadays, I think they really want to hear that we care about you. Not just what you have to offer us, but we care about you as a whole person. And when you say that now, people get relief instead of fear of when I start to play out my life in front of you. What's that going to look like? Because sometimes I can't hold back the anxiety. Um, sometimes I can't hold back the things that are very, very difficult for me. So to offer space for there to be a counseling a counselor um or that you know that they may need to take a little time for counseling immediately lowers that anxiety for the person so they perform better than ever. So we have found that when we speak into corporations, when we speak into companies and we say, you know what, it's not a weakness to go to see a counselor, it's a strength that their longevity in the person's employment grows because they know that they are not expected to be on constantly. Are you? I'm not. I'm not constantly on. And when we are a lot of that can come out and it can show itself in many different ways within a setting of a company. So we want there to be less absences or absent days. We want there to be quality when that person does take a personal day. So, we open up that door immediately to say, "We realize we're all people working in this company. And while we don't want you to abuse this situation, we realize we we want you to realize that we want to speak into the whole person." Because when you're not taking care of yourself, then what productivity are you going to have to offer us? Well, not much. And if so, it's not going to be a longterm situation for that person in the day and time that we now live in. The stress level is off the charts, the world's uncertainty with political things that I will never talk in public about, but just the things that are going on in our world today. We can't walk into our offices and act like and be like that. That is not affecting us all. Does that mean we need to sit with our co-workers and shoot the breeze about this all day? Absolutely not. We have a purpose in our business. We have a purpose for our company. We have a we have things that we want to show to bring to that company. But when the company makes it clear that they are going to take care or um um realize that you're a whole person that those things need to work together, counseling never needs to be off the table and also um just that group work that needs to happen. And there are many many in Oklahoma, Oklahoma City that are outpatient that are 1 hour an evening. Um, and they're just excellent. So that that way when they're not working, they can also be taking care of themsel and you see the result of that when they do show up for work because you want that great attendance among your people and not for them to eventually explode and them have to take off 3 months to get their life back to where they can be someone who is going to add profit and they are going to add um their talents and gifts to your office space. For the business owners who have never reached out for help or mentioned anything to anyone, what would you suggest is kind of a first step in first of all kind of diagnosing maybe what level or what degree of maybe some anxiousness or depression that I have because I'm sure there's different levels. So where would one start mentally thinking like maybe I should reach out or maybe I can try this. Are there any insights that you can give on that? Sure. Like when you um say you you are the boss say say that you you are the CEO COO you are realizing that in this world in this environment now that you are beginning to slip and struggle on performance focus uh anything like that your leadership skills may be sliding. you yourself can go in and get counseling and they offer counselors are available after work hours. A lot of them that's their main time to counsel is after 6:00, 7:00. If you sense that in yourself, lead by example. Go ahead and get that help that you need and say, "Hey, you know what? I know people may consider this a weakness, but it's really proven to be a strength in my life for me to get the help that I need to lower that anxiety, lower that stress so that when I come to you, I can offer you my best. But I want you to know how I'm doing that. I am getting that extra help that has made me stronger as a person. And that's why we have speak out loud as our own nonprofit is just to be able to start that conversation and let you know that it has not been explosive. It's it's not been self-imploding either. It's been us stepping up to the table and just going, you know what, I'm a human being. There are a lot of cells up here. I live with a lot of stress. And so I just want you to know in the most natural way that I can that sometimes I need to seek help outside of these four walls in order to bring my best in order to be able to be the person that is approachable, the person who isn't scared to death of the future of what we're looking at. Um, and what we could possibly or not. Um but lead by example in that situation and tell the benefits of it. Not just like well I went to counseling and I the first time I went uh it didn't work in businesses when we are looking for our purpose in that business. The most effective businesses are usually people working in their purpose. And so if you want to really be able to do that and work in that area, uh then the chances are of you needing to get help yourself are very high. And at first when you offer it, your people may look at you and just go, "Oh, oh no, this is our leader." But when they see the benefit of it, I've been going for a month. What have you noticed in my productivity? My productivity, it's gone up, hasn't it? because I have someone I can talk to that is unbiased in this within this company and they can pour into my life so that that way you see the overflow of that instead of me depleting you within these um working hours of our day. Lead by example. Absolutely. I know I've reached out for help many times and I highly encourage every business owner to do that. Whether it be a mentor, a coach, a consultant, or a therapist, or you name counselor, the list goes on and on. I've I've reached out to all of them before. So, not at the same time, but just throughout the years, and I know that it makes a big difference. And so I encourage everyone to at least take that first step even if you're feeling a little self-doubt because it really does make a difference just to explore with someone that knows how to uh help you and be a sounding board. What does your organization do so we can let people know how you can help them? Absolutely. So we we offer several things. So something that I always want to emphasize and my husband and I always want to emphasize is we are not professional LPCs. We are not counselors. We go to them. But what we do offer is our experience for the last 35 years. I can remember when I was even a little girl and I would get in bed with my sister because the day had been so overwhelming. And back in the day we would just say you're just a worry wart. You're paranoid. But now what we call it is anxiety. And I was experiencing that as a very little girl. And I would get in bed with my sister and I would just say, "Can you help me understand today? Can you help me know what went on today? I'm so I'm so scared." I would use that word instead of anxious or um and so now we see those words more come to fruition as a as a diagnosis instead of it being just like, you know, blown off. And so that's also when we started realizing that I had issues with relationships in that I didn't want to be left in those. So the rejection, the abandonment, which eventually did happen in our lives. It was just a slow tick until it did happen are now titled. They now have they now have words to them. And so that's what we want to do. We want to always keep that door open and and let people know what we do have to offer. Michael to your question that is that we want to let people know that we have a podcast that is Doug and I speaking on that we want to offer that because he offers the viewpoint of what he's come into in 35 years that I've struggled with since I was a little bitty girl. Then um we offer so that's 65 that we offer of the podcast and that's a whole library that you can pull from on Doug saying this is what this looked like from my view and me speaking into it of this is what my emotions were doing in that situation. So that that way you know as the person who listens that says I'm the one who struggles. I'm the one who's suffering so much but I don't know how to explain it. What do I need? If I knew, I would tell you. And then Doug speaks into it as someone who has been with me and doesn't call himself a caretaker. He calls himself it's a privilege to be walking this journey with you. And that's how we we run everything. We run everything of not poor Stacy, but look how we can speak into your life. And I heal a little bit more every time we get to do that. Then the next thing we offer is um speaking. Doug speaks sometimes uh alone. We speak together. I'm the one who speaks the most because I'm the one who's dealing with it. And then he'll come to the Q&A and swing around and go, "This is what we thought we were looking at and this is how wrong we were." So that's kind of how that works with that one. And then I've written two books. The first book is called You Were Worth Saving because I was concerned about everybody else and not me. And I was the one who became depleted. And a friend said to me on the back porch of a house in Seaside, Florida, "Stacy, you are worth saving." And I was in the hospital within two three days later because she said those words to me. The second book is called um The Boat That Wouldn't Sink. And it's a memoir and it comes from a picture that I had in my mind when I was a little girl that came from a painting that we had while um hanging on our wall that basically helped us get through when my dad made a tornado through the house and gone on to church to be able to minister to other people and we were a wreck. So that's what that book comes from. It's very specific. It tells what other people can do when they're doing life with someone that speaks into my life um or people similar to me and how they can validate that that person should still be here and not hide. It's a book that is neither one of my books are super long because people who read the books that we have to offer need an answer and they don't want to read something that is fiction for days and days before they can get to a little bit of hope and a little bit of help. people who read these books or people who also are going, can you just provide even a little bit of what you're thinking so that that way when I'm asking my son or daughter, that way when I'm asking my spouse if they can support me in any way, they have a clue how. So, um I do write on cutting. I It's not a how-to within these two books because um publishers have dropped me because I wouldn't go deeper into that. But there are dark sides people can go to and I won't want I don't want to be one of them. I want to provide hope in that way. And and so sometimes people don't like that when they've set offers us a book deal and they'll say, "Oh, you speak on cutting. You talk about cutting." I'm like, "Yeah, but it's not how to, it's what we've done in order to make it to the next step to the next morning." And then we also write for you version um Bible app. I don't know if you've seen that before. Absolutely. Um you've seen it, Michael. Good. It's a worldwide app and we write on mental illness. Um our plan is actually called um hope for those struggling with mental illness. It's that simple. So that that way people can just look up hope mental illness health and we'll pop up and um so we write for them and our plan has gotten even into China which is a closed country and it is spreading. How does that happen? word of mouth because you kind of get one shot to get into places like China. We um have gotten it translated into several languages. Korean has been the hardest. They said with our Korean plan that there are cuss words in it and we don't know how because we don't know how because the people that we offer, we pay people to translate for us. We want it in street language, not only classical language. We don't want people talking to us. that is the thouest. We want hey what's going on? And so that's what what we pay for the translation to happen. And so um we are in Portuguese, Spanish, English, Chinese, and we're just growing from there. And we have been invited to write many more plans with Uver. So if you would go on and look on your look up Bible app, Uver Bible app, and and search for those words for Doug and Stacy Gets and that pops up. But those are the things that we have to offer people. the speaking um being primary when I'm speaking to people and I see a nod even in corporate session se um the sector uh especially in that sector but also in churches and just different community groups when we see the the nods and the tears sometimes even with grown men that are finally feeling heard and they can identify with somebody that is going through it right now in a year now. It's all worth it. It's all worth it. Well, you're you're doing amazing things. You and your husband. Is there a specific place they can go to? I know you mentioned you version, but a website or something to to get some more information. Sure. On YouTube, we've just now started going live with our content. It's every Monday night CT, you know, standard time or Yeah. Central. Central Standard Time. Yeah. Sorry about that. CST CST. Uh we are there every Monday night at 7:00 live and we're new and we have already loved it. Then um everything else is speakout loud.mme and that's where you can find everything else. Our website has just been updated. We've had a website for a long time and um we keep it updated with what's going on. And now I do a video introduction to that so that you can see that I am a person who is going through this. And um so that's how that's how you can find us. Those are all of our speakout loud. Me and then I do want to clarify on YouTube. Sorry, Michael. Speakout loudme is YouTube. Speakout loudme. Everything else is the same. And we'll get all that in the show notes for those searching for it. The U version, you will not have a problem finding that. It is worldwide. So, it's first thing that pops an honor to be a part. It's absolutely that is a that is a big honor. So, well, you're a blessing to many, but I always ask, usually I'll ask, do you have any final words of wisdom or something that's applicable to every business owner, but do you have any words of wisdom for anyone? Just what is that? Yeah. I want you to know that no matter what your situation is, whether your business is sinking or swimming, that you are made for a purpose. And that if you want to ever know that purpose, just ask God to show you what that is. What do you love doing? What is something that you feel like you can pour into people, even a little bit? And people know when you love your job. People know when you um have that you are tuned into what they can do in order to be successful in their job under you, a team member, a teammate, anything like that. I also want to say that just because you are the head of a corporation, just because you are a head of a business, no matter what size it is, it does not mean you have to have it all together. that used to be the only way to present and now I feel like we have come a long way and we have a long way to go but you do not one of the most comfortable situations I'm in when it comes to me being with someone that we have hired um to be a part of our speak out loud team is when I say I don't know what to do in this situation would you please speak into this and let's formulate something together I'm going to have the final will say in it, but I need the people that I have around me are people who I know will represent speak out loud in the best way and that they will take it in and learn what we're really about so that that way when they're not with us they can represent us well. The other thing I would say is a lot of you who are listening may be at a point where you feel like you are just beat, you are just exhausted. And I want to I want to ask you if you'll do something with me that I have to do every single day. And that is to keep taking one step and then the next. Whether it be corporately, in your private life, whatever it may be, maybe both, to take one step and then the next. And just make the next right choice. Even if your step looks more like a shuffle, keep fighting and get up tomorrow and fight again. And I wouldn't ask you to do that with me if that would wasn't what my life looks like every single day. You are here for for a purpose on purpose and never we can't stay in that place of doubting that. Get around people who will reinforce that in your life. Co-workers, people in your family, people from your church, neighbors, whatever. Go to your safe people and keep walking this out. The suicide rate is off the charts. Let's keep it to where we can live in a place where we are choosing life regularly instead of having ideas that aren't lifegiving. Um, I would say those are some big things that can speak into your private life and also into your to your work life cuz those affect one another. When you walk in the house at night, if you live with people, they know how your day's been. They deserve for you to be getting your your help that you may need and they also deserve you deserve to get the help that you need in order to do that. Now, it's a strength, not a weakness. We have definitely turned the page on that. So, please know that that is okay and that you're going to be okay. You just got to keep making the next right choice. And by all means, ask God for help if you if you need it because my equation in my life is very simple. Without God, without his help, I'm not here. I've tried to do business. I've tried to do life. I've tried to walk it out on my own, and it does not work out for me. Amen. Well, it all starts with purpose. Stacy, God bless you and your husband. Thank you again for your time. You've helped a lot of people today. Well, thank you so much. It's been my privilege. Thank you, Michael, for inviting me. My pleasure. Thank you for listening to Small Business Pivots. This podcast is created and produced by my company, Boss. Our business is growing yours. Boss offers flexible business loans with business coaching support. Apply in minutes and get approved and funded in as little as 24 to 48 hours at business ownership.com. If you're enjoying this podcast, don't forget to hit the subscribe button and share it as well. If you need help growing your business, email me at michael@ichdorson.com. We'll see you next time on Small Business Pivots.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaeldmorrisonokc [1 likes]: Watch this Small Business Pivots episode with Stacee Goetzinger on YouTube—plus 375+ more business videos! Tune in here: https://www.youtube.com/@businessownershipsimplified
  2. @michaeldmorrisonokc [1 likes]: Listen to this episode with Stacee Goetzinger—plus 90+ more episodes of Small Business Pivots! Listen here: https://www.businessownershipsimplified.com/events/podcast

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @jankijain210: The remixing strategy from Meta Ad Library is pure gold. Such a practical approach to building a reliable ad framework🎯📊
  3. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  4. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  5. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  6. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  7. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  8. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  9. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  10. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  11. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  12. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  13. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  14. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  15. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  16. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  17. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  18. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  19. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  20. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.

- How To Lower Facebook Ads Cost Per Purchase in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en let me ask you a simple question are you overpaying to acquire a customer with Facebook ads if so you were not alone today I'll be breaking down a case study we recently had where we took a client from a $115 cost per conversion all the way down to a $55 cost per conversion they came to us with a target of a $70 cost per conversion and we were able to get it down even $15 cheaper than the target we need to scale this is all while spending over $2,000 a day on Facebook ads so with that being said let's dive into it so we first took over this account they had over 25 different active campaigns in the account so when we come into account and see all that the very first thing we have to understand is what is the objectives for this client this client had one objective and that was to promote one product in one country so we only needed one campaign for this particular client let's say for example they had five different countries then we would need five different campaigns to promote this product in each of those countries or let's say they had two completely different products and wanted to promote in those five countries we would literally need 10 different campaigns for that with this particular client we only needed one campaign for this one product when I start to break up all of these campaigns cign these campaigns were built using lookalike audiences interest they had some campaigns with bid cap some campaigns with cost cap some campaigns with retargeting I don't shame this particular client for doing all that uh they were in a position where they were struggling to get cper conversion down and they were literally throwing everything they could at the ad account this is a very common thing I see all the time and it actually hurts performance so now that we have our clear business objective set up up we went ahead and created a new campaign we created a sales campaign we turned off the little Advantage catalog and we turned on Advantage campaign budget we set that at $200 a day then we went to the adset level and we pretty much just left it as broad which is age gender location this particular product right here could go for any age any gender and we only had our one country which was USA now one key thing we did do was we did turn off Advantage audiences and we did switch to manual audiences and that's what we did because I personally prefer that I get better results with that than using Advantage Plus audiences now the next thing I did in that particular ad set was create six new ads and inside those six new ads I clicked use existing posts for each one then what I did was is I went look at the last 30 days of ads that were being ran on that account and I pulled the six highest spending ad creatives that were unique creatives in the account account and I pulled the post ID and I entered it into that use existing post box right there so I have six unique creatives in of that side that one campaign one adet that we just set up at $200 a day now the next step is actually shifting budget from this whole account down into this one campaign so the first thing I like to do in a scenario like this is I like to just go and look at the ad account and just first identify the clear campaigns with extremely high cost per conversion that we can start cutting off and taking that ads and just dumping it into that new campaign we set up and I'll generally start doing this about 7 days after launching this first campaign create it to optimize for a few days before we just start dumping a bunch of AD spin in and then what we did is we just keep repeating this process cutting off campaigns putting ad spin in I didn't want to just cut them all off at once and dump the budget in now that we have our single campaign set up and our basically our found ation for testing new creatives we started our creative creation process after successfully scaling multiple e-commerce Brands now to multiple seven figures a month we've identified a handful of AD angles that we can pretty much just repeat into all of our client accounts and have the highest probability of success with those clients in the first 30 days so the first thing we do is take those add angles and then we start going and doing the research we need to gather information to build out those angles for the client a lot of This research is going through reddits going through Tik Tok going through YouTube I want to go look at comments on the ads that were being ran I want to go to website reviews I want to look at competitors I want to go look at indirect competitors I want to go look at all of that and start gathering information based off a list of questions I like to ask myself when I work with any client or any new product uh during that research process once I've gathered all of this research I'll then go ahead and start building out these ad angles this is where I'm just doing the scripting part where I'm writing the hook and then I'm writing pretty much the story that goes with that hook if it's a video or if it's a photo ad I'm writing pretty much that hook for that photo of what goes on top of the photo and then I'm writing maybe a sub hook and then like maybe two or three bullet points on it and I'm basically just building out all of the app add plans here for each of these Concepts we want to test now an add concept for me is just an ad idea that's all it is if I have an idea for an ad that's an ad concept and I like to do one ad concept per ad set and then I'll load in either three videos or three photos now the difference between each of the three photos or each of the three videos in that particular adet is that they're all split by one variable a video I'm going to change the visual hook which is the visual you see in the first 3 seconds so each of the three videos will be the exact same script exact same text hook but just a different visual hook the photos will be the exact same hook exact same text on each one but just a different background on each one right there I'll then go and build out anywhere between 6 to 12 ad Concepts in the first round of launching new ads in a client account that we take on and then what we'll do is we'll go and send some of those ad Concepts to uh content creators I like to hire content creators on in.pr I'll also go client raw folder content so how much content they have already on hand and then I'll just start building out these creatives send them all over to my editing team they'll take some of the content creator footage we get and then file from the client and they'll build out all of these creatives we'll then go and launch our new ad sets and again we do one concept per ad sets I find that 3 to four ad Concepts a week is the best now after we launched all these creatives we did find a new winning ad for this account which further drove our cost per conversion all the way down to the $55 mark inside of this account now that we have a new winning ad creative and we're actually getting a cost per conversion literally $15 cheaper than what the client hired us to get now we're going to start scaling uh what I would say quote unquote aggressively which for me is simply just increasing by 20% a day this has just been the most consistent one that I've personally have liked and used the best our whole goal is to get this client to $1 million a month this is also where we're going to start looking at now more problem aware and unaware add angles where we're we're going further up the stages of Market awareness great video I have to watch is Advanced marketing strategy to scale to $1 million a month where I go over the five stages of Market awareness and how to actually apply those and write those different types of ads for your ad account and this is exactly now we lowered cost per conversion for this account uh from $115 to $55 with a target of $70 if you enjoyed this video make sure you hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and if you want me to hop in your ad account and run your Facebook ads for you you have to be making at least $100,000 a month and if you are then click link below to book a call with me and we'll hop on a call go over your account and see what's best for for you now if you maybe don't make 100K a month yet but you still want my advice and my uh basically strategies and stuff like that you can Appo in your account then click link below to have Nick Terio Mentor you where you can jump into my monthly mentoring program uh where I actually coach you directly thank you so much for watching my name is Nick Terio and I hope you have a great rest of yall day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @25ronniemac [3 likes]: You should really be outline the roas for these campaigns as it’s probably the most relevant metric for the business viewers. Roas is the king of
  2. @sinjoe6818 [2 likes]: Very good video - thank you very much. However, the question that bugs me is, once the sentiment shifts or even season changes, this whole process needs to be repeated, no?
  3. @Zoby2006 [2 likes]: Should we use cost cap if we don't want to spent high as brand wants roas like 6+
  4. @funkhyde [2 likes]: Hey Nick. Been following your Vids for past 6+ Months. 

Finally was able to get a winning ad after a lot of ups and downs. Took me a lot of patience and discipline to get to it. 

It practically pulled spend from every other adset on the 2nd day with amazing results. now its spending nearly 90% of the total budget. Just 1 flexible ad with 5 images 2 copies. 2 headlines. 1 description. 

Thanks a lot for your time. Even your Free Content is pure Gold 🙂
  5. @NickTheriot [1 likes]: 🏆 Have Nick Theriot Run Your Ads: https://www.theriotsolutions.com

💰 Have Nick Theriot Mentor You: https://theriotsolutions.com/innercircle
  6. @mohamednayeem2602 [1 likes]: what kind of products are they selling.. 1 Million a month?
  7. @uzairyameen5748 [1 likes]: what about if i am selling different articles of formal shoes then i need to make 1 CBO for ad account or different for each article?
  8. @emcrumpp [1 likes]: Hey Nick, we had a rough March with results on Meta but end of last week we had some good days (2.5-3 ROAS) and seemed like it was picking up again. However, since Sunday every day since has been a 1 ROAS overall with CPAs shot up and haven’t changed anything. What would you do in this situation? I don’t want to turn any campaigns off as they have been running for a VERY long time. Thanks as always for your help
  9. @dilarakaratas9178 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, my product is mostly for women, you still suggest all genders targeting? Or can i choose only woman?
Thanks
  10. @d3st1no [1 likes]: Hey Nick! You think is better to separate every creative inside 1 adset per ad? because of the reach you can have by this way? cuz im was going 1 year full broad 1 campaign inside 1 adset and like 40 - 50 ads, but i think i'm reaching the same people, i was thinking to switch to 1 adset per 1 ad and keep testing 1 - 10 ads a week, what u think?
  11. @DivineGarments-u8k [1 likes]: what if in maximum i got 37 in frecuency but i'm still gainning money? you think im leaving money on the table ?
  12. @ArieYag [1 likes]: If you have 5 countries that you target for example, you always create for each country separate campaign?
  13. @BebekSatu-s6l [1 likes]: Hi Nick, I got 2 questions: 1.) when you switched to original audience, did you set the interest, behaviour or demographic of the audience? 2.) when you found 1 winning ad inside the ad set level (which contain 6 ad) , did u turn off the less performing ad or you just leave it be?
  14. @maazibrahim4272 [1 likes]: Is Main Adset and copying all the winners into that still relevant in 2025?
  15. @nicolademassis [1 likes]: Hi Nick! do you have any resources with the list of ad angles you use in the first 30 days for clients?

Amazing content 🎁
  16. @BebekSatu-s6l [1 likes]: Hei nick, you scale daily by 20% increase in daily budget. From 200 bucks to 2000 bucks. Did the CPR stay the same?
  17. @NaveedSoomro-x7t [1 likes]: I'm launching a brand new ad campaign on Monday for my health and beauty product. I'm targeting the US market, and I'm a bit stuck on which objective to choose for testing. Should I go with the Sales Objective (website conversions) or the Traffic Objective with website conversions?
  18. @mahmoudh.6116 [1 likes]: Do you also look at CPC or ignore it? Like what if your cpc is always above $2/3
  19. @vladoliinyk5292 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, thanks for great content!

Q: Which tool do you use to split test your Landing pages? (Assuming, you are not testign landig pages by duplicating ads, but using smth to drive traffic from exact same ad to 2/3/4 varioations isntead.)
  20. @PorterFlinn [1 likes]: Hey Nick. If I'm on a new ad account with a $50 spending per day limit how many creatives max should I test with? Or does it not matter? For Example with $50 a day should I only stick to like 5 different creatives?

- Facebook Ads Rejected? Here's What to Do: Kind: captions Language: en - So your Facebook ad was disapproved annoying. Sometimes you don't even know why it was disapproved or you don't even know how to dispute it. In this video I'll show you everything you need to know about getting your ads re-approved and getting in contact with Facebook. (bright music) One key point with all of this is that Facebook is constantly changing and that includes how you dispute a disapproved ad. So I'm gonna give you several ways to connect and contact Facebook, and you will be able to choose one of these methods. Before you get started with your dispute you need to know a few key pieces of information. The first thing you need to do is look for obvious reasons why your ad may have been disapproved. Start by looking at the ad area and clicking on Edit on your disapproved ad. Facebook will often tell you exactly why it's disapproved in a general sense. But realize that sometimes that reason is wrong. For example, they may say that your ad has something to do with cryptocurrency and if that is completely wrong, you can quickly dispute that ad. If it's not obviously wrong, then you may wanna examine Facebook's ad policies and terms a little bit deeper. So some of the big restrictions are things like drugs, gambling, firearms those are big no-nos. But beyond that, some of the other restrictions that come into play are around housing, credit, employment and politics. One of the biggest reasons ads get disapproved is because of personal attributes. Facebook doesn't like you to call out specific attributes of the viewer. To use Facebook's example you can say meet Buddhist near you, but you can't say meet other Buddhists because that assumes that you are a Buddhist. It can be a fine line to walk and a little bit challenging when it comes to wording. Another option to get around this is to use things like testimonials or stories about some of your clients that allows you to describe the type of person that your product or service is a good fit for without specifically calling out personality traits. So if you did use personality traits incorrectly in your ad, what you'll wanna do is edit your ad and resubmit it. If you do need to dispute your ad, there are several ways you can do it let's dive in. The easiest way to request review is to go to the ad level of your campaign click Edit and then click on the Request Review button. If for some reason that isn't available to you or you've already requested a review, then your next step is to go to Facebook Business Help. You get to business help by going to business.facebook.com/business/help and that will get you right there. Now, once you're there the chat option may be available when you click Get Support. If it's not, you will have to submit an email request. In either case you need a few pieces of information about your disputed ad. Number one is the business account ID for your business manager. Number two is the ad ID for the specific ad that has been disapproved. Those two pieces of information will get you help faster. Beyond that what you need to tell Facebook is the reason why your ad was disapproved and the reason why you believe the ad complies with Facebook's policies and terms. It's a great idea to demonstrate to Facebook that you understand their terms and policies and can clearly articulate why your ad follows them. So once you have contacted Facebook through either a chat or the email support, you will be able to check on the progress of your request in your support inbox. To get to your support inbox the easiest way is to go to facebook.com/support. If you don't see the information in your support inbox, you may have follow-up in your Messenger. If you haven't heard from Facebook in a couple of days, it does help to follow back up with them to find out where your case is at. Sometimes people ask if they should delete disapproved ads. And I haven't found it to be a big problem but you may want to, to clean up your account. One of the other questions that comes up is about the marketing expert that you may have gotten a call or an email from. These people aren't directly employed by Facebook, but they can sometimes help you with account level issues. And finally, only Facebook can help with these issues. As much as we would love to there's nothing we can do. So contact Facebook directly, don't leave a comment about this below, but feel free to say something else instead. If you need more information about your ad account being disapproved, check out this video, or if you wanna learn more about Facebook advertising in general check out this playlist.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer [2 likes]: Level up your Facebook Ads in 2021! Watch our Facebook Ads Mastery Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57yXJ9j3KRQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_YuvXz1Ofzxe9los0Q_vPt2&index=3
  2. @truthseeker36 [1 likes]: My ad was accepted, then rejected a day later randomly. 🥴The most random part was it was rejected for personal health when it showed nothing about that. The categories isn't even close to health or speaks nothing about it. I been running the same ad in different parts of the world for almost 2 months and its been going smooth🤨yesterday, I decided to promoted the ad in my city then this happen. I think someone I knew that fraudulently reported it in hopes that it would get it taken down. I will request another review. 🙄
  3. @Jira_NYYU [1 likes]: Does this apply to IG? I keep trying to promote my videos but the reject it claiming tobacco use. All of my videos are talking baseball but they continually claim tobacco 🥴
  4. @rahavillagecooking7264 [1 likes]: Oo thank you so much for your video  📹
  5. @Rebirth1183 [1 likes]: How do you email Facebook business support? Because the live chat has been disabled
  6. @FootyFrenz2001: I have requested for review and they didn’t give me a reply for over three months now . I deleted the video on my page and it’s still showing the violation making my monetization in doubt . 😢please help me out on this
  7. @IansDrumsandBass: I tried to run an ad looking for musicians in my area and the ad got rejected - WTF???
Never again bye fb we don't need you, you need us. Plenty of other places to advertise.
  8. @thomasmosley9162: I’ve literally had a head shoot. And caption read. “Revisited old work” and I gotten rejected. Facebook is lame for that
  9. @peaceseekermayn: Great stuff !
  10. @Ta3m.Wy.Re7a: I don’t know why every time I submit the stream ads for review, and I waited like couple days, and I got the same message  to submit it again for review.again that happened more than 20 times
My page is illegible and a met all the requirement
  11. @chandra_re: Thanks, but something confusing me, last ads with same content already approved, after that i requested to promote again, it's rejected, so confusing
  12. @Bhupesh143: is there a way we can fact-check for FB ad policy before we run our ad? so we will eliminate the chances of getting ad account suspended?
  13. @aftandilmurselov4263: I got rejected always when posted my appliance repair service on marketplace. But there are a lot of appliance service ads on marketplace. And I tried a couple of times to contact to them without any success
  14. @mohamedattaf3424: thanck youuuuuuuuuuuu
  15. @rambomotivation4180: Mam plz make a video on how to run ads on medicine pharma field ads without getting disable
ओर
  16. @gsykitchen9547: thanks for your kind help.
  17. @1andrejj: I just got my ad for my newly created brand rejected for personal attributes and I’m kinda stuck now.
  18. @rafikhoceini1424: thx first tip and i already figued out what was wrong thanks a lot
  19. @ronishshakya5963: Any solution for "ad can't run update url" ? Already mentioned that i don't have website in page info 🤷🤷
  20. @Rebirth1183: How do run ads for a designer jewlery, like Pandora? What pictures can you use?

- Facebook Ads Disapproved?! AVOID this...: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys it's ben heath from lead guru and in this video i'm going to talk about something you should really avoid if you find that you're getting your facebook ads disapproved now before i get into that should i very quickly ask you to smash a like on this video and subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already okay so there are many different reasons why you can have your facebook ads disapproved it's something that most facebook advertisers will have to deal with very regularly and it is very frustrating and it may often seem like there's nothing you can do to help this scenario whatever you create an ad about it just gets disapproved i've certainly been there but it but it's not the case there are always things you can do to help prevent your ads from getting disproved no guarantees as i said there are other reasons other than what i'm about to talk about as to why your facebook ads might be disapproved but if you can avoid this big issue it should certainly help and that's personalization in your facebook ad copy either in the headline or in this case i'm going to use the primary text facebook really doesn't want you to sort of personalize copy or make anything seem too personal and too personal is by facebook standards not necessarily by what you might think so one thing to absolutely avoid is direct questions in your ad copy direct questions that are personal so you want to avoid things like are you or do you put them on different lines or have you so you don't want to say things like are you in the market for have you just gotten divorced or do you have certain medical condition all that stuff is an absolute no-no okay you really the word you should basically be avoided at all cost particularly within a question you can get away with things more things like um you know make sure you take advantage of the special offer is fine but you don't want to be asking are you do you have you there are some industries where this is even more important than others anything to do with medical um fairly understandably is very very sort of close to the wire and face is going to be very very hot on that and disapprove ads if they have enough questions um but in general even outside of that you're often going to run into things with this sort of stuff so first thing i'd say about getting personalization out of your ad copy is get rid of all of those it doesn't mean that you can't still ask questions so instead of saying things um how let's think of an example okay so instead of saying things like are you in the market for dot dot dot you can literally say things like in the market for dot dot dot and you know let's say it's a new home in the market for a new home that's far more likely to be approved than this version are you in the market for a new home makes almost no sense i know but remember when you're submitting your facebook ads for approval the first round is just to go through an algorithm it's not to have a person take a look at it and and that's a lot of what we're trying to avoid here is get past the algorithm because you can get past the algorithm you make yourself a lot easier so things like are you in the market for a new home um yeah that would be a perfect example of things we might just slightly change the wording to make the ad seem a lot less personal for things like you know if you had a medical condition um of some sort or you know in a medical condition that sounds quite big but even something fairly minor that people just want to fix like let's say you've got bad posture or something like that you don't want to say have you got bad posture instead you would want to focus more on the product itself so instead of saying have you got bad posture our product helps fix bad posture you could say things like well you basically get rid of that first part so you say um our product helps fix bad posture it has been shown to be successful in cases here's how it works so if you're talking about anything to do with sort of the body or or anything with a slight medical hint to it just focusing on your product or service is usually the way to go get out of talking about are you have you do you um trying to resonate with the prospect now i know that goes against best marketing practices because you want to ask questions and and sort of connect with an audience and um make sure that they know the product or services for them and that they have the issue you know aggravate old-school copywriting expertise is like aggravate the problem then provide a solution a lot of facebook you just can't aggravate the problem in a lot of cases it also doesn't so that's one thing to do if you anything medical or anything is slightly controversial is just focus on the product or service so you know if we think about the different strategies you can use here the first is make sure you get rid of are you have you do you all those sorts of things um just take those out so that's just quite a simple copy variation so instead of saying are you in the market for a new home you just say in the market for a new home and kind of a bit cleaner as well from a copyrighted standpoint the next is to focus more on your product or service and the benefit it brings so you know you don't have to focus on the features you can focus on the benefit of the product it all and this product will help improve your posture which will help relieve back pain yadda yadda make you appear more confident in front of others all this sort of stuff comes with good posture so that's uh that's another tactic is to really focus on your product or service and another thing to do and i think this is this is something that you don't want to miss out on because it's a really good copywriting technique and if you've seen my videos on facebook ad copywriting techniques you've probably seen this come across is use the call out method and ask your audience questions but in a way that would be acceptable so you can't say things like do you live in west london you know you could say do you live in west london if you do come check out my local restaurant but you could say west londoners okay you're basically saying the same things do you live in west london versus west londoners dot dot dot is a similar idea it's gonna grab people's attention who live in west london and that's the point right that's the point of what you're trying to do with the the opening eye on your copy and then you could still after this you could start the exact same thing so instead of saying do you live in west london come check out my awesome new restaurant you say western londoners come check out my awesome new restaurant so there have been ways there are ways you can say things in your this applies to both your primary text and your and your headlines that aren't as personal that's another example you can also identify people by things they're doing in their lives so things you could say things like uh getting married would probably go through but are you about are you getting married or have you recently got engaged they're not gonna like that you know i've used this one in the exact in the past where you could say like moving home question mark if you're a moving company or you know like something like that uh redecorating uh what how do i spell that redecorate it's hard to type in text at the same time hard to talk and type at the same time even redecorating you know uh need a new kitchen might get through much better chance of getting through than do you need a kitchen or do you want a new kitchen um it's also cleaner as well so hopefully you can see the sorts of things that i'm talking about you don't need to abandon like yes to some extent you want to focus on your product and service as opposed to as much on the prospect but you don't need to abandon anything that identifies with the prospect so things like west londoners moving um redecorating you know any either based on a life event or someone's location or something they're interested in you know you could have something like uh soccer fans you know if that's for your target market it's something a call-out method can still be applied and is a very effective facebook ad copywriting strategy so don't throw it out but you just need to change the wording on it the other thing i want to mention around that when it comes to making your facebook ad copy less personalized which is going to help you get your facebook ads approved and help prevent them get disapproved is you can't do that sort of identification call out method with all things so it's perfectly fine to say things like soccer fans dot dot dot but if you try to say something like uh bring that up if you try to do something like republicans or democrats or some sort of political affiliation yeah that's not likely to work as well okay that's not going to your farm would like to get it disapproved because politics is obviously much more of a controversial topic right and same with anything to do with like someone's background or ethnicity um you can you can identify your target audience or the callout method based on what they're interested in but not based on anything that's even slightly controversial so nothing medical stay away from anything political religious um unless of course you you know you absolutely have to because it's around what you sell and yeah anything to do with someone's ethnicity all those sorts of things are are pretty difficult finances even you know you couldn't re i'd be very surprised if you could get you know low income income earners um through you know it's just not really going to work but someone who's interested in cars you know if you put car enthusiasts um that's going to be fine so with this you have to be a bit smart about it just think like water face facebook don't want ads that are controversial they don't so what can you avoid to make your ads seem less controversial they also really don't want ads that are have too much personalization as you've been over the are you do you have you i think facebook recently has been giving less reasons as to why your facebook ads have been disapproved so previously they would be better off at saying your ad has been disapproved for this following policy violation they're getting less and less good at providing that detail which is annoying and i think this is one that when people sort of send me ads you know say this has been disapproved wine and so take a look at it i think often i'm telling people your copy is too personalized and it's just something the algorithm can easily pick up on and that's likely to um to lead to issues okay so i think this is a relatively quick and easy tip but something to take out your facebook ads if you find that your facebook ads get disapproved try and add copy variation that has no personalization in it focuses more on your product or service get take all the use out of the not the users in the letter but the you use out of your copy and just see i wouldn't be surprised if it goes through and actually works okay now hopefully that video has been useful if it has please comment below and let me know please uh subscribe to my channel if you're new and haven't done so already before you go a couple of three things i want to mention the first is my facebook ads mastermind group which is a free facebook group that um that i've created that has as of the recording in this video 72 000 members an amazing community one of the biggest communities of facebook advertisers in the world it's full of people just like you that want to get better results with facebook ads and they're asking questions getting them answered very often i do free live trainings in the group fantastic place to be if that sounds like something you want to be part of go ahead and join it's completely free to do so link is in the video description below another thing i want to mention is a free webinar i've created called three killer facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue and in this webinar i break down three different sales funnels that you can use to help improve the results you're currently getting from facebook ads these are three sales funnels we use all the time as an agency very much trying tested they work really well and i sort of break them all down into detail so i strongly recommend you go through that webinar again link will be in the video description completely free to watch and i'd recommend you do so as i said if this video has been useful please give it a thumbs up please um subscribe to my channel if you're new and comment below if you've got any questions i can't answer them all but i do see them all and i do get to as many as i can so um so yeah get involved thanks a lot guys talk to you soon bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [6 likes]: Thanks for watching guys! Let me know what you think in the comments :)
  2. @tcurdt [1 likes]: Great input. This is rather absurd though.
What is the reason for these restrictions?
  3. @NbaLive4ever [1 likes]: Attention people with the name Ben Heath!

Great workaround. Thank you!
  4. @DiaParks: Its really Ridiculous. I just wont bother anymore.
  5. @coreyedmonds: Thank you Ben! Changed my copy up and BOOM🎉 

Spent 3 days figuring this out 😂
  6. @Paul-yk7ds: So helpful. Thank you!
  7. @kristinlindgren8401: Great!  Thank you!   Help - I do body sculpting, even the process pictures can get flagged, LOL
  8. @silvakko: Thank you for the tips! This is so useful!
  9. @brendenstein3285: Thank you
  10. @Miltonbosss: Idk if you still reply to the channel but my Facebook ads got taken down. 2 out of 3. The only difference in the ones that got taken down were the captions i put in the video that said “instantly fix pup crazies!” And the other said “tame pup crazies” with a following line of “reduce anxiety and stress to create a happier home for your dog” any tips ?
  11. @abigailmensah1138: Hello Ben, How do I accept non discrimination policy on Facebook?
  12. @selvel-in: Lol dude it doesn't work that way🤣🤣dont make ***shi**t out of the people
  13. @leonilsson9310: Extremely clear video. Easy to understand. Liked.
  14. @peaceseekermayn: This is gold, like most of your stuff ❤
  15. @mathisbeaudoin7961: I get : Third party infraction, i don't understand why, i have no compagny name in my content.. Am i the only one ?
  16. @lill3885: I am new to Facebook ads and you literally explained why my ad was rejected in the first 2 minutes 😅, Thank you for posting such a useful video.
  17. @Frequently1: Hey Ben, have you or any of your clients ever dealt with Ad rejections for no reason? Happened with my last 2 campaigns, but I have 3 creatives in 12 adsets (For a total of 36 duplicates of 3 ads to approve). 32 of them were approved, while 4 were rejected with the reason: "URL contains adult products or services". There are no indecent images on my website nor are there anything close to adult products on my website. I contacted meta support pros on the last campaign, and spoke with them 3 times, they said your URL does not violate the policy, it was an error, they manually approved them and said it wouldn't happen again.

Seems like im stuck in a loop of auto rejection from the automated system. Have you ever dealt with anything like this / have any suggestions to fix this?

Thanks for your time and content Ben!
  18. @laylarahman11: So glad I clicked on this video.
  19. @tomday_td: Great video Ben, helped a lot!
  20. @Annaloganriversby: What about this Subcategory that needs to be filled in? Its a total "add error" and "Add rejection" on Discriminatory practices pain in the axx...When running a ad for live event and that appears, and doesn't have any resemblance of the requirements for "employment, etc...?

- Facebook Advertising Policies 2023 | Avoid Facebook Ads Disapproval | Facebook Ad Account Disabled 🚫: Kind: captions Language: en Whenever we turn on Facebook ad campaigning, most of the time our ad gets blocked. The biggest reason for this is that we do not know the reason for which our advertising fee has been incurred. Facebook, the Facebook ad company, already has its advertising privacy policy. If we know and understand its details, then if we do not create that type of campaign, then it is possible that there is 85-90% chance that our campaign will not be blocked. If we create our ad keeping this in mind, then our hard work will go back because if we have knowledge about what to do with our medical, then we can save a lot of time for our Orange Star waiting list, which if our account keeps getting blocked for 10 minutes, then it becomes very bad and consumes a lot of time, so it is very important to do it on time and if you are doing education, then it is very important to take care of the policy in advance and for that So, it is important for us to have knowledge about it. In this video, we will see the privacy and policy of Facebook regarding advertising. It will be a short video but you will get a lot of information from it. So let's see what is Facebook's [Music]. So, we will open google.com i.e. Google search engine and search facebook.com / policy / ads. I will give its link in the description box so that you do not have to type so much. A website will open transparency.fb.com. Once you match the URL, you will see Facebook's privacy policy regarding advertising and I will also give you its link in the description box so that many things will become easier for you. You might think that what will I do by watching this video, what does it mean, it will be a wasting of time. So, I would recommend you to definitely watch this video so that your ad gets stuck and you keep chasing it for a minute. So, it would be better if you watch this 6 to 7 minute video, you will save a week or a month. This time I was scrolling back to the overview. You can consider it as an index, advertising standards, and we can describe all these things in a way. Okay, so on the right side you have the index and on the left side you have the overview. So whatever type of ad you are running, from like politics to community stand on acceptable content, all these things have been described and explained here as well. That is, the common point of confusion is this, see if you take out 10-15 minutes and read this once, whether it is the privacy policy or the advertisements of Facebook, and you get an idea that your account gets re-re ... Many countries have different restrictions, India has different, Pakistan has different, China has different, so they also have to maintain their privacy policy after looking at everything, so they have made their own documentation accordingly, we will have to read it, there are not many processes and sometimes if we see then what are the procedures for it, due to which your ad gets stuck in the reviews and does not come out, it is written in big, no country on acceptable content, some of the content like politics or religion, that is, religion etc., often these things happen, then you people go for it, then it gets restricted, there is no 18 plus content and you are showing it to people below 18, that is, it does not come out of the review itself, but no object, that means Facebook has an objection to it, I have an objection to such content like date no scrolling, there are many things, now I want to explain some important things which are I am trying to explain content specific restrictions. There are some content restrictions. Like in most of the cases, I will take the example of affiliate marketing in which we are running from Instagram, unframe Instagram and our address gets created or it does not come out of it. This is a live example for you if you do affiliate marketing. Stay tuned to the video, just two to three minutes are left and you will get a lot of information related to advertising policy. No, scrolling further, we will go ahead and discuss content specific restrictions and intellectual property in this fragment. Okay, let's continue. Specific restrictions are explained. Intellectual property means there are some things which are not ours, like introduction property is ours, you are my property, that is, I have some content, if you are running ads on it, then it is related to that too. Some people do this in format specific policies, non-personal learning pages and videos and see what happens, many times we add pixels etc. in Facebook, then the learning page gets retired in the learning page nowadays. What happened, earlier our website used to run on STP, but it is not running on STP, you need a certificate which is verified, that is, it is a seeker, website privacy policy and ads used to run properly on this website, your ad will get blocked, you will think what is the reason, friend, I followed everything, still but this is a small mistake and I recently made this good Google ad, speaker, so our website should be in HTTPS, okay, if you have not subscribed to your channel then friend please subscribe, do not miss it, you can see in our subscription, very good videos, everything is informative, I do not make videos in time wasting, now I make only those videos so that you can get information and that too in less time, so if you are facing any problem with Facebook ad campaign or are running any specific ad campaign, in audience targeting or in location, if you are facing any problem or Facebook has become blocked, then regarding that also you can message me on Instagram, my Instagram ID is marketing dot priti, you can message me there You can find the link in the description box. I will meet you in the next video, till then goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @satyendrasatyam07 [1 likes]: Very very nice information ❤
  2. @sayeedkhan8116: Facebook ads run karne ke liye account kitni purani honi chahiye... Aur jis page ke liye ad run kar rahe hain wo page kitna purani honi chahiye

- How To Design Eye-Catching Facebook Ads In Canva (2026 Easy Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how to design eye-catching Facebook ads in Canva that actually grab attention, stop the scroll, and help you get more clicks and conversions. Whether you're promoting a product, a service, or your business, this step-by-step guide will help you create professionallook ads, even if you're a complete beginner. Make sure to watch until the end because I'll also show you the best export settings for maximum quality. And if you find this helpful, don't forget to like this video and subscribe to the channel for more Canva and digital marketing tutorials. Let's get started. Step one is starting with the right size. This is extremely important because Facebook ads must be sized correctly to avoid awkward cropping or losing important text. Open Canva and click on create a design. For most ads, I recommend using 1080x 1080 pixels, which is the square format. This performs really well in feeds. You can also choose 1080x350 pixels for a vertical layout, which takes up more screen space on mobile. If you prefer a horizontal layout, choose 1200x 628 pixels. You can also simply type Facebook ad into the search bar in Canva and it will show you optimized formats instantly. Next, pick a high converting template. Using a template saves you a huge amount of time and gives you a professionally designed layout with balanced spacing, strong typography, and effective color combinations. Once your blank canvas is open, click on templates in the left panel. In the search bar, try terms like Facebook ad, sale ad, restaurant ad, real estate ad, or business promo, depending on your niche. Browse through the options and click on a template you like. It will instantly apply to your canvas. And now you have a solid starting point. Now, let's replace the images with your own. Every great Facebook ad needs a strong visual. Highquality images build trust and grab attention immediately. To replace the template image, simply drag and drop your own image directly onto the existing photo. Canva will automatically swap it into the frame. You can double click the image to adjust the crop and positioning. Make sure your product or subject is clearly visible and not cut off. Next, update the text with a clear hook. Facebook ads perform best with short, punchy text. Avoid long paragraphs. Focus on a 3 to five word headline, a short supporting subheading, and a clear call to action. For example, you could write flash sale 50% off today or new collection out now. Make sure your headline is bold and easy to read, even on a small phone screen. Keep contrast high between your text and background so it stands out immediately. After that, apply your brand color palette. Consistency builds brand recognition. In Canva, go to styles and then color palettes to experiment with different combinations. If you have Canva Pro, you can use the brand kit to instantly apply your brand colors and fonts. Try to stick to two or three main colors to keep your design clean and professional. Now, let's add visual attention grabbers, but use them sparingly. Too many elements can make your ad look cluttered and may even get rejected. Go to elements and search for things like arrow, gradient circle, or sticker sale. You can also add simple shapes to highlight pricing or special offers. The key is to guide the viewer's eye towards your main message or call to action without overwhelming the design. Speaking of call to action, let's create a clear CTA button. Canva doesn't have clickable buttons for Facebook ads, but you can design one visually. Go to elements, add a rectangle or rounded box shape, and place it near the bottom of your ad. Then add text like shop now, sign up, learn more, or order today. Use high contrast colors, for example, white text on a dark background so the button stands out clearly. Finally, export with the best settings. Click on share, then download. For most ads, choose PNG in high quality for a sharp, crisp image. If you created an animated ad, choose MP4 format instead. Make sure the resolution is set to high quality before downloading. And that's it. You now know how to design eye-catching Facebook ads in Canvas step by step. With the right size, strong visuals, clear text, brand colors, and a bold call to action. You can create ads that look professional and drive results. If this tutorial helped you, make sure to like this video and subscribe to the channel for more Canva tips, design tutorials, and marketing guides. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

- How to Create Eye-Catching Facebook Animated Video Ads in Canva (Easy Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en today I'm going to show you how to make this animated video in Cana go to videos and open new video project we are going to use this three elements decrease the size of this one and rotate this one like this and rotate another one in the other side go to share download PNG transparent background and increase the size download upload it delete this elements add new text let's change the background color to Black and type the text of this elements let's start with chocolate let's change the F to fi found and make space between all of them in increase the size and download as well as PNG with transparent background and increase the size upload it go to Res size and Magic switch and type Facebook video choose this one to make a square video resize this design delete this text and change the background color let's choose the first color and drag this image to the design size make it in the middle and drag the text as well rotate it and increase this size go to layers show layers and make it behind the image go to elements and type B Graphics let's choose this one increase the size a little bit and send backward duplicate click in the image and rotate it and go to layers choose the bouet element and rotate in the other side go to text and drag it down click in the background color and change the color duplicate make the same technique rotate like this go to layers and choose the B rotate from the left to the right change the background color go to LS again and move the text let's make just two seconds apply to all pages add transition March and move increase the duration apply between all pages and here's the final results I hope you like this tutorial subscribe to the channel to learn more about C

  Top Comments:
  1. @anjanmk [3 likes]: Missed watching your video when it came out; was caught up with a few things. But wow, what creativity! You never compromise on the quality of your content. Every time, I find myself at a loss for words to express my appreciation. Though you’ve done similar videos before, they always feel as fresh and captivating as the first time!
  2. @InnovationEngg [2 likes]: Cool 🎉🎉🎉
  3. @jackeld.675 [2 likes]: Thanks webon!! I'm about to approach my first cafe to offer instagram management.  Wish me luck!! Your videos help ALOT
  4. @bj.3980 [2 likes]: Simple yet detailed, thank you!
  5. @KhaniJani-yj1nf [2 likes]: How can we earn money from these videos please let me know
  6. @vanyou2269 [1 likes]: 💯💯💯💃💃
  7. @AtiyaSohail-e1y [1 likes]: Creative
  8. @Diwealthgd [1 likes]: Please how do we add background music 🎶?
  9. @imeneaj7263 [1 likes]: Thank you
  10. @bekeerealestate [1 likes]: Absolutely lovely ❤.  Thank you so much.  Am learning and getting better everyday.
  11. @SKMRify [1 likes]: Thanks.
  12. @podstart1 [1 likes]: Pls try to make videos tutoriels without canva pro pls 
I start following your steps but when you did the PRO step im stuck now 😕
  13. @wisequotesandpoems [1 likes]: Sir. wow. Is this possible by canva free sir??
  14. @rbdproduction7463 [1 likes]: Sir can you please make kids clothing product animation video for Instagram ad
  15. @LorraineCastellon-Rowe [1 likes]: Fantastic!! Excellent tutorial!! Thank you!!!
  16. @enerrene2612: Excelente.
  17. @Ruth0r: תודה רבה רבה.
ההדרכות שלך משובחות
וקלות להבנה.💜
  18. @i-Consume-Only-Useful-Content: How to edit like Ai revolution channel in canva I know he uses premiere pro but if it's possible in canva
  19. @TahaAli-ld6ow: Moving water splash animation plz 🥲 around the product
  20. @UmarMyname: This awesome really but I'm looking for an effect without rotation and appears within one frame can you?

- FB Ad Design || Creating Eye-Catching Ad Designs: Tips, Tricks, and Tools for Success: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] one the

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  9. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  10. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  12. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  13. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  14. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  15. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  16. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  17. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  18. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  19. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)
  20. @MarriageHabits: Based on the video transcript, here's a complete implementation plan:
Campaign Structure Setup
Step 1: Create Two Campaigns

Set up Campaign #1: Label it "Scaling Campaign"
Set up Campaign #2: Label it "Testing Campaign"
These two campaigns form the foundation of the entire strategy

Step 2: Configure Ad Sets

Create one ad set per campaign (total of 2 ad sets)
Use the same targeting for both ad sets
Use open targeting or very broad targeting (mixing cold and warm audiences)
Only segment by location if needed, not by interests or audience temperature

Step 3: Set Budget Allocation

If results are good/profitable: Allocate 80% to Scaling Campaign, 20% to Testing Campaign
If results are poor/unprofitable: Allocate more budget to Testing Campaign to find winners faster
Adjust the split based on performance

Creative Strategy: Working with Influencers
Step 4: Access Creator Marketplace

Go to Meta Ads Manager
Click "All Tools"
Scroll to "Engage Audience" section
Select "Creator Marketplace"

Step 5: Find Relevant Creators

Search using keywords related to your niche
Look for creators whose audience matches your target market
Focus on niche-specific influencers (don't need celebrity-level creators)

Step 6: Create Your Deliverables Request
Ask each creator/influencer to produce:

2 full video ads promoting your product/service
10 different hooks (first 3 seconds with different opening lines and backgrounds)

This gives you 20 total ad variations (10 hooks × 2 full ads)
Step 7: Brief the Creator

Give them flexibility in how they promote your product
Provide guidelines but let them use their authentic voice
Emphasize that hooks should have visually different backgrounds
Mention you'll be running these as paid ads (free exposure for them)

Implementation and Testing
Step 8: Load Ads into Testing Campaign

Upload all 20 ad variations to your Testing Campaign
Let Meta spend budget testing these new creatives
Monitor which hooks and ads perform best

Step 9: Move Winners to Scaling Campaign

Identify top-performing ads from Testing Campaign
Move winning ads to Scaling Campaign
Increase budget on Scaling Campaign when you have strong performers

Step 10: Continuous Testing Cycle

Keep Testing Campaign running with new creative variations
Work with multiple creators if budget allows
Replace fatigued ads in Scaling Campaign with new winners from Testing
Request new hook variations for winning ads to extend their lifespan

Key Success Factors

The first 3 seconds (hook) is the most critical part
Different hooks make each ad unique to 95%+ of viewers
Creators are incentivized to produce quality work
This strategy scales creative testing without becoming a full-time video creator yourself

This structure allows you to benefit from winning ads while continuously discovering new high-performers.

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- How To Optimize Facebook Ads in 2025 (LIVE ACCOUNT WALKTHROUGH): Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, got a few requests. Basically just asking for kind of an updated guide of like going through an ad account and stuff in terms of like optimizations regarding budgets, turning off things, all of those good things like that. So, I'm just going to pop open an ad account real quick. It's an account that we've been scaling over the last couple days. And I'm just going to kind of treat it like, hey, this is kind of the first day or first time I look at the account. Now, let's go ahead and do some optimizations to this account. So for this particular account right here, uh we pretty much have one two main products we're scaling right now and then we have like some product testing on the side and you know landing page, all that good stuff. But I'm just going to primary put my focus right here to this particular campaign. Um first thing that I'm looking at when I'm opening up an ad account is just kind of how performance is going. And I specifically like to look at yesterday. Now, in this particular case right here, this particular client wants a 3x or higher for return on ad spend. He doesn't care about NCPA or CPA or any of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, this particular client's just, hey, 3x rowass or higher, and they're good with scaling. So, for me, yesterday, cool, we're at a 3x rorowass. I'm going to go just literally click on uh the budget right here. Or honestly, what I like to do is just go right here, campaign budget. I'm going to increase the daily budget and I'm going to increase that by 20%. And I'm just going to hit publish on that. And boom, there we go. Now, to be fair here, since this account is doing well, we're doing above our target. I'm honestly not going to do anything else. Like, I would literally exit out of this and be done for the day because there's nothing I need to do here. Like, yeah, I could go turn off an ad technically and see if there's an ad that's like, you know, hurting performance, but overall is doing really good right now. So, why would I want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up something that's going really well and even looking at today's data, we're already doing better than yesterday. So, for me, there's nothing I need to do here. Now, let's say maybe performance is declining or maybe we're not really doing solid on this account right now. Well, then I'll click on campaign right here. And then the first thing I like to do is look at yesterday. Um, sort by amount spent. And I also like to look at yesterday just to see if there's anything new that's starting to gain overall spend. Um, but for the majority, I like looking at the last seven days right here. Now, you'll notice I also like to use performance and clicks. Um, that's kind of the column I just been using because to be fair, all I care about is cost per purchase. And it also allows me to see other things like frequency and cost per click. Um, right here. So, this particular case right here, I'm looking the last seven days. And what I like to do, I always make sure I click on amount spent where it sorts everything from top down. And you'll notice I have a bunch of adsets active right now. And that's perfectly fine. Um, but what I want to look for first is what is hurting performance. So, ideally, you want to see is you want to see this cost per purchase of $25 right here. You want to see everything below this being cheaper than the highest spending one. So, like for example, this is 25. I want to see everything lower than that. um you know basically lower that in spin have a lower cost per purchase. So if I look down right here 25 22 23 16 17 16 24 22 16 oh $27. So, because it has a $27 cost per purchase, um, it has a, you know, it's actually, it's not necessarily hurting performance, but it's like, all right, hey, like this is likely not really going to scale this account. Um, and in that particular case, the next question I like to ask myself, has it spent at least 1x my AOV? A ob for this particular account right here is roughly I don't know um $56. So yeah, it has. So I'm just going to turn that off. Cool. So now all of our ads are good here. I don't need to do anything else. Um, we also have been going back and forth with this as well where we're turning off ads that don't get spin after 7 days. Um, originally I was extremely far this because it reduced the amount of complications you had to like worry about. But what I'm starting to notice is that for ads that didn't get spin in the last 7 days, if you leave them on, what'll happen is it'll be like a bucket with a very slow leak in it. And it' be like ads that are spending like, you know, like $9 every week and then you see it and you look at it as a long-term window. It's like, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this had spent $9 every week for the last 10 weeks. It spent $90. Now it's at a cost per purchase. But it just it doesn't look bad because the last seven days right there. Um, so ideally I want to look at the last seven days and you know, I'm not worried about like I'm not going to turn this off right here. like, yes, it's didn't spend a lot, but it's getting pretty consistent purchases. Um, pretty much all of these are getting pretty consistent purchases, even though they're not overall spenders. Um, and yeah, like there's no reason for me to turn those off right there. Uh, the only reason why I turn this one off is cuz it's getting some sales, but has a much higher cost purchase than my highest spending ad set right here. Now, next thing is, okay, what if performance is down? Cost purchase is really bad. Um, obviously the next thing I'd be looking at is, okay, what's the highest, like what's the gap between this highest spending one right here and the two or three down here. So, for example, if you notice right here is a $25 cost per purchase. Let's say if this was like a 22 or like let's just say this was $5, this was $10, this is $15, like sub like a huge gap between these costs for purchases and the ad spend was like even like more than this, it'd be like, okay, cool. It' be clear to like turn these off. But like, for example, the other day I got on a call with one of the one-on-one students and like they had like a I don't know, like a $50 cost per purchase right here and then they had like a $5 and a $10 cost per purchase. But then when you looked at their ads, it had like $5 in spend, $10 in spend, and then like $1,000 in spend. So like it wouldn't make sense in that particular scenario right there um to turn it off in that sense. So um yeah, I mean that's it right there. That's all the adjustments I'm doing. Um, if I were to turn off something like a top spender like this, just record it in your ME sheet, test it out for about two to three days, and then see if performance increases or decreases. If performance gets worse when you turn off a top spender, then that means turn turn it back on. It's very simple. Um, if performance gets better, then cool, leave it off. Now, last thing, just to give youall some context of what we've been doing for uploading ads. Um for us lately we have been starting experiment more with just single ads. Um instead of uploading a bunch at once or like uh instead of doing flexible we have been experimenting with uploading single ads and then we're just uploading two different uh primary text. So primary text one, primary text two um and then primary text one, primary text 2. And then that way we can start to see uh what creative works and all of those good things right there. Um so let me just go back to this. There we go. Um but yeah, so just to keep things, you know, let's see. Let me go back to this one. So yeah, so just going to show y'all like what we're doing in that sense. And I think you can also do a breakdown on here. Let me go to text. There we go. Well, maybe not. you can't. Um, but yeah, so you can't necessarily see it. But yeah, I mean, that's it. That's all we're doing. We're keeping things simple. Scaling, how to launch new ads, when to turn ads off, um, when to turn testing adsets off. Uh, yeah, I mean, I think the only thing else here would just be like creative stuff, but yeah, hopefully it gives you a good little update of just kind of what we're doing. As far as frequency, like I said, you can scale this 20% every day. as far as like coming in here and doing this like last 7-day window. Um, you could do this every day. Nothing wrong with that. Um, just try not to like overly optimize in the sense of like, you know, I wouldn't want to come in here and turn off like five adsets at once. Um, unless they're all like five assets that's not getting like any spin or anything like that. Um, and then the other thing here is for the um, let's see, what's the other one? launching new ads. For launching new ads, we like to just kind of pick like a one day a week where like we come in and we tweak those new ads um or one day a week we launch everything and then that way it's easier just from like a systemization perspective to where we know, hey, every day on this particular or every uh week on this particular day, that's when we're launching our new ads to where they get a full seven days to test. And that's it. Keep it simple.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickTheriot [4 likes]: Sorry for no camera on this video, this was a private training I did for my inner circle students. Been sick last couple of days and haven't been able to film. Good news, starting to feel better and will be back next week! 

🏆 Have Nick Theriot Run Your Ads: https://www.theriotsolutions.com

💰 Have Nick Theriot Mentor You: https://theriotsolutions.com/innercircle
  2. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849 [3 likes]: I run an online furniture boutique (selling tables, mirrors, buffets, desks, etc.) and I’d like to get some advice on campaign structure.

1. Campaign per product category?
Is it better to create one campaign per category (e.g., one for mirrors, one for tables, one for desks), or should I gather all products into one campaign?

2. Dynamic catalog vs. single image/video?
For each category, should I separate dynamic catalog carousel ads from single image/video ads into different campaigns? Or is it better to keep them together in the same campaign?

3. Best practice overall? Would you recommend:
• One campaign per category, each containing all ad types (image, video, catalog), OR
• One campaign per category with separate setups (e.g., one for catalog, one for image/video), OR
• A single campaign for all products, mixing all ad types?

I’d love to hear what works best in your experience....
  3. @ever_party [2 likes]: What's your recommended testing structure? # of creatives, # of assets, daily budget, length of time before you make any adjustments?
  4. @brandonjnoble [2 likes]: Hi Nick, I have lots of creatives 100+ but starting from a low $100 budget, should I only start with a small amount of ad sets if so how many on $100 spend? (1 ad per ad set)? Is it okay to turn on 30-50 ad sets on or would you just recommend starting with 10-15 ad sets then turn on more to test once budget increases? Thanks man
  5. @adsbymuteeb [1 likes]: what if the highest spending adset / add is below the break-even ? turn it off even though it's spending more  than everything  else ?
  6. @aeel_yf2498 [1 likes]: Hey nick do yu also run tiktok ads for getting more sales on yur bzn and yur clients?
  7. @Sdeboer22 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, I have a question. Right now i have like 5 adsets and my average cpa is 23 dollar, with my top spender 22 dollar. But i have my 3rd top spending adset at 30 dollar thats spending 25% this week of my budget. The overall performance of the campaign is pretty stable and good so i dont want to touch it yet really. What would you do in this situation? and when would you change something?
  8. @pauseandbelieve [1 likes]: awesome. do you have a video like this, but for lead ad campaigns? thank you
  9. @MahmoudHassan-g2y [1 likes]: Hi Nick 
When I should optimize my CBO campaigns .. Daily or each 3 Days ? And why ?
Thank you for the great content ❤
  10. @yassineabderrahim5110 [1 likes]: in other vidoes you mention that you never take decisions based on 1 day's performance, when scaling you check last 3 days, yet in this one you scaled only looking at yesterday's performance. is that how you go about it nowadays ?
  11. @TheMusicalWebb [1 likes]: Hey again! 2 questions:

1. Are there exceptions where you restrict age groups, for example when your customer avatar is younger but the ad is pushing a lot of spend to older audience that has much worse CPA?

2. Does it matter if someone purchases a core offer and order bump but those are counted as 2 separate purchases in Facebook?
  12. @pedrosierra4962 [1 likes]: Hey Nick love coming back to this video to refresh, is engagement a big factor to consider when turning off ad sets? (not top spenders) thanks! 🙏🏼
  13. @Julian-sn9vc [1 likes]: Hello Nick, lets say I have got 3 visual hook variations. Would you launch them all individually as a single ad, at the same time? 

Thank you very much for your work!
  14. @peterm7693 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, great video. What is the difference with each adset, is it a different demographic per adset? So then each adset has its own creatives that you keep testing?
  15. @stazzy5826 [1 likes]: I was wondering, i always run ABO. So i can fully test if my new creatives work or not and get the full spend to see if it works. But what happens in a CBO with testing new ads/ creatives? Imagine having one good ad in your CBO thats spending lets say 1k. Do you just throw in another creative to keep scaling or do you then create a new CBO in order to not mess with the winning ad?
  16. @slicknicke7940 [1 likes]: If one adset get 95% of spend but has been unprofitable for last 3 days, do I pause it for others to get a chance? CPC and CTR just getting better and better but the conversions is slowly reducing on this winning adset
  17. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: You will always just add max 3 ads per ad set when you are adding new ones per week? Thanks. Feel better!
  18. @khushbinderdhiman [1 likes]: Kindly explain and differentiate following terms 

Business portfolio
Business manager
Business account
Ad account
Ad manager
  19. @emcrumpp [1 likes]: If you’re reading this, listen to what Nick teaches! I was running the 1 CBO structure for a long time, and was getting frustrated with the lack of spend on new tests, so I moved to an ABO testing structure and trust me, Facebook knows what to spend on. The method, and process Nick teaches in terms of structure and creative new creatives is the best out there. Thanks Nick!
  20. @mccallumlucinda: Wow, this video really helped me figure out handling multiple social media pages, a friend said dic loak might make it easier, anyone tried?

- Facebook Ad Tips: How To Optimize Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not optimizing your ads you're wasting money and you're losing out on the power of facebook advertising let me show you how to optimize i've got a few tricks that i've learned over the years and some hacks to help you accelerate your ad launches you may not have heard of some of these before so stick around until the end let's get started [Music] hi i'm morgan digital marketing professional here at life marketing today i'm bringing you facebook ads optimization updated for 2021. optimizing ads is an essential part of any healthy successful advertising campaign it's a super important skill and it's one that can take a lot of time and a lot of trial and error to master but that's why i'm here i want to help you cut to the front of the line so that you don't have to go through all that pain and suffering like i did in today's video i'm going to cover what to optimize for and how and i'm going to go over some facebook hacks or lesser-known tactics that you can use to give your ads a boost when you first launch but a word of warning before you get started okay that was a little dramatic but a small word of caution don't get so focused on optimization that you over edit your ads when making edits to your campaigns it takes facebook between 24 and 48 hours to adjust to the changes and start delivering normally again sometimes you can stay in this learning phase for even longer you need to let the ads sit and not make any changes and more importantly not make any conclusions about how they're performing for a few days let's look at what you should optimize for the first is optimize ad schedule this is the time of day and the day of the week that your ads are showing the second thing you want to optimize for is creative combinations this helps you avoid advocating and get a lower cpa which is a cost per action you also want to optimize your ad placements so that you stop showing ads in places where no one is clicking them and the fourth is using a b testing to figure out more quickly what's working and what isn't let's talk about how to optimize your ad schedule check to see which days of the week and what time of day works best for your ads every business has peak and off-peak hours you want to find out which days and hours get the most conversions for the lowest cost per action let me show you how to find that first go to facebook ads manager and click on reports use the breakdown menu to break down your campaign by day you can use data from multiple campaigns to find the best time for your ads across the board now if you want to set your ad campaigns on a custom schedule you'll do that like this go to your ads manager again select ad sets and click the check box next to the ad that you want to edit you'll select edit from here then you'll make changes to your schedule in the budget and schedule section here you can choose a specific date to have your ad start stop schedule your ad to run on specific days of the week extend the date of an ad that has already completed its run if you want to keep it running you would of course only do this if that ad performed very well then you'll select publish to publish your changes immediately or select close to save the changes and publish later now these changes that you make will reset your ads to the learning phase that we talked about a little bit earlier so you may want to save these for any other big changes that you're already planning on making like audience targeting or refreshing creative etc let's look at how to optimize your creative combinations your ad creative is what people are going to be looking at reading and interacting with the behind the scenes setup things like targeting and placements aren't visible to your customer as far as they know this is all the advertising is for you that's why you need to show the best ad possible for each person but how can you do that when you're making one ad with one graphic or video at a time well the simple answer is you don't you let someone or something do the hard work for you you know like tom sawyer on the fence now you used to do a b testing by creating an ad duplicating it and then just changing one thing and watching both of those ads you would split up the budget evenly between them and handle that all manually not so with dynamic ads which i suggest you use dynamic ads are the way to go to skip the agony of a b testing creative and waiting weeks and weeks for results i like this option a lot for small business owners or digital marketers who are just getting started and don't have a lot of experience or a ton of extra time to spend on the platform when you use dynamic ads you're actually creating a template with your catalog so that facebook has a bunch of different options to create ads for your audience facebook uses machine learning to put together customized ads for each user i especially like to use dynamic ads when i'm retargeting website visitors or abandoned carts this is so facebook can show them the actual product they were just looking at or had added to their cards and left let me show you how to set up dynamic ads so that you can start using these but before i do that here's a quick message from our co-founder about our new online courses hey we just helped a small business make over 1.5 million dollars through facebook advertising and after managing millions of dollars in ad spend for thousands of different small businesses we have decided to give away everything we learned to you in a special program if you want to learn the blueprint to success the best practices from some of the fastest growing companies in the world and all the different tools you will need then sign up for our social ads training program today now that you understand how to optimize your ads and we've talked a little bit about what i look for i want to share with you some of the tricks that i've learned along the way to kind of accelerate my ad launch it's always nice to give your ads a bit of a head start especially if you're just starting now because you just want that w i'm going to show you how to create the ad first and then we'll go over all those tips so go to the ads manager and select create you'll create your campaign choose catalog sales app installs lead generation conversions traffic or messages as your objective depending on your campaign objective you will select your catalog at the campaign ad set or ad level so this will vary a little bit if you choose catalog sales then you'll choose your catalog at the campaign level for app installs or lead generation you'll choose your catalog when you create your actual ad set and for conversions traffic and messages you'll choose your catalog when you create your ad dynamic audience options are not available for those objectives next you'll finish creating your dynamic ad according to your campaign objective refer to what i mentioned just previously for when you will set that up and here's an extra bonus tip for you extra bonus is a little redundant but it's one of those days if you use dynamic ads and retargeting audiences and you see a sustained decrease in performance try testing your ad against a broad audience it might make all the difference now let's look at optimizing your ad placement cost per click can vary over 550 depending on ad placements so this is something that you need to pay close attention to it's going to have a major impact on your cost per result and your ad ranking metrics here's where you'll find that go to ads manager and use the breakdown menu to show placements identify your top performing placements here now here's what you'll do with that information first you'll increase your bids on the top performing placements you want to check your bid ads across placements to see if you're paying a lot more or a lot less for specific placements you can find that information here go to ads manager click the columns drop down and select bidding and optimization after you do that you'll remove any very poorly performing placements let me show you how to do that go to ads manager and navigate to the ad that you're editing click on edit you'll be dropped into the ad but you can navigate using the left sidebar here like this you'll adjust placement at the ad set level click on the ad set organized a step above your actual ad scroll down and click the check box to remove placements from your ad click publish to publish the changes keep in mind that a significant change will reset your ad to the learning phase which will take 24 to 48 hours or longer to recover from again i like to batch all of my big edits into one that way i'm not resetting the ad every few days now the next thing that you should do is use a b testing one of the most important things that you need to do as a small business owner or a digital marketer is to find out what's working and what isn't and ideally you need to do this as quickly and as affordably as possible i recently recorded a detailed video on facebook a b testing that i mentioned before so make sure you check that out after this video it's got a ton of great information and in-depth tutorials that i think you'll find helpful here's what i know you're waiting for the head start hacks that i've developed over the years or learned from other marketers i'll go over what they are first and then show you how to do them in more detail my first hack is to use an existing post as social proof my second hack is to inject a little rocket fuel into my ads when my client has a very small budget by fudging my budget numbers a little bit at the beginning the third is to poach big page audiences that relate to your audience let's talk about social proof hack first what is social proof when we talk about social proof and marketing we use it to mean something like evidence social proof is evidence that your product or your business is liked by other people humans being communal animals that we are seek approval and conformity with others that means we're more likely to engage with something positively when we can see that others have accepted that thing why does social proof matter social proof can be the reason that your product is really well and conversely it can be the reason that your product doesn't do well when you use social proof you're making your customers feel more comfortable with their purchase that's because there are more indicators telling them this is a good safe idea plus one of the biggest forms of marketing out there right now is social proof based can you guess what it is if you said influencer marketing you're correct influencer marketing is social proof the influencer tells their group of people hey i like this product their people give it a try they start praising it and promoting it like the influencer did and boom social proof you may be thinking that's great morgan but how do i get social proof and i'm very glad that you asked that question because that's my next point here are some ways that you can collect social proof for your small business first you want to publish great post to your page then you want to boost this post to get more engagement throw 30 or 40 behind it if that's all you have now the key here of course is to make sure that it's an engaging post to get that engagement but you know that then you'll go into the ads manager and you'll create a new ad you'll select use an existing post instead of all the other options that you have set up the rest of your ad as you normally would an a b test would be a great idea here i would recommend trying to test your targeting first and publish your ad now your brand new ad has the engagement that exists on the original post that includes the reactions and comments so there's a ton of social proof going behind your ad now this does mean that you won't be able to edit your ad creative at all but i think it's worth it next let's talk about my budget setup hack now i learned this hack from a website called ad espresso they have a ton of great information and i've been using this hack for a while i don't remember exactly when i read it but it works great check them out but check out this trick first if you're working with a small budget it can sometimes take days or even weeks for your ads to really start performing and that time can be really frustrating because as a small business owner you just want to see sales you just want success now before i learn this hack i would use facebook's accelerated delivery option but when you choose this facebook will focus on the speed of delivery by sacrificing your budget to get around this you can fudge your daily budget at the beginning you can always adjust your budget back to the correct one later here's what you'll do to use this tip set up your ad like normal but when you get to the budget section set your daily or lifetime budget for higher than your actual budget launch your ad and wait until you have over 10 000 impressions then you can start evaluating what's working and what isn't and adjust your budget you want to adjust your budget at the same time that you make changes to what isn't working you don't need to do this every time you make changes to your campaign like when it goes into a new learning phase this is really just helpful at the very beginning of a launch now let's look at how to use someone else's audience ethically there are people and pages who are followed by millions of folks in your target audience you can target these audiences built completely by somebody else to give your ads a head start by reaching people most likely to want what you're offering here's how you'll ethically poach this audience first step is to find pages who have built a large audience around your industry or niche then you'll go to the ads manager and create an ad as you normally would you'll choose video views as your objective for this ad though make sure your video is awesome by the way when you get to targeting go to interests enter the name of the people or pages that you found when you were doing your research earlier add them to your audience as you can see i chose garyvee here he's worked hard to build up a very big audience that we can use to our advantage in the marketing industry you'll continue creating your ad as you normally would i suggest you use a b testing and dynamic creative to make the most of your ad you want to optimize for the things i mentioned earlier and don't forget the a b testing is going to be key if you found any of this information or any of these hacks helpful let me know by giving me a thumbs up and leaving a comment do you have any facebook hacks that you've tried that works well for your ads i'd love to hear about them so i can give them a shot don't forget to subscribe to our channel and click the notification bell so that you don't miss out on any of our new digital marketing content that we're putting out weekly thanks so much for taking the time to watch i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbads&utm_campaign=sept292021
  2. @Sergeant489: Need some one to mange my ads campaigns
  3. @zainmalik7765: How to check which time is best for ads ?
  4. @HalkerVeil: Why do they always say "what is working and what isn't"?
They never explain what the context is. Are you wasting your entire day making 10+ ads and testing which is best?
Or is it something to do with what location you target, or group of people?
  5. @cmbinkybe: Great info thanks for your expertise!!
  6. @BugiddyBoo: Awesome, quick and informative
  7. @C23M: well done!
  8. @denissa522: You are awesome, definitely subscribed! Thanks for the great tips!
  9. @nadianajihah1967: Hi Morgan, any medium for me to reach out you? Thank you :)
  10. @drameabdulrahman2395: Best Facebook optimization tutorial I ever watched. Great voice!
  11. @mediarkspeacefulmeditation8815: Thank you! This is great content! :)
  12. @gemavolkman3969: Very reasonable proposition. Subscribed.
  13. @pauljoseph1853: Great content.  Concise useful and extremely helpful. Ty
  14. @tobyjimmy: Why only Video Views objective when using someone else's audience??
  15. @copykat829: If your budget is 50$ put 150$ or 100$. Keeo a close eye until it get to 25$. If you didn't get any sales by then something might be wrong with your ad.

- Advanced Facebook Ads Tactics 2024 | How to Target, Optimize & Maximize Ad Campaign Performance!📈: Kind: captions Language: en the tactics I'm about to share in this video. If you don't take the time to digest all of it, you're going to be stuck in an endless loop of running Facebook ads that don't convert. Because if you don't grasp these specific principles, you are not going to understand why your ads don't work. And I'm not talking about things like cheap cost per clicks and the likes. I'm talking of leads and sales, return over ad spend. Listen, Facebook ads can be incredibly complicated. But with the tactics I'm going to teach in this video, you immediately see everything you've been doing wrong and how to fix it because it's not just about reaching people. It is about reaching people at the right time. Let me open up my laptop and show you what I mean. So, this is one of the accounts I manage. In fact, this is actually my personal account and I love to actually test things with this account. So, I'm just going to quickly hit this refresh button. You can see that for this year I've already done over six million in ad spend. And you can see uh different amount of purchases. If I keep scrolling, you'll see that the ads have been running for a while. We have tons of purchases. We have tons of different lead campaigns. So, I definitely know what I'm talking about. So, let's quickly dive right into the tactics. The first thing you want to understand about running ads is your ads objective. Because the truth is that your objective determines exactly what is going to happen with your ads. So take for example now currently we have the awareness traffic engagement leads app promotions and sales. So people make the mistake of thinking oh they want sales they want to drive traffic to their landing page to their social media pages and then they select the traffic objective. that would not turn out well because the way the Facebook's algorithm works is it has categorized different people based on the actions that they actually take whether on Facebook itself or off Facebook. So if you want people that are most likely to make sales, you definitely want to select the sales objective. If you want people that will become leads, you want to select the leads objective. If you're looking for engagement, maybe things like video views, then you definitely select the engagement objective. Now where would you need traffic? Traffic is for people that do things like uh maybe AdSense arbitrage. They just want to generate traffic. So they want people to click on a link. That is when you can do things like that. Now I'm not saying that you cannot use other options like maybe traffic to uh WhatsApp uh channel or WhatsApp group or something. I know that some people actually do things like sending people to their WhatsApp page using traffic objectives to try to get a sizable amount of people. Now, depending on your product or service, it can potentially work. But the rule of thumb is that whatever actual objective you want, whether you want sales, whether you want leads, whatever the specific objective is, you want to select that campaign objective when setting up your ad. Once you're done with your objective, the next thing you want to look at is your campaign structure. And there are different kinds of rules of terms to what campaign structure should look like. But what I love doing is to have one campaign for my cold audience, one campaign for my warm audience. So let me quickly show you what that looks like. So if you open up the code campaign, you will see multiple adsets inside. So I actually love to combine because even Facebook prefers consolidation as against having multiple things happening around. So for your interest, you will have your normal general interest where you go to the interest targeting option. You you click on switch to original audience. Yes, use original audience and then you set up your audience depending on what you're targeting. So say for example now I am trying to sell a digital marketing program. What I'm going to do is come here and type digital marketing. Then I would select it. I will also enter interests that are actually related to digital marketing. So very very basic stuff and you want to make sure your audience size is not so small. This is very very important because I know that a lot of people while trying to get like super ultra targeted they do like super small audiences like 10,000 20,000 people. Your ads are just going to be unnecessarily expensive. So what I usually advise in situations like that is instead of streamlining as small as that you might want to target a general geographical location around that area and then use your ad copy that you ad copy your creative to call out your target audience. So say for example now I have a service and I only want it to show to people on the mainland instead of the island in I can target the whole of mainland knowing that even people on the island would see it and then in my ad copy I will say something like attention mainland as if you live on the mainland this is for you basically just to help to streamline because currently you would notice that the audience size has actually been decreasing over the years starting from when the iOS 14 update happened. So, it's very important for you not to just box yourself into a corner by trying to over streamline. Of course, you make sure you set your gender, you set your age group, and all of all those things. So, that's for the interest targeting. Now, another type of audience I like setting up is the audience plus, which is where I leave the default advantage plus audience campaigns. I just leave it there. Let Facebook figure out whatever it is with your AI. Cuz you see a lot of people saying things like, uh, targeting is no longer working. uh you you should use zero targeting and all those kind of options. But my mindset is that you should test multiple things because the truth is and this is very very unfortunate but all your ads are going to stop working one day. It is just the way it is because there's a very limited amount of people you can actually target on Facebook. So if you're running your ads for a long time, especially when you're running your ads over like a 1 month, two month, 3 months period, your audience is going to die out. So you have to have different bucket of audiences so that you can show to as many people as possible while also changing your creative. So that's why I love to test. You also have your lookalike audience which is basically people that look like your custom audience. That's the warm campaign. Now in addition to all of these, there's a specific campaign I also love running which is the advantage plus. So for that you just have to create a new campaign sales. This is if you are going for sales in this case and then you leave the advantage shopping campaign option and you just run your campaign. Now on the ads level, I like to have three to five ads running. Just three to five ads where I can then test and see which one works better. Now the reason why I love to have multiple audiences because even though I have just interest here, I actually have multiple interests. And I'm going to show you what that looks like. I like to do this because I love testing my audiences. You can never be sure which audience is going to work and which audience is not going to work. Let me show you what that looks like. So this is actually a great example of exactly what I was just teaching. So you can see that this is a single campaign selected but under the single campaign we have 21 different adsets. So what this shows you is that I tested 21 different ones. I spent 777,000 and I made 2.1 million. I mean this is this is super super amazing result. Again, this is just this year. I can hit the refresh button. Multiple interest and then multiple LLAs, then more interest, more LLAs, different buckets of test. Pretty much exactly what I I was teaching here where you have multiple interest, different kinds of targeting because that is the only way you can actually scale your campaigns. You also want to see how you can filter people not just with the ad copy and the creatives and the targeting, but also with your landing page. So that's why you have things like maybe you have like surveys or you have like a lead magnet or the specific words that you actually write on your landing page are what you use to filter out people. I once had this campaign I launched. It wasn't doing so well at all. Then I went through the page. I looked at the emails and questions I've been getting from people in the comments and realized that I was the one that made a mistake. So all I did literally was change the first set of uh paragraphs on the landing page. That's all I changed and suddenly the ad started doing amazingly well and it got super profitable all because I filtered out the people that were not supposed to even have any interest whatsoever. And then the people that were supposed to have interest, I called them out directly. Another thing you want to look at when you're trying to figure out how well your campaign is doing are things like your clickthrough rate and your frequency. So take for example now by default you are told that your frequency should be at at least 1% that if it is less than 1% then your ads have a problem. But here's the thing right it's it really really does depend on things like your industry your industry determines it. As a rule of thumb I definitely try to get my clickthrough rate above 1% but if my campaign is profitable I don't stress myself bothering about it but usually it is something I actually look at. You also want to look at your frequency, which is actually very very important because your frequency is how many times a single person has seen your ad. So for example, this one that has a frequency of 2.57 basically means that a single person has seen the the the specific campaign, the specific ad set 2.57 times. Now just like the clickthrough rate, it's not something I bother about except the ad is no longer working well. So take for example now if I am running this specific campaign it has been doing super well been doing super great and then I see that the ad has started declining I would take a look at the frequency if the frequency is the problem then all I'm going to do is just tweak the creative a bit the the creative that's the the image or the video that I actually shot or used for it because I want them to see other potential angles. They've been seeing the same ad already. They're tired of it and that's why I do that. Another thing you might want to consider is the way Facebook shows the ads. They show your ads to different pockets of audiences at different times. So if for example this campaign is a campaign that's not doing well apart from just looking at the uh frequency and changing the creative. Another thing I like to do is to duplicate the adset. So I just duplicate the same adset. I don't particularly change anything. Sometimes I might just change the budget just very very slightly because that way Facebook would then try to show the ad to a different pockets not the pockets they were already showing that was not bringing results. Again this is something I would only do if the ad was doing very well. So between that and changing the creative between those two things you'll definitely get better results if you're implementing them. Now remember what I mentioned where I said your ads are going to die. The truth is that every single ad you create is going to eventually die out. You don't have an unlimited number of people for Facebook to show your ads to and that's why you need to always refresh your creatives. Now, you don't actually need to do a lot. So, for videos, for example, you can just edit the first 3 to 5 seconds, just change it just a little bit. For your images, you might just want to change the design completely. You might change the copy, different kinds of variables, but you definitely want to do that just to rejig things. And it's something that definitely comes into play when you have a high frequency and your ads stop working well. One quick tip I actually give people is that you should try to check and this comes into play if you are working with a client. So you want to check their social media pages for things like their UGC content, their original images, those live images that don't look like ads. You want to take those ones and repurpose them for ads because I have seen that they are the ones that actually work best. This is not a situation of oh videos work better than images. You always want to split test both of them to see which one works better. pick images from their social media pages and try to see how you can use them for your ads. If unfortunately they don't have such, you can actually teach them, show them examples that you must have seen maybe from a swipe file or from just scrolling through social media and like, oh, they should try to recreate this type of thing just so you can have more creatives to use when running your campaigns when your ads die out. Another important thing I teach is never touch an ad campaign that is working well. Now, I know that we have the learning phase and once you leave the learning phase, your campaign tends to sort of like balance out a bit and that you can potentially make a couple of changes. But the truth is that most of the times when I do that, it rarely turns out well. So, if you create a campaign, unless maybe it has like this super serious issue like maybe this huge romatical blunder that is bringing negative press, more often than not, I just leave the campaign. I do not touch it. So the only time I actually touch campaigns like that are when I want to scale them. And usually I do my scaling between 10 to 20% increase in budget within a 24 to 48 hours period because I'm trying to give Facebook a bit more time to understand that oh the budget has been increased just slightly and you can you don't need to change things so much because if not it's going to tank. For example, if you're running a campaign, it's doing super well, you're spending maybe 10, 20, $30 per day, and then you just double that amount. You might think that automatically your sales are going to double. But what's going to happen is that Facebook is going to try to show a lot of people at once, way more than they were showing before, and then they would introduce a bucket of audience that is not as profitable. So, you will end up with a lot of issue. Now, something else I also love to do is I would duplicate the campaign and then potentially increase the budget. Now the reason why I do that is because I want to see who the winner is going to be. If the duplicated campaign where I make whatever change I want to make on if it becomes the winner I can switch off the old one. But if the duplicated campaign ends up not working I can easily switch it off and then the previous campaign that was working well would keep making money. Very very important. I do not touch a campaign so far it is working well except I'm just trying to scale it to increase the budget. Highest thing you should do is duplicate it and make the change. One last important thing to mention is tracking. The only reason why I'm able to see results like this, I'm able to see how much was spent. I'm able to see my cost per result. I'm able to see my clicks to purchase, my checkouts. The only reason I can see it is because I'm able to track using the Facebook pixel. Now, depending on your client or your business, you might not be able to track things. For example, if you're running a lead generation kind of campaign, you might not be able to track your sales directly, especially if people convert offline. So, you have two options. The first option is using the offline conversion setup, which takes a bit of technical knowhow or you actually layers with the client. So, you want to know what is working and what's not working. And this is very important because here's why. You might have two adsets, for example. One of them is bringing leads at $5 per lead. The other one is bringing leads at $7 per lead. To you as a marketer, you would want to scale the one doing $5 per lead and kill the one doing $7 per lead. But there is a high chance that the $7 per lead campaign is actually bringing better quality of people is giving your clients the exact result they want. So, if you don't lie with your with your clients to know which one is actually doing better, which one they seem to be getting better results from, you're going to have a whole lot of issues scaling because you would be scaling negatively instead of positively. So, you want to make sure no matter what it is you are doing, you are tracking your results because at the end of the day, you're interested in leads and sales. You're trying to increase your revenue. Now, I know that we've covered a whole lot today. We've covered audience. We've covered creative. We've covered tracking and even scaling. Now, a lot of people don't teach the nitty-gritty of these things, but they can make or break your campaign. Cuz at the end of the day, what actually matters is how much is being spent and how much is being made. Everything else is inconsequential. Now, I know that the audience setup and interest side of things always throws people off. So, what I've done is that I created a very, very short 3-hour course specifically on interest targeting, audience targeting. is going to take you step by step through the exact system that I use coming up with new interests for new campaigns, especially when I'm trying to scale and do it successfully. I've dropped a link in the description, so you should definitely check it out because I did a deep dive into all those things, different ways to scale your audience and even troubleshoot a bit when your campaigns are not doing well and how to scale them when they are doing well. So check it out and until next time, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @osazeeoni1811 [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @themeshunters [1 likes]: You need to review the link to your website. It seems broken.

Secondly, I need your help with FB Ads. How do I reach you?
  3. @theoyekunledamola: Got questions? Let me know in the comments 😊
  4. @LizaDedeTetteh: Pls so can I select sales objectives but do have website
  5. @SuzanMosaku: Pls can I get your phone number 
I want you to put me through setting up my pixel
Am a novice and am new to online business
  6. @smartview6884: This is very informative
  7. @anakhuagborsule5532: who else cam form linkedin with a pen and a paper for this meta ad germ !!
  8. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, thank you for this video. It’s very informative. I have one question, is it possible to run one campaign with three ad sets that are likely the same, with the only difference being the creatives and ad copies? The budget is $15 with a sales objective and a narrow audience within a 15-mile radius. This is for a service-based business with specific demographics, and the total estimated audience is 196k-231k with no interest targeting. I would appreciate your help. Thank you!
  9. @ChilowajiAcademy: Do you offer Adsense arbitrage Facebook ads?
  10. @Owenjulius7: Can't seem to purchase the mini ads course... i get this error "The billing email address is invalid or not allowed - please check" I'm from Nigeria
  11. @PeterEyo: Thank you for this. Can you make a video on  tracking?
  12. @topeaghomatse: This is value-packed 💯💯

- STOP Boosting Facebook Posts | Do THIS Instead: Kind: captions Language: en oh man this is gonna be the best facebook post ever i can't wait to see how many likes i get i might even bring out the happy face background on this bad boy to really jazz it up perfect now there's just one thing left to do hold up stop the beat a minute adam yeah don't you dare touch that boost post button not unless you want to end up angry and alone living under a bridge blaming facebook for what could have been should have been and never was simply because you didn't take the time to find a better way to get your content in front of more people i don't want to live under a bridge weird old professor i don't know what you're supposed to be then come with me and let me show you a better way and the fact is there is a better way if you're thinking about or are currently boosting posts on facebook i'm going to show you an alternative that will not only get you better results but they will also give you more control more feedback and more opportunities with very little extra effort so now let me show you how it's done starting by answering one of the most important questions of all what exactly is a facebook boosted post anyway well according to facebook boosted posts are ads you create from posts on your facebook page and that's really the biggest key here a boosted post starts just like any other old regular organic post on your facebook page but then through the magical power of boosting you turn it into an ad which means you spend money to show it to more people because as we all know organic reach on facebook is pretty much gone but if organic reach is dead then isn't boosting posts the only way to get your content in front of more people and to that i say nay or no cause not a horse but i am a man with a plan which means that no matter what goal i'm trying to achieve i'm always looking for the best and most effective way to do it and in no scenario or situation is boosting posts a better plan when compared to running a simple facebook ad campaign that's set up properly right from the beginning you see with a boosted post you create a post and then you can boost it and spend money on it if you want but putting money behind a post and turning it into an ad is often an afterthought something that comes up once you're done writing it which means you probably don't have a clear intention in mind for what you wanted to do and what success would even look like i mean is it enough that more people see it or do you want them to actually do something and if so what is it and how are you going to track and measure that on the other hand when you create an ad using the facebook ads manager your intention is different right from the beginning you know full well going into this thing that you're going to be spending money and that attitude changes the amount of time and energy and thought that you put into your content not to mention boosting a post today is a lot more complicated than it once was so you're still going to need to think about targeting and placements and budget but when you boost a post you're going to be doing all of this after you've posted your content which is completely backwards there are a few more other practical reasons to avoid boosting posts as well as well as some key differences between just boosting a post and running a proper facebook ad so first let's talk about audiences when you boost a post facebook is going to ask you who you want to target and they may even suggest a smart audience which is their best guess based on how you set up your facebook page more often than not though this smart audience is very dumb because it may not align with your specific campaign your content or what you're trying to achieve the other issue is placements these change all the time but you're significantly more limited when boosting when compared to setting something up inside facebook ads manager and having just an absolute ton of options to choose from there which also means you can be more selective about what placements you don't want to spend money on but the biggest factor of all of them has to do with the objective of your advertising campaign and 90 of the time when you're spending money on ads it should be done in the form of something called direct response marketing which is marketing that's designed to get an instant response by your prospect in regards to getting them to take some kind of specific action in other words direct response marketing is very goal-oriented and those goals are typically very easy to track and to measure and to manage the alternative to direct response marketing is something known as brand awareness marketing here the goal is a little more fluffy ethereal ephemeral what's the difference between ethereal and ephemeral so brand awareness marketing is more fluffy and ethereal and ephemeral and it's harder to track brand awareness marketing is important to a point but it isn't usually as goal focused on something like increasing sales or providing some kind of direct and trackable metric this is why this kind of brand awareness marketing is typically reserved for those big billion dollar brands who have a large budget and can afford to be a little more casual and loose with their advertising dollars still not very smart but for most businesses though when you boost a post or run an ad or spend any kind of money on your marketing whatsoever you'd better be sure that you're measuring your results and making sure that you're getting something back in return that's of equal or greater value to the money you're spending more commonly known as roi or return on investment or in the case of advertising row as or return on ad spend and the best way to make sure that the money you're spending on ads is actually delivering something of value back in return is by setting up something known as a conversion campaign inside the facebook ads manager with a conversion campaign you can still choose your targeting and placements and ad copy and all of that but what you're telling facebook is that what really matters to you here what's really important is getting somebody to actually take action and do something this could be to download a lead magnet to send you a message to book a call or even to buy something directly from the ad this does require an additional step of downloading and installing a tracking pixel but that's easier now than ever before and i'll put a link in the descriptions below that'll show you exactly how to do it but if all of this sounds a little overwhelming don't worry you don't actually need ads to grow a business which is why i've linked up a video right here on my number one organic marketing strategy so make sure to check it out now and i'll see in the next video the solution is to use a combination approach known as peso which stands for paid earned shared and owned so let me break those down for you now paid media is wait for it anything that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [4 likes]: 👉 Beginner? Start here (free course): https://adamerhart.com/course
⚙ Business owner? Grab my full marketing system (free): https://adamerhart.com/system
🔥 Want faster results? Join the 5-Day Bootcamp: https://adamerhart.com/bootcamp
  2. @krispernny4346 [3 likes]: I watched the whole video, and it felt like a lot of talk with no real takeaway. I ended up feeling like I wasted my time!
  3. @adelekruse2927: blah blah blah
  4. @Peter_Granfors: do this he said, we never got a direction of what to do, so,, just a lot of BS
  5. @jamesdevine7237: Facebook
  6. @hondredboyz4148: You are just a noice maker
  7. @sahil8522: What a waste of time listening  to this trash talker. He either thinks he is talking logic here, or the people are just stupid listening to this misleading and wrongly titled video. I feel bad leaving a comment because even this will get him more traffic to his channel but I had to get it out of my system.
  8. @YourChoice-world: Hopeless
  9. @DiscoverTodayLearnwithEase: Stupid video
  10. @Shellycheapandclean-u6w: 😂😂😂😂😂 I know its wrong to boost 😊
  11. @ShasiBahu: You talk took much and beat around the bush too much. Just get to your point without flexing your fancy terms
  12. @NicekidNoni: Oh really
  13. @deleokuwobi2491: With all due respect to the speaker and the hard work they put into making this video. I'm sure this video helped many people, but it did not help me. I watched this three times, and after the third time, I realized that each time I thought I was going to get an actionable item, the script pivoted to another topic with a lengthy explanation. It was a frustrating experience watching this video.
  14. @wrxnothere5469: this guy boosted this clickbait post ! :))
  15. @animalfacts_xtreme: nice video very informative!
  16. @Fargosportsmassage: THIS POOR GUY
  17. @frankieculpepper6028: I tapped boost and without asking me, they already charged me, had amount of times to show, plus renewal, because they already had my card ID. I was on the phone over an hour trying to get them to take it off and fb kept me going in circles. Finally I paid what they charged me for, and then they took it down.  I never agreed to anything.
  18. @FBL9292: Time wasted
  19. @asrbetimi: TRASH TALK.
  20. @Flourish-od7cx: Very useless content and waste of time 🙄

- How to handle Facebook Ad Rejection in 2024: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone so today while doing creative research I came across this particular art of chemist and blade and as you can see here this is you know still active and it's running for around 65 days which means maybe this is one of the winning creative with the ARA but while going through this video I also found there are few potential issues of this ad getting rejected St deep to see what's the video is about say bye not to you but to dark under the chemist plays underarm Rollo it contains 4% lactic acid which eliminates dead skin cells and causing bacteria the 1% manic acid lightens pigmentation and evens our skin tone plus he won't need a de anymore because this makes your underarms feel fresh all day experience even skin tone Odor Control and all day freshness with the chemist under so as you can see first this video is around 29 9 seconds long and the primary text is not having any personal pronouns which means the primary text is not an issue to for the ad to get rejected even while before playing the video I also saw that the video has a thumbnail of this image which is again not something that will cause any issue in the metup policy violation starting to reiterating this creative I will look into a few metrics to know that what's a creative performance so as you're aware of hook rate hold rate 25 % of the video views and 50% of video views are some of the important metrics to judge the creative performance why is this important is something that I I will discuss in the course of this video If you see here the first clip itself is a before after now before after is something very strictly Against The Meta policy as the AI uh to get this ad approved because actually this had has multiple reasons for to get rejected so if I uh if I were you know trying to make the iterations of this the first thing I'll do is I'll start making adding emojis rather than showing the direct before after in the video so suppose for the a gross Emoji like this can be placed here in the dark underarm and the happy Emoji in the lighter underarm to showas and the emotion that we want to con convey in this creative but not to showcase is the direct before after done the second iteration that can be done is maybe making the after segment completely blur which will not give the AI a clear indication of the before after and the ad can get approved as for my experience I've seen that if you're seeing showing skin uh in a closeup form if you're showing skin in a closeup form for more than 30 seconds then the ad has more chances to get rejected so I'll just check how long was this first clip underarms yeah so this particular clip is exactly for 3 seconds and then the product is getting introduced so I think making this kind of changes can help this ad to get approved so here's the next clip that I find uh again a violation of metap policy is a zoom in application of the product so though this is a very close-up application I'll also see how long this particular clip is there in the video chemist plays under AR R it dead skin cells and causing bacteria so this particular clip is from 7 to 11 seconds again which is quite longer than 3 seconds of video uh of closeup skin shots now before reiterating in this part I like I will again go back to the metrics that I was referring to so is my 25% of video views significantly high if it's not then I can just you know show showcase the basic application of the product on any other body part because if it's not that high then that means it's not contributing significantly on the creative performance but if it's high then I need to try to make the iteration in such a way where the any particular zoomed out shoot of this particular clip then I'll be using that and again that can be done is if you see here as soon as I clip the screen gets blood so similarly on while the product is getting motioned it can be having a blur effect which will not showcase any particular body part but also convey the message of product application here comes the next before after that's just after this application shot which is horizontal before after so if I'm using the Emoji on this first segment I'll try to use the blur effect here to not to you know repeat the same uh thing in the video itself but this particular clip is almost at 50% of the video so if my video view for 15 50% is not significantly High then I can just bring in any other clip and you know not think about much Innovation because I know that this particular clip is not contributing much on my product uh creative performance but if so also there are many other ways to get this ad approved here are a few suggestions from my end let me know what's your views

- I Found Why people FAIL at Facebook Ads ❌ (10 Reasons): Kind: captions Language: en I've seen the ad accounts of many advertisers over the years, and there are some common mistakes or problems they definitely make that do n't yield results. In this video, I'm going to share those exact problems with you, so that in case you're going to run an ad, you don't repeat those mistakes. So, make sure to watch this video until the end, because almost everyone makes the last mistake. So, let's not waste any time. Let's go straight to our first pointer. Number one, if a user is repeatedly seeing your ad, which you've created with the same ad creative—for example, if they see the same ad three to four times a week—they might engage with the ad the first time, but the next time, they might think, "I've seen this ad before," and then they don't engage. In such situations, your cost per conversion or cost per click goes up significantly. And the reason is simple: your ad starts fitting. This means you're not changing your ad creatives at all. You create an ad creative for a month, and then, as long as it's performing well, you're letting it run continuously. You're not even checking how many times a particular user is seeing your ad. The more a user sees your ad, the higher your costs become, which costs you a lot of money. At the end, you don't even get results. So, your first goal should be to check your frequency cap. Make sure that a person is seeing your ad only once a week, which is why their ad is n't fitting. Optimizing ad creatives and continuously changing them is a very important part. Many advertisers keep using the same ad for years without making any changes. In such situations, they do n't achieve good results. So, your number one priority goal should be to It should always be refreshing your ad creatives. Number two is audience segmentation. Now, many advertisers that I have personally seen never segment their audience. Suppose you have an e-commerce business, many people are just viewing your website, many are viewing product pages, someone is adding an ad to a card, some initiative is taken. Now, whenever you run ads, for example, you have to run retargeting ads, and in that, you are showing an ad to retargeting users, and you are running another ad where you have a different ad creative. Now, it can also happen that the ad you have created for retargeting users is also being showcased to your second ad. What happens in such situations is that if the same user starts seeing many ads, then the problem of ad fitting arises. After seeing one ad, he might be thinking of converting, but after seeing so many ads, he starts thinking of converting and then he starts seeing spam and then he Finally, he decides why so many ads are showing up and he will get irritated and will not purchase from you. So, you have to make sure that you segment your audience. There should be a separate segment for ad-to-card users, separate ad creatives, separate segments for initiatives, separate ad creatives because if you show different ad creatives and ad copies to different users, then your chances of convergence also become very high. Now let's talk about our number three pointer. Nowadays, many people are saying that you should do broad targeting, you are getting better results from it and I definitely agree to that, but this does not mean that you should blindly start doing broad targeting and take such a big risk because what happens in most of the situations is that I recently looked at the ad accounts of many advertisers, look at their data to see which one is giving you the best performance because many advertisements run only on the basis of one targeting or They will either just broaden or just run Advantage. You have to mix and match everything. It is possible that creating custom and local i audiences will bring you more results. So, first of all you have to test all these things and then see which interest-based targeting suits you the most. Now let's talk about our number four pointer, which is the learning phase. Now I have explained very properly what the learning phase is. If you want to learn about it, you will find a detailed video about it here on the i button. You can go and check it. But if you make too many changes in the learning phase, then your ad goes back to the learning phase. In such situations, a lot of your budget is wasted and you are not able to get good results. So, you have to make sure that if you are running any ad for the first time, then let it get at least 50 conversions. After 50 conversions, analyze its results and see whether it is performing well or not. What is your CTR cost? But what is purchase, what is cost per lead and after that decide how that ad is performing for you because many advertisers run the ad for two days and at that time it is in the learning phase and after two days they think that the results are not coming, not a single sale has come and they close it or make some changes in it and it goes back to the learning phase, so you also should not make this mistake, let it come out of the learning phase, let it get at least 50 conversions, after that decide whether you want to make changes in that ad or not, now let's talk about number fifth pointer, your goal should not always be to get people to purchase or convert people into leads, after a particular period of time, delivering educational content and entertaining content also becomes very important and this mistake is made by most of the advertisers, their only goal is facebooksignup.in how can you nurture it yourself now Tell me, have you seen an ad from a brand where they're not selling you anything, but telling their story or a customer's story? What happens with that? An emotional connection is built, and even if that audience converts later, it does n't happen in that particular period of time. If you do this, it delivers good results over a long period of time. So, make sure you start focusing on such content today. Whether you run it in ads or post it organically, you ultimately have to do this. Now, let's talk about the next pointer: not testing your ad creatives enough. I recently attended a conference where I met an agency owner, and he told me that he tests 40 to 50 ad creatives a month for one of his clients, and the more ad creatives he tests, the better the results he gets. This is where many advertisers make the mistake of testing only one or two ad creatives a month and that's it. We will let it run but it is performing well like this. Now let's talk about the next pointer that we never paid attention to the landing page. Now suppose we have facebooksignup.in. Don't always focus on ads. The landing page should be well optimized, specifically optimized for mobile because most people browse on mobile. Along with this, if you are in e-commerce then your product page should be an initiative. From the ad to your landing page, you have to make it so smooth that the user does not face any problem in doing anything. Let's talk about the next pointer. You have made good ad copies and ad creatives, but the ad copies are not good. First try to understand the combination of both. Your ad creative forces people to stop and see what the other person has posted and your ad copy forces people to take some kind of action. Now for example, my ad creative is very good, but I did not write anything like this in the ad copy. So that the user goes to my website, then due to bad ad copy you can get very bad results, so you have to make sure that you write top notch ad copies. I recently wrote about what should be facebooksignup.in and many more advanced strategies. So if you are also thinking of investing in your learning, then there is a link to the video course in my description, you can go and check it from there. The mistake that I am going to tell you is that almost all advertisers make this thing because no one pays attention to this thing. Now you have launched an ad, let's say it is performing or not, but you never check what comments are coming from the users on it, is anyone liking it or not. Suppose someone is looking at your ad and there are 10 comments saying that it is a spammy product, it is not a good product, it is too expensive, they have not done a good job, bad reviews, that means overall you have received all the negative feedback and all the users, even the new ones, are looking at it. If they are seeing this comment, do you think you will get convergence from here? Definitely not because people connect with people. If they see their negative reviews, they too will not want to purchase from you. So you have to make sure to always keep watching your ad and keep optimizing it. If someone is making a negative comment, then either delete the comment or try to improve it and avoid negative feedback. Because if it is there, then check your Ads Manager on a daily basis and see what all needs to be refreshed. The more you keep refreshing your ads, the more you keep making them better, the better results you will get. If you also avoid these common mistakes, then you can double or triple the results of your ad campaigns. If you feel that this video has helped you even a little, then like the video. Currently, we have almost 5 lakh subscribers and we are aiming to complete it at 2 lakh as soon as possible so that we can get all the updates related to digital marketing. I will always cover

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrrubel8841 [11 likes]: 1. Ad unique user frequency 
2. Audience segmentation 
3.broad targeting
4. Learning phase ( let it learn at least till 50 conversion)
5. Giving time to make awareness
6. Not testing your ad creative enough
7. Seamless Landing page
8. Ad copy
9. Quick responding ( deleting negative comments, replying, etc )
  2. @pushpendrasingh-ss2np [1 likes]: Mam apki agency ka name batao bcoz apko har video me log puchte h bt aap koi rply nh karte ho
  3. @asthaagrawal6060 [1 likes]: Please make content on meta ads for B2B brands
  4. @dhruvchouhan4181: Are you already running a business,
or still trying to find a channel that brings clients?
  5. @raselhossain9739: Hello , i m rasel hossain Rafel. i told from bangladesh, i need your help for learning meta marketiing expert .
  6. @younismalik730: She is just talking, even if you want to contact, she never responds, making money for herself not for others
  7. @rahulnegichd: Nice info
  8. @Tutorforyou56: Agr budget kum ho client ki trf se to testing kese krein thora guide krde plz
  9. @NabeelAli-d7o: bht bolti ho ap hahaha
  10. @higuys-rw8ru: Hi, I am not able to see the Trial option in my Instagram page. Could you guide me how to get that?
  11. @Gamezonexyz-q3n: Mam i need your help i am not getting any sales please help me regarding this
  12. @Akash-a8x: Hi 


I Have No Gst number 
In Facbook page advertisement process
  13. @ZamanDesigns1: i learned so much from you, than you
  14. @hassanmuawia1: Mam jab mein ne 3 adsSet banaye or 3no mein different creative thy or interest b different rakhy thy lekin os se audience overlap ho rhi thi jis se cpm or cpc high tha or conversion nahi mili. ap is par ek video bana kar guide kar de k audience overlapping se kesa bacha jay or creative or audience ko target karny ka best way kon sa h
  15. @Pruthvidigi: Though my digital business  teaches everything , I still come to your website to get more information. Thank u
  16. @label_nayshas9: As u said we shukd change the creatives atkst 10 times in a month to test which is better, bt u also said v shukd not touch the campaign before it's 50 purchases competition,  nd vat if v r not getting 50 purchases in a week then can we still change creatives or wait for it to complete 50 purchases. Nd til how long can we wait! Bcz i have been running ads since 6 months for my apparel ecom business bt hv never got 50 purchases in a week til now plz suggest what is to be done!
  17. @ZarHash-345: Slam ma'am 
From Pakistan 
Ma'am want to contact you?...
  18. @quotesnaveedcreative8395: nice ... thanks... Love you sweet teacher
  19. @yazdan-saifi: Qs- mistake#1 

If we make a new creative and we are also not going to make any change in our good working adset, then for sure we will launch that creative in a new adset.

So in this case we will have to keep the interest and audience same in that new adset so that-one perticular user can see a new variant of our ad.

Am I clear mam?
  20. @SAQIBSHEHZAD-k6i: Very informative 
Thanks Mam ❤

- Meta Ads Policies Explained (How to Avoid Ad Rejection) - Media Buying Course: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. In today's lesson, we're diving deep into a crucial aspect of running successful Meta ad campaigns, and that's understanding and abiding by Meta's advertising policies. Whether you're recruiting top talent or acquiring new customers, these policies are the bedrock of a smooth, effective, and compliant advertising journey. So, what are Meta ads policies? Meta ad policies, also known as Meta's ad standards, are a comprehensive set of rules that dictate what type of ads can and cannot run across Meta platforms. That includes Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and Audience Network. These policies cover everything from content moderation and privacy protection to specific industry regulations and community guidelines. They are designed to create a safe, positive, and trustworthy environment for users, while also ensuring fair and ethical advertising practices. So, why does Meta implement ad policies? Meta implement these policies for several key reasons. Number one is user experience. They want to provide a positive and safe experience for its billions of users by preventing misleading, offensive, or harmful content. Number two is brand protection. They want to maintain the integrity and reputation of its platforms as a legitimate advertising channel. Number three, legal and regulatory compliance. They want to adhere to the local and international laws, especially concerning sensitive areas like discrimination, privacy, and regulated industries. Number four is fair competition. And lastly, combat misinformation. Now, to combat the spread of false claims, especially regarding health, politics, and other sensitive topics. So, what are the consequences of not abiding by ad policies? Ignoring or intentionally violating Meta's ads policies can lead to severe consequences that can significantly impact your advertising efforts and even your business. Number one is ad rejection. Your ads will be disapproved and won't run, wasting your time and effort. Number two is reduced ad delivery. Now, even if an ad is initially approved, repeated policy violations can lead to reduced delivery and reach, making it harder to achieve your campaign goals. Next is ad account restrictions. Meta may impose limitations on your ad account, such as restrictions on features, targeting options, or spending limits. In extreme cases, your entire business manager can be shut down, impacting all associated ad accounts and pages. Next is loss of trust and brand damage. Non-compliant ads can lead to negative user feedback, erode consumer trust, and damage your brand's reputation. And lastly, legal ramifications. In certain cases, particularly with discriminatory practices or illegal content, you could face legal action. Meta employs both automated systems and human reviewers to identify policy violations, and they are constantly evolving their detection methods. All right. So, there are different types of ad policies depending on your objective. If you are a recruiter looking to find top-notch talents on Meta platforms, then these are the policies that you need to abide. Now, recruitment ads fall under Meta's special ad categories, specifically employment. This category has stricter rules to prevent discrimination and ensure fair opportunities. Now, here are key policies recruiters must abide by. Number one is the non-discrimination policy. Now, ads must not discriminate or encourage discrimination based on personal attributes, such as race, ethnicity, age, gender, religion, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, national origin, or any other protective characteristics. Now, I've listed things to avoid and things that are acceptable. Now, things to avoid are phrases like, "Are you a young graduate? Looking for a male models? Seeking only female sales rep? Are you a millennial who needs a tech job? Looking for 20 plus male models?" These are phrases that you need to avoid when running recruitment ads. Now, there are things that are acceptable, and these highly focus on qualifications. So, for example, "Looking for someone who has 3 years experience. Do you have a media buying experience? We need welders, cooks, deckhand, etc. We want someone who is a go-getter and a team player." These focus heavily on qualifications. Okay, number two, restricted targeting options. This is a major one for employment ads. You cannot target or exclude audiences based on their age, gender, location, and lookalike audience. Now, although targeting options are restricted, you can still do broad audience targeting. Now, while specific targeting is limited, you can still target based on broader interest or behavior features that do not imply discrimination. All right, next is clear and accurate job descriptions. Your ad copy and landing page must clearly and accurately describe the job responsibilities, requirements, and benefits. Avoid misleading or exaggerated claims about the position or company. And lastly, compliance with the local laws. Ensure that your recruitment ads comply with all applicable local labor laws and regulations. All right. So, now that we're done with the list of ad policies for recruitment, let's look at the list of ad policies to acquire customers. For general customer acquisition ads, the policies are still stringent, but differ slightly from special ad categories. Here are key policies to abide by, and this is very important. Number one is prohibited content. Now, that is illegal products or services. No ads for illegal drugs, weapons, counterfeit goods, unregulated supplements, etc. Number two, hate speech and discrimination. There has to be no content that promotes hate, violence, or discriminates against individuals or groups. Next, adult content or sexually suggestive content. There should be no nudity, sexually explicit, or overly suggestive material. Next is sensational content. Avoid overly graphic, shocking, or offensive content. And last, unacceptable business practices. No promotion of deceptive or unethical business models like pyramid schemes, Ponzi schemes, payday loans with predatory terms, etc. All right, next is restricted content. So, what's the difference between prohibited and restricted content? Prohibited contents are never allowed on Meta platforms, period. While restricted contents are allowed on Meta platforms, but only if they meet specific conditions. Now, for example, alcohol and tobacco. They are allowed with age gating and adherence to local laws. Dating services or online dating sites. They require written permission from Meta and specific content restrictions. Next, cosmetic procedures and wellness. This involves medspas. You have to target 18 plus and avoid before and after images that exploits insecurities. Focus on general wellness only. Next is online pharmacies or prescription drugs. This requires certification and written permission. Lastly, gambling or games of chance. This is only allowed in certain countries with specific targeting and compliance. All right. So, here's an example of a compliant cosmetic procedure and wellness ad. Now, even though they are both before and afters, and that is a no-no when it comes to approvals, the difference is about subtlety. This is a key component in bypassing Meta ad policies in the restricted content category. Now, here's another example of a compliant ad versus a non-compliant ad. Never show any signs of weights or any insecurities in your ad. Just promote health and wellness. Here's another example when it comes to beauty procedures. Never show invasive medical apparatus like injections, blades, scalpels, etc. One way to show how a procedure is done without restrictions is by mapping. Now, same thing with showing blood or any horrific or gory sight. These are not allowed in Meta advertising. Here's an example of an ad showcasing personalities. Focus on professional-looking photos instead of goofy ones. Here's also an example of a compliant cosmetic procedure and wellness ad copy. Now, for example, "Are you struggling with a hideous double chin?" This is a no-no when it comes to Meta ads. The best way to reword that is, "Want to live healthier and have a better quality of life?" Same thing. "Stop looking older and gray with our cosmetic creams." Instead, say, "Look more refreshed, confident, and vibrant with our cosmetic creams." Next, "Get rid of those nasty acne with our powerful microneedling." Instead, say, "Achieve a smoother, clearer, and brighter complexion with our microneedling." Do not imply or assert personal attributes. Instead, focus on solutions or benefits. The key is to sell the outcome and not focus on the problem. Now, the last policies are intellectual property and privacy and data use. Now, for intellectual property, do not infringe on intellectual property rights, copyrights, or trademarks. It's a no-no. Then, for privacy and data use, be transparent about how user data is collected and used, and comply with all data protection regulations. All right, we've covered a lot of ground today on Meta ads policies, what they are, why they exist, and how to stay on the right side of them. This knowledge is absolutely fundamental to your success on Meta platforms. Without a solid understanding of these rules, your campaigns are dead in the water before they even begin. Thank you for getting through this lesson. Get ready for a complete step-by-step walk-through on how to set up a Facebook lead generation campaign from scratch in our next lesson.

- ❌ Facebook Ads Rejected? Then Do This!: Kind: captions Language: en So hello, welcome to this video. If your ads get rejected, that means the Facebook video ads that you put up, they go into review, but later they don't activate and get rejected, so what should you do in this case, how should your rejected ads be activated, I'm going to teach you that in this video. What we have to do is come to our ads level, for the rejected ads, do this, basically, here we have to do this ISP function, and here we have to click on account quality. Okay, so as I clicked there, I can now see which of my ads are rejected. As soon as I click inside it, you can see the total number of ads that have been rejected. Okay, so what should I do? It's simple, I'm telling you right now, but sometimes a lot of mistakes happen. In the first attempt, the bot thoroughly checks your creative and your product. If it finds something wrong, it rejects you. Okay, so now we'll put it in manual review. So you will click completely and now you are requesting it, click here you will submit, after submitting, see here five was written, five and here it will be added in the senses, so basically it is the original band which will test it out, that means if any mistake has been made by the bot, if any mistake has been made by the bot, then your ad will come back to you and it will automatically get activated, it will be rejected and you will see in reverse that five has been passed, if that policy is really valid there, then you will see this five number in those changes and then you cannot run those ads at all and then I would recommend that you delete that ad from there and either do not run that product or you can try it again by making some changes in it, okay, so this is how you have to appeal those ads which are rejected and get them activated, but this act which gets rejected is your own mistake, so which such mistakes should you not make? This should be done in your Facebook video ad so that your ad does not go in any direction, I did that in this video, so you must subscribe to my channel and this video, please do check it out once, I am also giving its link, I will find this video helpful for you, if you liked the video and found it helpful, then definitely like this video and if you like similar ads

  Top Comments:
  1. @RK_Shortsworld [7 likes]: Thankyou so much Sir 
mene 3 Ads setup banaye lekin teeno me Ad Reject kar diya , but mene YouTube par Search kiya or aapki video dekhi or aapne jesa bola vesa hi kiya or meri ads Active ho gayi Once again Thankyou So mucn ❤ Sir
  2. @neelambariherbalayurvedic.634 [3 likes]: Facebook Ad Account, Some Hack Delete My Ad Account. Who to Recoverd. Please tell.
  3. @sounakdas9040 [3 likes]: Sir mera add rejected ho gya 1st say review kia firse reject money toh pura loss hua yea milega sir ji
  4. @sameerjoiya9035 [3 likes]: amount refund krne ka koi process hai kya ?
ad reject ho rhe hai toh
  5. @ajitsingh-tk7dl [1 likes]: hlo sir mera bhi sexual  medicine ka add reject hua tha aap ke batane ke according mene appeal ki hai ab dobara koi problem toh nhi hoga na
  6. @IamKshitijThorat: 🔥Get Instant Access To Course on Creating Scroll Stopping Facebook Video Ads - https://iamkshitijthorat.com/fb-video-ads-course

🔥Get Instant Access To Full Indian Ecom & Dropshipping Course - https://www.dropshipdominance.com

📞 Contact Us For More Information +91 97302 57189
  7. @Kuldeep_Singhania_0: Thank you sir
  8. @AdsWithHimanshu007: Add work from home  wala chaya tha or reject  ho gaya  or support team bol rahi hai ki aap galat add chala rahe ho and poster wala add hai proper termin condition ke sath mein Uske bad bhi bol rahe hain galat add hai aapka FIR kya Karen aap bataiye
  9. @smile2725: stop making content using English captions when you are speaking Indian you sheeett
  10. @Rdxtstar: Aa chute ya hi h esi video ma na bata sakta tha per tujha ko maja aa rha h na
  11. @willbegoodforsure: Can't publish Facebook ad because of Instagram account



Ye kaise resolve kren
  12. @RubelChakma-e3m: Paise return kaise millega?
  13. @NavnitPanwar-ex2oy: Jo pisa jma kiya vo kitne dino me vapis aata he
  14. @PriyaSinghRajput-rs5cr: Koi solution batao na isse bhi thik nhi hua 😭 1 mahine se try kar rahi hu
  15. @arupdas8412: Maine appeal na karke video delete kar Diya
  16. @Ahmad_javed707: Bhai
  17. @mrcrazy560: Thank you Bhai sirf aapki wajah se hi meri ye problem solve ho pai
  18. @Filmyjay.7M: Mera bhi Facebook ads nahi lag rha hai
  19. @ranjeetmeena6369: Mera ad nhi lag rha
  20. @WorldVibesHindi: Sir mera in stream ad ko reject kr diya gya hai please help . Jab mai khub apne content banta hu

- Facebook Ad Examples - Find the BEST Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en in this video you're going to learn how to find examples of real life facebook ads i'm going to go over three tools that you can use to discover your competitors ads and see what's working and what isn't working if this is your first time here my name is armando and i work with small business owners and entrepreneurs helping them with lead generation strategies so they can bring in more customers and make more sales and if that's something that you're interested in click the subscribe button so that you don't miss out on any of the future videos the very first tool that i'm going to cover is one that is native to facebook and it is the facebook ads library now i've got links in the description for all three of these tools so you can go ahead and click on them and get to it and follow along if you want to do that kind of stuff okay so the very first one is negative to facebook like i mentioned and it is 100 free i'm going to show you what this does and how it is that i use it so so the facebook ads library is a is a tool by facebook that allows you to filter either by location or by category so one of the things that you come to first is this category options and this is kind of cool because if you're running special category ads you can filter just those political ads housing employment credit most people aren't really doing that um there so i'm just going to click on all ads now here i got an opportunity to search either by specific advertiser which is very tedious because you have to know who's advertising or by specific keyword or by specific uh sort of like city i guess if we will so let's just take a look at this and let's say that i am in the um hardwood floor okay hardwood floor uh niche and i'm a contractor and i just do hardwood flooring so all i would do is i would search for hardwood floor here and facebook tells me that it has a little over 1700 more or less 1700 results from this here and i get to scroll down and i get to see which ads are running and which ads are inactive based on you know what facebook has in its library so you get to see carousel ads i get to see static image ads i get to see also video ads uh what's cool about this is that you get to really spy on your competition and you get to see their creative the type of ads that they're using along with their offer along with their ad copy and even a little bit more details when you click see more details in this ad and you get to see the page that it that it belongs to and if you wanted to just go straight to that page you can click see more ads and you'll only see pages uh and you'll only see ads from this specific page okay one of the things that i like to do here is i like to utilize the filters so i click on filters and i'm able to break this down my platform so if i just want to see instagram ads or messenger ads i could do that if i just want to see active ads i can do that as well but i typically do both inactive and active one thing that is really really cool is the breakdown by creative type so if i just want to see videos i just click video this will start to pre-load all the advertisers that are there and if i apply my filter it just shows me ads that have you know anything to do with hardwood flooring um that have video on them so i get to see what these guys are doing so this is useful uh typically what i'm doing here is i'm kind of scrolling through this getting ideas from my clients seeing what videos are are up and running and i'm actually looking at the starting running date uh this is very key for me because if an ad has been running for a really long time it's pretty much guaranteed that it's going to be successful not always but it's a pretty good indicator that if i've got an ad running for six plus months it's successful you know so i typically uh you know look for that kind of stuff here you can filter i believe you can uh you know differently here so this one's been running since january okay so january 10th 2021 and we already in april so i you know this ad right here um probably is doing pretty good for this company the other thing you can do is you can actually click the learn more button and it will take you to the landing page of where this ad is supposed to go to so you gotta scope out the landing page and see if it kind of has all the elements that you need maybe compared to yours and your clients uh and uh again pretty pretty neat tool the second tool that i like to use is a plug-in and this is a chrome extension and what this extension is called it is my ad finder and this is kind of a cool little extension and what it does is it basically disables everything off of your news feed except for ads so when you scroll through your news feed you're only being able to see the ads that are targeting uh you and the ads that are flying uh in your newsfeed so i'm going to show you how that works it's a totally free extension by chrome it is called um my ads finder so i if i enable it here you get to see that what's happening here on facebook is it's going to filter out the news feed and it's only going to show me ads now i'm not going to see anything of my friends list i'm not going to see any posts from anybody just add so here goes one from a law firm you get to see like they're targeting people who had broken pipes you get to see what kind of ad it is the other thing that's kind of cool here is and this is kind of how i use this when i see an ad like this and maybe it has similar demographics or similar audiences uh to like one of my clients or an ad that i may want to run i usually click on the three dots there and i see why i click on why am i seeing this ad and what it does is it gives me sometimes it'll give me a list of targets right so it's trying to reach people um who are interested in house insurances and more so so this ad specifically it's got interest targeting of people who are interested in house insurance and hail okay um it's trying to reach people who are 18 years of age or older and it tells me the demographic uh information so um they're targeting people in a specific city so i can jot that down because if i have a client that's in a similar space that may help me sort of narrow down my uh my audiences as well so here's another one that's being that i'm being targeted with you kind of see the same thing and what's cool about this tool is that you can add it to like the ads library which basically it basically creates your own swipe file of ads that catch your eye or they have a good offer or a great headline or a good landing page etc so that's how i'm using that you can see more information here i'm actually taking a note and jotting this down as i'm doing research and what kind of creative they're using is it eye popping does it make me stop what kind of text are they using as well are they using big letters bright colors are they using video all that stuff is going to um be important to me so here's an interesting one and this is kind of how i look at this i'm looking at this one solar solution i see that their premier solar installation company blood there's no real offer here okay nothing at all there's no reason why i you don't want to click here there's nothing that entices me the only thing that this ad has going for themselves is that they have an attractive woman on the cover of the picture right and that may stop you know may stop people it may may have clicked right so you kind of see you kind of see that the comments in here they're all related to what she looks like okay nothing to do with um with actual solar panels at all so beautiful looks good um all this stuff right and and mostly men so uh this ad i would say for this company is not gonna be very effective uh it's not bringing in leads uh definitely not doing his job so if i were to be prospecting i would reach out to these people and be like hey i saw your ad you know is there any way that i can help you you know run this a little bit better get some more leads etc okay and i'll just keep going down this list and i'll just you know take note of everything that i am looking at things that stop me things that i feel like are good i take a look look at a lot of ads that have a ton of comments they have a ton of reactions because they maybe have they may been running for a while and you kind of get to see what's going on there with those ads okay this next tool that i'm going to show you is by far my favorite tool this is my go-to tool when i'm doing research when i'm trying to spy on my competition when i'm trying to get creative ideas ad copy because this tool allows me to also look at things not only from facebook but from instagram but from google and from youtube it's the only tool that i know of that i can display all the ads that are running on youtube and google for ppc uh for your competitors in this in this specific way there's a link in the description to this tool if you guys want to grab that and follow along it's called advert suite and here's kind of what it does when you log in here you get to pick your platform and you get to choose how you're going to be searching for your stuff in my case i typically just click keywords and then on ad type you get to see you get to choose whether you want that keyword to be searched for on the in the comments landing pages or in the ad text i typically just choose add text um you have all these other options as well like you can filter things down by all the people who are using click funnels leak pages or just leave it blank you can check to see if you just want to look at ads that are images or video positioning of the ads depending on the news feed uh one thing that is actually really cool that i like to do is i like to select this filter here that says running the longest because the ones that are running the longest or the ones that have the most engagement are going to be like the best ads really they're the most profitable uh you can choose your country of choice in here or you can choose ads that are fresh basically they've been seen between a specific range of of dates uh you can choose your language gender all kinds of things even special interests things like crypto fitness cbd all that stuff you can see what's working and what isn't when you click search here uh in in this case i'm going to search for something like real estate you get to see all the ads that are showing up across facebook in this case for real estate like this is a doodle for real estate video here's one from tom ferry you get to see some keller williams stuff uh you get to see some other event kind of kind of ads in here and and it's really kind of cool it's really uh it's really eye-opening you get to see how many likes they've got comments shares when these ads were last seen so if they're fresh and they're still running this one for example february 2020 was the one last scene um and so therefore it's kind of an old ad so you could filter all this out by using you know this kind of stuff here one thing that i that is cool about this is if you click on this um on this little icon with the question mark and you click on see add details it takes you to an entire page that kind of analyzes this for you okay it gives you a screenshot of the landing page what they're doing here it tells you when it was first seen so for example this ad was first published january 28 2020 and it was last seen 3 323 2021 okay uh actually here's the poster here i'm sorry this is when it was posted and this is when they ran it so this ad was ran for 420 days that means that this ad is probably really profitable for these guys so if you want to see what people are running on google as far as adwords go you can click the google ads icon here and you can filter this down by keywords by domain all kinds of stuff and you can put the keyword that you want in here that's in either the ad copy or it's either in the ad text itself you can filter by newest or oldest or running the longest etc and once i search here you kind of see what's going on here now here's what it looks like if you want to search youtube you simply just click on the youtube icon here again you just adjust your filters to whatever you want to search for in this case i chose keywords and real estate i left everything else just the way it was very broad and it's going to go down and show me the actual videos the actual ads that are running on youtube right now they're creating their ads their offer everything for specific keywords so um this one for example is from a virtual flipping workshop uh it's a 30-second uh video and you can also filter by positioning so if you just want to see things that are in things that are either in the news feed or the site column you can do that now if this video was helpful uh give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing all the links to these resources are in the description and i'll see you guys on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @gad1023 [1 likes]: That's very valuable information, thank you.
  2. @Saenzdigital: Which tool will you be using?
  3. @theladysmanpodcast: Tried to get advertsuite…do we have to wait for the new release?
  4. @johnjr.5241: Thanks for this vid. The only video mentioning AdvertSuite that doesn't have fake (paid for) comments and uses a filter other than "Likes." I was starting to think this software was a scam because every review was exactly the same, from the video to the filters to the fake comments. Most importantly, towards the end of your demonstration on the FB ads, we see dates closer to the date you posted the video, letting us know all the information isn't from 2018/2019. So thanks again for posting something people can use to help make a decision. When I decide to purchase, I will use your link just because of this vid. You have a new subscriber!
  5. @migueljara6284: Hey Armando, this is Miguel I just bought advertsuite from your link.

- 50 Facebook Ad Examples That Made Millions: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys Matt died here today I'm going to show you 50 Facebook ad examples that made millions you know when I first got started with Facebook ads I really struggled coming up with creative ideas I was very confused with whether I should use long copy or short copy or what images work best or what type of posters use a newsfeed post or clicks to the website um so what I did over the last two years every time I saw a ad in my feed that had received hundreds of thousands of likes shares or comments I saved that and whenever I saw other people's websites example of an ad I copied it to my computer and over the last two years I came up with hundreds of different ads and what I did was just compile them all to the 50 best ads and this is throughout ecommerce industries the information publishing make money online all different types of industries and I put together into one PDF and I'm going to walk you through it today this is going to really help you come up with ideas for your next campaign so if we start what I did was I screenshot a bit so some of these I need to zoom in on but other ones you can see right off the bat and what I found was that when analyzing the 50 of these about half of them use short copy and half of them used long copy so I there was really no right method whether which one converts the best here's an example of a free plus shipping offer that launched this brand if you look at it it has 31 thousand likes and twelve thousand shares and it's it's just a very simple ad then you get to Mike Dillard now this is a very long ad and a picture and you can see what headlines they use and you can also see the links they insert inside the text another thing is that usually the first paragraph an ad is responsible for the most of the results of the ad so now you can go through each of these and see are they leading with a story or a headline or a problem here's Sam oven he's been running these ads for a couple years now you can see these digital marketer they're a great one to copy to they just have a simple ad that just goes right to a landing page where they offer this Dollar Shave Club they've done great job launching their brand via viral ads to that juicing vegetables so I also noticed that out of these 50 it was split pretty much 50/50 between video ads and image ads here's an example of a video ad dannhenry launched his Facebook Ads course and he did it with a it's going to a webinar but he'd say image ad here's another one very simple kind of just the desire headline with their value probable write ads free for just twenty dollars the video ad on it they do the free plus shipping offer Tai Lopez this is for the drop shipping course he was partnering with Adrian Morrison as an affiliate and you can see they started the video ad and he links throughout with his affiliate link they're up to add to the training here's another interesting ad Vince Reed in this one there's not much text in the ad but if you watch the video it kind of has the text throughout the whole video so different hazardous ads is really popular 660 200 likes twelve hundred shares 419 comments skinny coffee Club carbon cocoa if there's a quick testimonial video and Frank Kern drinker and launched a product with the video so what I want to do for you today I put this in a PDF if you want to click the overlay that says gets white file now or you can go down to the link and just click the link in the description it'll take you to a landing page where you can just opt in and get this white file I use this I use every time to launch new ads I just quickly stroll through it and just going through it once it's going to give you a ton of ideas for your next campaign and you can also see go through these and making those so what works best for these and what didn't work all right so to get that click the link above the overlay or go down to the description and click the link to go to the landing page you get the pdf

- 5 Tips To Make BETTER Facebook Ad Creatives (with examples): Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to our YouTube channel we talk about all things Facebook ads my name is Sydney I'm a Facebook ad expert at vertex marketing agency and today I want to talk to you about five creative tips so you can improve your Facebook ads today they're gonna be really easy really simple to follow and let's just get started my first creative tip is that unpolished more authentic content tends to perform better people not only prefer that kind of content we can actually really notice when it's not and often that type of AD looking content sticks out like a sore thumb I know personally what I'm strolling on Instagram or Tick Tock and I see an ad that doesn't look like a normal video on my feed I skip it right away so you want to make sure you're giving off that very authentic platform like Vibe with all of your ads for you to actually get noticed and the reality is that overly professional looking TV style ads tend to not perform as well as just casually shot ugc content that you can get from creators hey guys quick little side note while I was trying to find some content to put inside of this YouTube video I want to show you the fact that even larger Brands like Lululemon are using more user generated content for bottom of the funnel like conversion objectives versus when they use something more like reach or traffic they're using more branded professional taken type of content so I went on the tick tock ads Library which I know we're talking about Facebook ads here here it's just really easy to search up a brand and also break it down by the objective that they're using so I searched up Lululemon because I noticed that in their ads Library they were running a lot of branded content and like professionally shot videos and stuff so I went Lululemon United States objective and if I break that down if I use the reach objective you'll see they're using a lot of branded content where it's obviously professional videographer who came in and took these videos and put them together now if I actually use the conversion objective which is basically what we should be looking at for the most part if you actually want to get you know sales and conversions on your site for Facebook again where you're using Tick Tock as an example here because the same principles typically do apply and you'll see that all of the content that they have for their conversion objective campaign is user generated content and although the here they are selling I think it's the mirror that you put up in your house and it helps with the workouts that's a different product but nonetheless for their conversion based objectives they're using user generated content for everything here and for the reach objective they were using more branded content so if you're using the conversion objective user generated content and unpolished more authentic videos are going to perform better almost across the board and even for larger Brands like Lululemon so keep that in mind so my first tip for your Facebook ads is to focus more and rub your head around the fact that unpolished more authentic content tends to perform better don't get so hooked up on how professional your video looks for your brand and while keeping it on brand is important make sure that you're staying with the content of the platform my second tip is to not be afraid to use humor and make your audience smile people are usually going to social media to be entertained and so you know coming back on my last point if your ad doesn't look like the rest of the content that it does on their platform that's gonna stick out like a sourceum and people are going to scroll right by it so don't be afraid to use humor and actually lean into the entertaining nature of the platform there's so many different ways that you can talk about your product talk about your brand and a fun and engaging way rather than focusing on being super super professional and really not cracking a smile so don't be afraid to use humor guys my third tip to improve your Facebook ad creative is to use audio to enhance the ad now I'm not saying to design your ad for only being played with the sound on that's not what I'm saying because that's simply not true I think Facebook said about 85 percent of people actually scroll on Facebook and Instagram with the sound off so you want to make sure that your ad is designed to be played and understood with the sound off but when the sound is turned up and turned on you want to make sure it's a delight to listen to and that it really enhances their experience so in order to do this you can add subtitles whenever someone's talking and in fact adding subtitles and text overlays is a great way to improve your ad to get more reach and really make people understand what it's about get them to take the action that you want them to take so my third tip is to use audio to enhance your ad tip number four is to work with creators this kind of summarizes all of my points that I just use that we want to be authentic we want to be creative we want to use whom humor make them smile speak your audience language and you can do this very easily by using creators we call this ugc you might want to call it cgc for Creator generated content whatever you want to call it get real people inside of your ads that are not overly produced highly professional type type of content you want to make sure it's very authentic someone is recording a video with their phone inside their bedroom and make it feel very real a few ways that you can go about finding creators to create video content for your brand are places like Billow and I have a link for that in just in the description below for you to go sign up but I love using below Tick Tock Marketplace is another great place where you can go find creators or understand what it's like to work with a Creator and while this is Facebook you can still use tick tock creators for all of your video content another place is Instagram there's a lot of micro influencers on Instagram who are looking to make yourself big and they're starting with creating content for Brands and doing Partnerships so you can go on Instagram find some creators who are looking to grow and work with other brands and you can get video content from them you can also go to places like Twitter and a lot of people have ugc Creator looking for work in their description or in their bio and you can go and get in contact with them there so there's a ton of different places and lots of different apps that you can use I named Billow but there's a bunch of other ones on the web that you guys can search up simply go on Google and type ugc creators to work with and you will find a ton of different platforms but tip number four is to use creators and to not only use highly professional content shot inside of a studio because they can work but they tend to not work as well as ugc and very authentic type of content from creators and my final tip is to have creative diversity do not be afraid to try out totally new and totally different things even if it's not something that your brand would typically try out don't be afraid to try those new things you can get ideas from places like Tick Tock ads library and use the region and the country and the conversion objective to find ads that other brands are doing and get some ideas from there you can search up some of your competitors on Facebook ads Library see what kind of ads that they're writing to Source ideas and while I never recommend copying you can Source ideas you can get ideas for things that are on Trend or that other people are doing so that you can then improve your own Facebook ads and Instagram ads so diversity inside of your creatives and inside of your ad account can help you reach different markets of people and while in the past we used to say get super super specific on that single person use all of the different interests and behaviors so you can Target a very small segment of people and they are the ones who purchase those days are gone and we want to make sure that we're tailoring to a broad audience and ultimately that allows you to scale when you can really tailor to a lot of different people and different types of creatives will resonate with different types of people Everyone likes something different and so if you can have a little bit of everything inside of your own ad account you're giving yourself the best chance to scale by reaching larger segments of people so keep that in mind creative diversity is super important and even though you haven't tested it out yet or you might not be super going home about it your audience might be so don't be afraid to test out new things things and that's pretty much it if you guys like this video content today you learned something new hit that Thumbs Up Button hit that subscribe button if you haven't already we come up with new videos about Facebook ads every single week if you have any more questions or comments drop them in the comment section below or you can join our free forum called toffee and marketing.org and I will answer all your marketing questions for free that's it for today and we'll see you in next week's video [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mindesigns [1 likes]: Love easy and simple to follow !! great effort
  2. @purpose6113 [1 likes]: Great vid!!
  3. @MrSupervillin [1 likes]: You are the best 🤟
  4. @WordsofArtC [1 likes]: Thank you for all the ideas around creatives and improving creatives ! It really helps ! Keep them coming 😅
  5. @Exerciseball [1 likes]: Hi
  6. @Maxtunes2590: Awesome content!
Sometime ago you guys made a video about unlocking hidden interests segmentation on Facebook ads, but i think that is outdated, could you please make an updated version of that method ? 🙏
  7. @lowieverschelden: Thank you very much!

What is your idea about copy in FB/IG reeels format? Do you think it is still important? Or is it better to provide more info in the video and/or in the leadform?
  8. @BetterChoicePainters: Great video on tips to make better Facebook Ad Creatives, and it was really helpful! You explain each tip really well and gave examples to help illustrate how to put them into practice. Even though it's a complex topic, the video isn't too difficult to follow, which is great. The video was really engaging and learned a lot from it.
  9. @moneyripper2670: Hey do you know why Facebook doesn't preview my creative? Like when I upload a 1080px-1920px Image it shows up on ad preview except on Instagram Reels and Instagram stories. If you know the cause can you please help.
  10. @suvirdatta: You Guys are so pretty, I love your all Idea. Thanks a lot to provide your all skill to us for free.  No Body share there full skills. But you guys are Awsame.
  11. @Exerciseball: You are doing great thanks for the information video

- Top Facebook Ad Design Tips That Convert to Clicks (Plus Examples): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook is home to more than six million advertisers even though it's such a crowded marketing space Facebook offers the highest return on investment of any social media platform but it must be used properly hello world my name is Mike plugger and I'm here with viz me which empowers everyone to create beautiful and engaging advertising visuals social media graphics and other visual content now the ultimate goal of creating a Facebook ad is to make a viewer stop their seemingly endless scrolling and take action with your brand if your ad isn't motivating a viewer to engage with your product or your service it's not an effective ad the best way to interrupt your Facebook scroller is with a well-thought-out visual and over the next few minutes we'll tackle a number of tips to help you create stunning visuals stopping scrollers in their tracks and changing the way you market through Facebook shall we now there's no better way to sell a product than by putting it front and center scrollers are scanning pages just waiting for something to catch their eye so you need to make sure you grab their attention one of the best ways to do this is with your own high quality photo of your own product Facebook is a sea of low quality images Nike is not one of them they highlighted one of their cleats with a simple high-resolution image and notice the only text that they used in their post is the name of the cleat followed by a few powerful words clean and simple on what they're selling now maybe you're asking but Mike what if I'm selling multiple products well don't worry facebook offers a carousel ad which lets you showcase up to 10 visuals within one single ad these are particularly useful because they stand out and they're interactive users can swipe from image to image making the ad more engaging and effective now well actually discuss carousel ads a little bit more here shortly as they can help in more ways than one and even if you're not selling a tangible product you can still use some professional quality photos to sell a service or a virtual product an e-book is an example that comes to mind for a virtual product you would want to showcase the cover or even the first page to draw a reader in or if you're selling a service like maybe your own photography business use some photos from previous clients showcase your work as best you can so a customer knows what to expect if they hire you now if you're a b2b or a SAS company product photography isn't much of an option what would be much better is creating your own illustrations these are totally customizable allowing you to cater your image to your target customer you can get creative and have fun with it just as MailChimp did here in these Facebook ads incorporating icons and your illustrations can be beneficial as well they're recognizable and can save a ton of space if you use them to replace text just be sure to use a similar icon style if you're using multiple icons in one image you don't want your image to look sloppy this is actually one of the services that vis me can help you with you can create your own beautiful Facebook ads with thousands of free built-in graphics illustrations icons and more try us out at vism CEO but not just yet as we still have more tips to cover before you begin believe it or not colors are more than just colors colors actually have meaning this infographic sums up what emotions a color can elicit in a viewer if you're thinking of using a color different from your logo take a look at this graphic and decide what you want your viewers to feel is it optimistic is it creative is it neutral you start to get the idea you can also check out viz means own blog post where we dive deeper and do color psychology with that in mind remember you will be advertising through Facebook since the social media giant primarily uses white and blue your best bet is to advertise using anything but that color scheme use bright colors and create strong contrast to that Facebook blue and a or Asia like you see here couldn't have done a better job they won't win that poppin red which immediately catches a viewers eye and no matter what color you decide on make sure there's a variation between the background color and the elements in your photo if you use a dark background use lighter text to make it more noticeable as you have here with harley-davidson in G to crowd the same goes with a light background in darker text now whatever photo you use make sure there is a purpose behind that specific photo a deeper meaning should lie within the image itself don't just use an image because you thought it was a good picture when starting to determine your reason think of why you created the ad in the first place are you showcasing a product supporting a cause solving a problem you want your message to resonate with your audience your target audience will share the same values interests and beliefs as your company Dollar Shave Club crushed gender stereotypes in their Facebook ads through visual storytelling they're able to immediately connect with their audience and in turn sales will soon follow now we mentioned Carol saw ads earlier but here we see them again with multiple pictures it's a little easier to tell a story reworked used a carousel ads to highlight the various benefits of booking a workspace through their website and what was previously known as a canvass ad is now known as the instant experience with the instant experience ad you can take your viewer on an interactive fullscreen visual journey these allow you to create a fully customized experience that is sure to grab and keep a viewers attention coca-cola took advantage of the opportunity here when debuting their new aluminum bottles they took advantage of the opportunity to use photo and before I get ahead of myself let's look into ways that you can do the same what if I told you that people spend five times more time on video content than static images what about the fact that people are nearly two times more likely to make a purchase after watching a video Facebook videos have changed the game for advertisers as they're engaging interesting and tell stories as we just talked about in order to connect emotionally and make the most of your video ads here are some tips number one keep your videos short I'm talking no more than 15 seconds grab your viewers attention right away and lock them in your viewer doesn't have all the time in the world to watch sponsored content and number two ensure your video makes sense with Alex audio the majority of people won't have enabled with their autoplay so make sure you have subtitles or text overlays to help them better understand your video [Music] now we've covered the tips for making the most of your visuals but that's not all you need to know when it comes to advertising on Facebook with 97% of b2c businesses and 89% of b2b businesses using Facebook creating stunning visuals is just the beginning of creating compelling ads your need your content to land in front of the right audience and most importantly convince them to take action here are a few tips to do so ad copy gone right not necessarily visuals can be very important but great ad copy can also boost an ad success characteristics of effective ad copy include keeping it short and sweet finding a way for it to offer value ad copy can instill a sense of urgency in a viewer and it can also reduce uncertainty and build trust in your viewers no online ad is complete without a call-to-action button you can have the most compelling story imaginable but if you don't guide a viewer with what to do next you won't see any results examples can include a shop now' button if you're showcasing your product or try a register to win button if you're promoting a contest Marcato encourages users to download a free sample in their facebook ads as you can see here facebook offers a variety of targeting options to ensure your message is reaching the right audience take advantage of their help you can customize colors tone of voice the call to action button or the message to better your chances of a response 1-800 flowers use Facebook Ads to target men into buying flowers for their significant other on Valentine's Day and trust me it worked where will your ads be placed on Facebook well that's completely up to you but optimizing your ad for a specific occasion is key as your ad will appear differently depending on where you place it if you plan on advertising in the newsfeed it will appear on both mobile and laptop desktop computers however if someone is viewing it on their phones there's a lot less room for ad copy so you'll want to keep it concise if you advertise on the right column of Facebook it will be cheaper but that's because it's not visible to those who are scrolling on their phones and the right column ads are much smaller and more difficult to read so these work better with customers who are already well aware of your company finally don't just create one design and throw it out into the world come up with multiple ad versions and split test them to see what works best you can test ad copy your call-to-action button visuals colors all the characteristics that we've talked about in this video you might be surprised with the results and after testing you're ready to go it's time for your ad to be seen by the world at the end of the day it's all about grabbing a facebook scrollers attention with the right visuals and ensuring that they take action with your brand I hope this video helps you as you embark on the next challenge and with whatever you're taking on next don't hesitate to check out business channel for more content on how to help your design adventures thank you so much for watching don't forget to subscribe and for now I'm Mike loader with vis me helping you make information beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @OkelloDunkleyDSLRWorkshops [5 likes]: Is he Jimmy Kimmel's little brother?
  2. @LiamWoodShots [1 likes]: Finally found a video that actually shows real examples with explanations! Top video thanks!
  3. @marks9444 [1 likes]: An ad for an ad...
  4. @Chris-ob1im [1 likes]: Thank you for a clear video that focuses on the important! I wish I had seen this before.
  5. @izabellegrenon: Thanks! Really great, no fuss and clear video.
  6. @dontrez8412: She probably invented YouTube Shorts and didn't even know it.
  7. @kristiyannikolov8473: You are a good looking man but please don’t persuade people to invest in paid adverts unless they are not ready to spend 20/30K. 
Small business must not invest couple of hundreds despite their hard work on creatives or hiring a marketing professional. There is a way which I will share
  8. @ghazanfarkhanmalghani1640: Very professional
  9. @canaykoseoglu4766: Excellent job on that video! I am quite grateful. I'd like to provide some suggestions on this subject. Making the images for my ads was done with Canva. I then met with WASK. As I can make and manage my own ads, I don't understand why I should pay for a design tool. As a result, I strongly recommend that you go to WASK.
  10. @AFoxtrot: Yes! We have been observing the use of color schemes to improve the ad creative performance at Adbox. Yellow and black is definitely a powerful combination to make the ads pop.
  11. @ceyda7462: As I amateur advertiser, I can suggest WASK. In my opinion, the designer is the best part of it. I can design my ad images and use them for my Facebook ads. Honestly, it is not the best design platform but I like to not pay for creating ad images. I can both design and publish from one single channel.
  12. @hyk2005: another excellent tips from visme. by the way I'd like to learn  how to presenting and public speaking technique like Mike did.
  13. @apersonlikeanyother6895: Great. So waffle free!
  14. @vanlongecolodge4505: great tips, thanks
  15. @SabatoDeSimone: Amazing tips, thanks! 🙏
  16. @adh-techie: Create Facebook in 4 Steps Trailor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVVnGlrxIko
  17. @standardeducareglobal2550: Greate tips ..........
  18. @maryjanevivas1086: great video. Thanks for this!
  19. @WatchThisNOWNow: Could it be possible to have all those tips into a pdf? 
Great to follow along instead of watching a video: text has its advantages over video, it's less moving and changing enabling the brain to grab its meaning then apply it.

Apart from that thanks for those tips, great info.
  20. @sweetflower6630: https://promo.grsm.io/kaoutarchakir8749

- This Facebook Ads Strategy BLEW UP My Home Service Business (Copy Me): Kind: captions Language: en Most pest control or any service company don't think that Facebook ads work. They boosted posts. They pay for leads that never answered their phone. They spent money that they couldn't tie back to actually getting jobs on the schedule. So what do they do? They shut it off. And he said that Facebook ads just isn't for their service business. But want to know the truth? Facebook ads absolutely [music] work for pest control, lawn care companies, any service company, but only when you understand how to use them strategically. In this video, I'm breaking down exactly how we use Facebook ads, how to drive website traffic, phone calls, and jobs actually put on the schedule without burning through our budget. If you're running a pest control company or any other service business, and you want more predictable demand, then this video is for you. [music] Hey guys, my name is Jonathan. I'm the founder of Pest Budger. I've been in the service industry for 17 years, and over the past 5 years, we've scaled from one location to 17 locations across five states. I use this channel to share what's actually working for me and I wish my mentors would have documented their journey. So I'm documenting mine for you and hopefully this will help you guys grow your service company. As you guys know, I get to travel the country and I speak to hundreds of operators and I see the same thing and almost every time we sit down to go start growing through their ads. Uh they typically have no idea what type of lead they're actually buying or what lead they're supposed to use for their business. Facebook just doesn't hand you customers, but it gives you different types of intent, different strategies and awareness for every stage of your business. And once you understand the difference, everything else clicks. Facebook gives you a bunch of objectives. They give you engagement. They give you awareness, traffic, leads, sales, and app promotion. So, I'm going to give you the top three that we like to work with. The first one is website traffic. Basically, Facebook sends people to your website to learn more about your services. Uh, you guys have to remember that these are very low intent and that's okay because their cost per click or leads are pretty inexpensive. You talk about 20 to 30 cents. But just remember like you're typically not buying book jobs here. You're buying attention. You're getting all the data and for future opportunity. So, website traffic typically works best when you're going into a new market and you're trying to build brand awareness for your territory. uh you're kind of warming people up before they're even ready to buy. Again, you're just getting your name out there. But the biggest mistake that I see when people start running uh these objectives is people expect an immediate ROI from them for these traffic campaigns. And this is not the goal here. Uh website visitors feed your retargeting funnel, which is actually where you guys start to make money later on. But just remember, if your website's super slow or it's confusing, it doesn't have like a clear call to action or a lead form and it doesn't convert, then it doesn't matter how much traffic you get. So, make sure that, you know, I talked about this in a different YouTube video. Just make sure you have a high converting website that they can fill out lead form to contact you. So, that's the first one we like to talk about. Hold up, quick pause. If you're running a pest control company or fertilization weed control company, you're not in our Facebook group, you're choosing the harder path. every operator that's there skipping years of mistakes because people are actually sharing what's working right now. So stop trying to brute force your way through growth alone. Search Pest Control Millionaires on Facebook or click the link below. And now let's get back to it. The next one we like to use is the click to call ads. Basically someone goes into your ad, they click on the click now button or call now button and automatically calls your office. These are obviously very high intent leads cuz no one's going to call your pest control company for fun. Nobody's going to call your lawn care company to chat or to just find out pricing. That's typically what they're not calling for. They have a problem. They want it solved. With these leads, you're going to pay a little bit more for them because it's more higher intent. You're talking $15 to $40. And I've actually seen them high as $100. But once they get that high, I'd recommend shutting them off. But they work really good for rodent infestations, you know, was nest removals. You got termite concerns, e any basically any emergency pest uh situation. I've even work really good for grub damage. And some people when they have, you know, like army worms or really bad lawn disease outbreaks, these will work really, really good. So, this isn't my favorite type of ad to run in the busy season because most companies just don't have enough people in their office, especially just starting out uh to answer these calls. So, if you you're paying for these leads, you don't answer them, you try to come back the next day, it's just not going to work. So, you have to answer these calls within seconds. You have to have a simple competent sales script that I talked about a whole separate YouTube video that came out a few weeks ago. But if you treat uh these calls like your life depends on it and you answer it every single time, these will work very very good for your service company. [music] So the third type and my favorite is a lead form where basically they have a lead form on Facebook that they fill out that captures their name, phone number, email, and then even their service interest. You can put in there uh some questions in there to create some friction all without ever even leaving the platform which obviously Facebook likes. Um, I would say these are a little bit lower intent than calls, but they're still very, very scalable and predictable, which I like. And you're going to pay anywhere from, again, you know, 12 to 30 $40 for uh these leads as well. Uh, these are really, really good for uh, you know, quarterly pest control, anything reoccurring. Uh, mosquito is really good, ongoing fertilization, weed control programs, like I said, any reoccurring service, these are really, really good for. But lead forms reward one thing above anything else and that is speed dele. If you call within the first five minutes, you'll win. But as you wait an hour or the next day, the lead is already dead. And trying to follow up these people is almost impossible. You got to remember that they're on their phone when they fill out the lead form. So the best time to call them is obviously when they're on their phone. So to highlight the big takeaways that we just talked about is you don't have to just pick one. uh website traffic builds awareness and obviously creates your retarget audience. So when you're running ads later on, you can go to retargeting ad. You can pick last 30, 60, 90 days, whatever you pick um and start retargeting all those people to drive them towards your new um call to action to get them to sign up later on. A lot of times people have to see you up to 21 22 times before they ever buy from you. So, the more that you're in their face, whether it's every door direct mail, whether it's postcards, YouTube, Tik Tok, whatever, the more they see you, uh, you're retargeting them on Facebook, the better chance that they are going to buy from you. So, next, let's talk about creative, how to set these Facebook ads up. But first, you guys have to know that Facebook ads are interruption marketing. Uh, there people aren't actively searching for Pest Control or any other service company when they see your ad. They're scrolling through their feed. They're looking at, you know, vacation photos, memes, or whatever else they might be scrolling on Facebook for, but your ad has a job above anything else, and that's to get them to stop scrolling. If you don't grab their attention within the first two to three seconds, nothing else really even matters. Your offer doesn't matter. Your targeting doesn't matter. They're not jumping on Google saying pest control near me or putting in their problem that they're having. They're just aimlessly scrolling, basically wasting time, right? All right. So, here are the creatives that we like to use. Obviously, videos, pictures, before and afters, uh they work really, really well. So, with the video, you have your trucks, you have your technicians, you're out there doing the treatments. Basically, the movement is what stops people from scrolling, stops those thorns from scrolling. So, make sure you just get uh videos of your team spraying for mosquitoes, maybe have a technician taking down a wasp mask, putting down rodent bait boxes, anything like that. Uh before and after pictures work really good, too. So, if you have like ants in the kitchen, you see a trail of ants and then versus a clean kitchen, you have a a brown weed filled lawn and then also in a thick green weed-free lawn on the other side. Uh before and after pictures work really, really good. Obviously, they have to be strong um thumbnail style images. Make sure that just simple, clear, one message on them. Don't make it too wordy and make it short, simple, right? Uh it should also look like content and not look like an ad, right? So, make sure that you're just being very creative about this. It's not about being clear or cute or anything like that. It's just being uh interruptive and immediately get their attention and being immediately relevant. All right. So, now we have the single image, we have our video done. Now, we're going to need more the primary text uh message template and obviously your ad copy. And I'm going to give you the exact framework that I use for everything that I do. And this is very, very critical. But just remember that this doesn't only work for just Facebook. This works for every other platform too. So you have, you know, Facebook ads, Google ads, YouTube ads, every door direct mailers, postcards, door hangers, whatever you guys are doing for marketing. Uh the platform changes, but human psychology doesn't change. But here's the framework that I use for everything. So like I said, number one was the creative gets them to stop their attention. Two is a local call out. Uh this is where you just make it super personable. I could be like, "Hey, OKC homeowners," or, "Hey, Glennwick County," or, "Hey, specific neighborhood HOA homeowners." That way that they know, "Hey, this I live here and I'm a homeowner. This ad must be for me." Just make sure it's local. And you call that specific person out. Step number three is to put in their pain point, right? So, name the problem that they already know they're experiencing. Whether it's ants in the kitchen, mice in the garage, was messy by the back door, or weeds taking over the lawn. You guys are already servicing. you guys probably already have customers in these neighborhoods or in these cities. So, you already know what the issues are. Make sure when you're targeting these cities or neighborhoods that you're running the ad that the customers are already experienced with. So, like I said, one of your customers experienced ants the kitchen or multiple uh customers are experience with weeds in their lawn or specific weed at that time. Make sure you're using that ad to target that specific neighborhood and city. Next is your solution. Explain how you're going to solve that for them. You don't have to be super technical. Don't be super long. Don't need your whole process. Just enough to establish confidence that you'll control their issue. Step number five in the framework is why the customer should care. Answer the real question is why does it matter? Why does it matter? Now, obviously, it's safety for their kids, for their pets, protecting their most valuable asset, which is their home from damage, their shrubs, their bushes, um their lawn, whatever that thing is. Make sure give them a piece of mind. Um this is more emotional than it is technical, right? really really deep into why it dig into why it matters for the customer. All right, so step 5.5 is one of my favorites is make sure you're adding social proof to your ads, which is basically like a fivestar review. Uh, and to make it even better, if you can have a customer that's already in that neighborhood that is dealing with that specific pest. So, if you had mice in the garage and you had someone give you a fivestar review that lived in that same neighborhood that's having mice in the garage and how you solve it for them, that's the best social proof that you can put in your ad that will create a lot of confidence for the other homeowners and other neighborhood or other neighbors in that neighborhood. Step number six is just a clear CTA, which is a call to action. So, you're going to have one ad, one call to action, which is very simple, which is call now. Click the link below uh whatever that thing is, whatever the call to action is, but make sure in your uh copy above that when you write out the copy, one, don't make a copy super long. Two, make sure you have a clear call to action in the copy above. So, if you're writing out the copy to the right, say, "Hey, click the button below or click the button below to call now." Whatever that call to action is, make sure you have it in the copyrightiting as well. That way there's like no confusion and no multiple options, just one clear call to action that they have to do. Step number seven in the framework is a PS or a PSS. And this probably matters more than what you think. This is where your special offer lives where urgency is created or risk is removed. So PS, book this week uh and you get first treatment for 50% off or PS we only service your area until Friday. Or if you have a guarantee, you can put the guarantee in there as well. So, if the weeds come back, we'll come back out there for free, anything like that. But people will typically read the headline, they'll see the creative, and they'll drop right down to the PS. Um, so obviously having a PS or PSS is super important. Make sure you put that in there every single time. So, just remember that there's no perfect ad. The biggest thing you guys have to do is test, test, test, test, test. And this is where I actually see most people go wrong. They put up one ad copy with one creative and then they put it out there. They get it to run. Doesn't do very good and they just shut it off. So you need to test different creatives, different hooks, different offers, different local calls and obviously different call to actions and but use the same framework every single time. Then use multiple variations because uh different markets respond differently, different seasons respond differently, different services respond differently. Um so just make sure you're constantly testing. And the way that Facebook el algorithm works is obviously they want you to spend money on ads that are performing. So when you give it multiple variations, it automatically pushes the budget towards the one that's working. So it'll get engagement, it'll get clicks, it'll get conversions. Your job isn't to outsmart the algorithm. Your job is to give it options, let it optimize on its own. The algorithm picks the winner. then you can shut the other ones off and put more money behind that one and really keep pushing that thing and start scaling your ads forward. Inside of our Pest Control Millionaires program, we actually break down all this in detail. How to build the creative that actually converts, how to write copy that stops people from scrolling, how to structure and test ads without wasting a ton of money, and how to scale winners across all digital and print platforms. If you guys want our exact frameworks, testing structures, and execution playbooks built specifically for pest control, fertilization weed control, or any other service company, make sure to drop a comment below. It says Facebook ads. Hopefully, this video has helped you. Make sure to join our free Facebook group and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Davidlachancellc [3 likes]: I love watching it as a new agency owner dealing with painters and local contractors to help them book more residential and commercial jobs. This video was on point
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: You have to be prepared to call leads within a couple of minutes if you want Facebook Ads to work nowadays.  Otherwise when you call, they won't recognize your number and just won't answer.  So I agree.
  3. @pestcontrolmillionaire: Are you a pest control owner looking to grow? Join Our Facebook Group with 2,000+ Members: https://www.facebook.com/groups/pestcontrolmillionaires
  4. @GYLTLLC: Great info, thank you!
  5. @Fitcameraguy: Thank you for sharing this man! God Bless.
  6. @TahaFarooq-g5y: Instead of doing all these things like calling back to the lead asap and following up with them manually, why not you implement ai voice and chat agents that will do all of your work , just curious about that let me know?
  7. @TheMattyCartwright: Awesome video, thanks for putting your own ad examples in there, no gimmicks advice -- appreciate that
  8. @TorqC69: Why is everyone just copy pasting Hormazi strategies and langauge now? Literally every 3rd marketing video is "i learnt this from Hormozi but ill just repeat it back as my own knowledge"
  9. @WilAlvarezOnlineMarketing: Facebook Ads... Great video
  10. @_wavey_t: Create information 👏🏽
  11. @shawnawan8716: Great video! Thanks
  12. @Sam.co17: They tryna frame the dude wit infinite iframes lmaoo im crine they keep trine
  13. @TPK-t3s: facebook ads
  14. @LuisVargas-tp7bg: Just found your stuff today! Please Lee on giving this info..I’m planning on starting a pest control in my area. God Bless!
  15. @LloydReardon: Have you tested your website instant quote its 10 minutes later the system is still saying a few seconds more

- How To Advertise Your Business On Facebook 2026 (Step-by-Step): Kind: captions Language: en how to advertise your business on Facebook step by step hey guys welcome back in this video I'll be showing you guys how you can get started with advertisement on Facebook because for any business it's very essential to reach out to your potential customers build new connections and new leads and Facebook is a great platform to do so it is still one of the largest social media platforms out there so how can you expand on Facebook well the first thing you need to do is build a Facebook page if you don't have one already I already have a Facebook page so I can get started with Facebook ads however if you don't have a Facebook page it's really pivotal that you do create one for your business regardless of whichever category your business Falls in once you've created your page simply open up your page and on the left panel you have page management tools now instead of going into the ad ad Center from here I just like to click on the meta business Suite Now The Meta business Suite on Facebook allows us to see all our potential you know all our potential for our business Al together and it just helps you in managing everything that you have so as you guys can see I've opened up the meta business suite for my Facebook page and you can actually open this up for your other accounts as well now in your meta business Suite you have your management of your marketing content now advertising doesn't always just mean that you are advertising with ads you might have a lot of content lined up so you can easily manage everything and you guys will see your recent ads every kind of information that you might want regarding your own page can be found here now to get started with Facebook advertising you can click on ads on the left panel over here once you do that you can click on create ad and once you click on create ad you have a few different options so what is your goal for a ad because for any kind of product or service that you are advertising you have a end goal one might be to get more leads one might be to get started with automated ads some people might just want visitors to their website maybe you want to boost your Facebook content maybe you want to get more likes on your page get more messages get more calls now for us I just want to build more leads cuz I want my business's name to be out there I just want more customers to know about my business because they don't have an idea about our business so that is our goal you will see after you choose one goal they will ask you you know what results would you like from this ad now for us it's going to be to grow our customer base after that please create a form to be used with this ad this is displayed when potential customers interact with your ad now in your ad created you are going to choose how your ad is going to look this is going to be on the right side this is what our current ad looks like we are obviously going to customize this now we can click on use the post and use one of our pre-existing posts on Facebook and run that as an ad now for this let's say for our ad creative I might want to use a post like this one and you will see you know this is just a very basic you know preview I definitely can choose whichever you know item or post that I want below that we have a sign up form so I'm going to click on create form and I'm going to just add the form name which is going to be contact form and then I am going to have the basic email address and name and I don't want any other information then we have a short answer question I'm not going to put any of that in I'm going to keep it as simple as possible so I'm just going to ask for their name and email address if they want to contact our business now I don't like this ad creative so I'm going to edit this and I'm going to click on select media and I am going to use one of the images that we have so I think I'm going to go with the coffee one and I'm going to remove the B I'm going to add the burger one as a second image and now let's take a look at our ad preview you guys can see we have two over here after that I I am going to change the description which might be the best coffee shop in town we're serving coffee from 700 a.m. till 10 p.m. with all the trendy uh with Smash Burgers and More like this now you don't want your value proposition to be too large this is just something that is a lead magnet this is not going to be something that is going to be a very specific offering cuz I am just generating more leads in this so I'm going to provide this as a lead magnet below that we have our sign up label the basic contact form after that you will see the estimated daily results the potential leads and the payment summary now if you scroll down you have the advantage creative where you can leverage Facebook's data to automatically deliver different ad creative variations which will improve the performance of your ad so this basically means if I'm advertising the same coffee shop maybe to women I want to advertise it with content that is oriented with uh iced coffees cuz I know that's what is super trendy and a lot of women are you know going for iced coffees and maybe to the guys I am going to start recommending something like um hot coffees cuz I know that the m demographic is preferring a hot coffee so you can build different ad creatives now this usually does not require a lot of effort if you're doing this at a very surface level however if you go into the Nitty Gritty of it you will definitely have a lot of different variations you can build so I as a beginner I recommend you should stay away from building different ad creative it can be a bit difficult but you can do that as well you can also use your ad as a special ad category so if it's regarding finances social issues you can do that but for us it's not we're just going to proceed then you have your audience you have the suggested audience where it will uh take these recommended audience that it thinks would be the best for your business which is location United States interest coffee food and drink ages 18 and 65 now I might want to alter this let's click on edit and let's say I want to Target people between the ages of 25 and 30 maybe that you know is the vibe or that is my target market that's the kind of coffee bruise that I'm making is to Target that particular audience then if I have my location within a certain State let's say I am in Ohio so I'm only going to be looking to Target people that are present within Ohio you can even go a bit further and just drop your audience pck to a very you know Niche level so you can do that and then after that you're just going to click on Save audience now once you have done that you have the schedule and duration so when you want to start this advertisement campaign for your business and then how long you want to run this now I might want to run this till the 29th and that would be 13 days and then we have the daily budget you can choose your budget accordingly to what you want to pay and then you have the placements whether you want this to be on Facebook Instagram and messenger let's say I only want this to be on Facebook and Instagram I don't want this in messenger cuz I know that the frequency of people using Messenger is a lot less so I only want this on Facebook and Instagram and then after that you can enter your payment method and get started with advertising your business on Facebook so I hope you guys found this video helpful and you are now able to get started with advertisement on Facebook if you found this video helpful make sure to leave a like And subscribe to our YouTube channel and if you have any questions or queries leave those in the comment box down below I would love to know what you guys have to say

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jimssolidwoodproducts [5 likes]: Can i put business ad on facebook, for people in my area?
  2. @dempseyneal546 [4 likes]: Good video advice but your sound goes in and out so it's a bit distracting and hard to hear sometimes.
  3. @BlessedmanPlaysMC [2 likes]: Put the video in 1.5 so you dont have to suffer
  4. @MiniBlueAmongusYT [1 likes]: Hello Ma'am. I would like to ask a question. My Mom has a House with a Sari Sari Store in it and she is selling Empanadas and she wanted her Food Business to be recognized only in Iloilo... And does it have that settings on Facebook to set the Place only in Iloilo like that?
  5. @surinakoorts1391: Really liked the video thanks so much.  I have several businesses that I would like to advertise an FB and surely going to use your content.❤❤
  6. @Chef-Boyar-David: No kidding will you voice over on my add?
  7. @khethiwewmagwaza308: Awesome!!! but sound my Dear is up&down
  8. @AshleysSelfElevation: I have a newer personal unsecured loan business how can I grow potential clients?
  9. @Technestshop: I need mentorship
  10. @AndrewWilliams-k7g: Do you know if you can target certain Zip Codes or neighborhoods?   This is for a Stone and Marble Fabricator---so we want to hit areas with a certain amount of "buying power".   Thanks for a great video.
  11. @BabarYaqoob-h9i: awesome but how to change currency type?
  12. @patrickgamay1233: ❤
  13. @DreamSojourn: Can you advertise to people in certain groups?
  14. @ismaelc2915: ❤
  15. @abdielcastro9962: Hello! Can you guide me on How do i create an add from my iPhone?
  16. @Patrickdelement: Thank you that was very helpful
  17. @cynthia_amaechi: Awesome

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [5 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  5. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  6. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  7. @LindaH-k1g: Thank you for the great video 😊

I do have a couple of follow-up questions though:

1. Would you not recommend creating two separate ad sets for warm and engaged customers and cold audiences? Or is it better to simply go with the suggested audience targeting?
F2. or a smaller company with a limited budget, would you recommend having one sales campaign per category, or rather one broader sales campaign containing multiple categories/ad sets?
  8. @delonshamon: Do you have one for YouTube?
  9. @WenboJia-r8b: Very helpful man, thank you very much!
  10. @_MCDUCK_: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  11. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  12. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  13. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  14. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  15. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  16. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  17. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  18. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  19. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  20. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  5. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  6. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  7. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  8. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  9. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  10. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  11. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  12. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  13. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  14. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  15. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  16. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  17. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  18. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  19. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  20. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher

- Facebook Ads for Web Designers – Full Step-by-Step Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, I'm going to teach you exactly how to set up Facebook ads for your web design business. I'm not going to give you some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] advice like a lot of the other people on YouTube. I'm actually going to show you the type of ads that are working right now when it comes to the ad copy. So, the things that they're actually writing on the ad that is convincing the clients to actually click on the ad and get a quote. And then also the type of images that are stopping the doom scroll right now. So instead of them doom scrolling through Facebook reels, they're going to get a massive shock because they're going to see your ad bang just pop up like that and convince them to get a quote. So if you're interested in learning how to set up Facebook ads the correct way and the best way for your web design business, make sure you don't skip anything because you don't want to miss anything important. All right, so let's dive into the video. All right, so the very first thing we want to do is go into ads manager and we're going to tap on create. Right? The type of objective that we want is leads because we want them to fill out our instant form or the form on our website. Right? They're not making purchases or we don't want traffic or awareness or engagement, any of these other ones. They're all asks. They suck really bad. So, we're going to skip past all them and we're going with leads. Name the campaign, whatever you want to do it. But let's break down the campaign into three right now. So, the campaign level is based around ad budget. All right. The adset level is purely around conversion targeting. So if you want the conversion location to be on your website or an instant form, picking the correct page to run the ads on and then also the location targeting as well. All right. So and then we have the ad level which is you know as you could imagine it's the actual ad. So the magic, right? It's the thing that people see that stops them from dream scrolling that they click on and get a quote from you. You also design the actual instant form there as well. The adset level is where you pick what type of conversion location you want. But down here, if you did pick Instant Forms, this is where you design it to make it more qualifying so you don't get any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leads. And I'll teach you exactly how to do that. So, we're going to start off in the campaign level. I recommend just a daily budget to start off with. If you're from Australia, $50 to $100 per day. If you're from the United States, $35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, $25 to $50 per day as well. All right. So, we're going to just tap on next now because there's nothing else we need to do in the campaign level. So, to start off, we're starting with the conversions. The conversion location that we want is going to be Instant Forms, right? I personally recommend it because they don't tap on your ad and get taken to some shitty poor loading website, which hopefully I mean, if you're a web design person, your website should be pretty damn fantastic and load pretty fast. But, you know, there is always that risk. All right? And with Instant Forms, it keeps them directly on Facebook. Super easy to set up, too. And at the end of the day, you most likely just want them to fill out a form. So, this is the best way to do it. Right? Then, you just want to select your Facebook page down here. Here I'm just using my demonstration ad page which is what I use for all these tutorials which is just my Daniel Dimsey page for performance goal. Here's a really good tip for you. I recommend having this on maximize number of leads. Uh I don't bother with maximize number of conversion leads because you end up just paying a premium price to appear to a little bit higher intent audiences. But the thing is you can just make the other audience super high intent regardless by just having a qualifying form, which is what I'm going to show you anyway. So, if you want the same results in leads, but for a cheaper result, just keep this on maximize number of leads. Um, and then we're going to scroll down past here and we're going to go straight to audience. Now, I'm going to teach you exactly how you should be doing your audience targeting. All right, if you're going to target certain, you know, states or anything like that, you can do that in here very easily. Like this shit's pretty simple, guys. But since you can basically work from wherever, um, I just recommend targeting your whole country itself, as long as you all speak the same language, and just doing it like this. Like if I was going to run this web design ad, I would just target all of Australia, right? This is just pretty damn easy. Unless I wanted to make very specific campaigns for different areas. I'd have like one for the major cities. So, you know, web design in Melbourne, web design in Brisbane. But for this particular ad that I'm going to show you, I'm going after a certain category of contractor/trade, whichever you want to call it. In Australia, we call them tradies. Uh in America, I'm sure you call them contractors, but you know, you'll understand what I'm talking about when we get to the actual ad level. So, for this, I'm just going to target the actual whole of Australia. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down, and we're just going to tap on next. Real quick, if you're enjoying the value in this video, I have my full advertising course linked straight down the description. I go through everything I know about Google Ads, Facebook ads, and automating your entire business. It's an absolute no-brainer to get. I go through all of my templates, in-depth market research and optimizations that I have when it comes to Google Ads and Facebook ads to optimize the account to perform better and better the longer you run ads, right? I teach you all the free stuff like how to actually set up the Google Ads and Facebook Ads account on YouTube. But if you want to know how to really actually optimize the absolute hell out of those campaigns to get as much profit as possible, that's straight in the course. That's all the secrets that I can't achieve for free on YouTube. If you're interested, go jump into it. >> Now, here's exactly where the magic happens. Let's scroll down now. So, we're going to go down to add creative. By the way, you want to keep this on single image or video ad. This is just the best one in my opinion. Tap on setup creative. And we're going to tap on image ad. All right. So, I've selected my image here. We're just going to tap on next. And we just want to make all these on original. Now, as you can probably tell right now, this image is focused on electricians or electrical businesses and their website design and SEO. Right. As you can see, here's the image itself. This is actually a really high converting uh type of image that you can use for web design when it comes to Facebook ads. We've used this a ridiculous amount for one of the web designers that we've been running ads for. And this obviously is just a like a replication of that style. I have full templates in my advertising course, by the way. That's linked straight down the description if you wanted this exact template. So, you can just copy and paste this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get it live in your business ASAP. But yeah, we've got the um pointing out the exact, you know, people that we're looking for. also electricians, you know, keyword website design, which is obviously what we're doing, and SEO as well. And then bang, here's a little photo of for the actual website that we've designed for an electrical business as well, right? It's pretty damn simple and pretty damn good. Like, this is really easy when it comes to actually creating images. Like, you can just make bulk different images when it comes to Facebook ads. Test them all out and you'll find a couple winners pretty quickly. So, we're going to go past here now. Tap on next. And we're going to put in all of this stuff a little bit later. I don't want to put it in right here just because it looks like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you put it in right here cuz you can't actually see it on the ad. We're going to tap on next. We're going to get our images generated here by the holy AI, our new god, and we're going to see what it comes up with. So, right now, okay, this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ah, slight potential, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean, that one kind of looks a little bit cool, but still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, AI sucks right now. It's verified. Um, no, no, they have actually came up with a few goodies beforehand and a couple of other ads that I've created, but these ones currently, these are dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's skip past these. And I remove all of these. They're all dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm glad Facebook finally knows that I'm sick of flicking all of these off. They suck. All right. Can't be bothered explaining it into crazy degree why they suck, but basically, you want full control when it comes to Facebook ads. at least a large amount of control. So, you don't want things like text improvement, enhanced CTA, and all that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] getting in here because it's just going to change the words that you put on the ad, which is what you don't want to happen. So, I like to keep on add overlays, visual touch-ups, add music, and flex media. It's not too bad. I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it off right now. These are the main ones that are the best in my opinion. We're going to tap on done. We're going to scroll down because right now we've got the bare bones of the ad. By the way, this is how you can see it. So, Facebook feed, Instagram feed, and there's all these different, you know, other versions that you can see as well. We're going to go into the primary text and paste in our large persuasive ad copy. Bang. Here's my ad copy here. You do the work properly. You show up. You deliver quality. Yet, online, the cowboys are winning the clicks because their websites look more professional than yours, right? Really stick the knife in, twist it around, really get them hurting. All right? Because we want them to read this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and be like, "Wow, I do need a better website because I'm losing out on money right now." Okay. Now, with this ad copy, I'm just going to scroll through it. I'm not going to read you the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing, all right? Because it just be boring. If you want to, you can pause it, read it, whatever. Um, but obviously, feel free. I I give you full permission to steal this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you want. Like, if you want to steal the ad copy in here and just change it around for your business, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go for it. I really don't care. I want you to get the best results possible because then you'll realize that I actually give out true value on this YouTube page and in my course and it will actually get you to dive in, join the course and really scale your web design business with the secret strategies that I have in there and then you can thank me about it later on. All right. So, or you can thank me now by smashing like on this video. That's super helpful as well. So, for the actual headline, we're going to do this painoint focus as well, which uh I'm going to paste in something right now. So, bang, just like that. Your website is costing you jobs, right? But it rolls in with the same pain points we're starting off with, you know, about them being really good at their job yet, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guys are getting all the leads because obviously, you know, their website just looks better. All right, because this is literally costing them money by not getting this fixed. All right, so this is a really, really, really good uh CTA. All right, and what I will do quickly is I'm just going to actually change this to um I've just changed this over to tap the get quote button to get your quote. All right. Now, I changed this over just because it's a little bit easier than apply cuz apply just doesn't work as well in my opinion. So, we're going to make this get quote. So, we're going to change this call to action button here to get quote. And for the description, we're just going to put in some sort of social proof like like 79 electrical websites built. Now, the reason why this isn't popping up on the ad like right here is just because this is a little bit too long. But depending on, you know, what platform you see this ad on, whether you see it on mobile, the tiny small iPhone or the iPhone Max, the iPhone Max, you'll be able to actually see the um description cuz obviously it's wider. If you see this on a MacBook, tablet, iPad, whatever, you'll obviously see the description, but this is clearly just the um smallest one right now. So, let me just show you what that looks like. Bang. As you can see, it popped up down here. Sorry, it is, you know, quite um quite small uh because obviously I've stretched it out cuz of the ad copy. But yeah, this is what it would look like, right? Obviously, I'm going to change this back to your website is costing you. All right, so our website is built now and it looks absolutely killer. What we should do now is just go and create the instant form. I'm going to give you a explanation how to do this. Just tap on create form. So you got to go to destination first. Tap on create form. I put this on more volume. I keep the sharing settings as open and I just have flexible delivery on. That's fine. Tap on next and we're going to remove the greeting because this is just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] waste of time. If anyone ever tells you putting a greeting, just don't listen to them. Like it doesn't do anything good for your business besides make people bounce off cuz they don't understand what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on. All right? And it does happen cuz old ladies get on there and they're like, I don't know what this is. Obviously, this this ad isn't going to go to old ladies, but you might get very old electricians or like 60 years old want to update their, you know, page that's been built in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 2001. Right now, what we're going to do here first is we're going to add in questions. We're just going to have multiple choice or short answer. I like to have three to four qualifying questions. Okay, this is purely because we just want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] qualify them and make sure they're actually suited to get a quote from us. And we don't want to get tire kickass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leads in here who just, you know, enter in their details and don't actually answer the phone, right? So, what we want to do is have this on multiple choice and have yeah like about three of these multiple choice questions and a short answer question. What I like to do for the questions is, you know, you can ask around budget, best form of contact, stuff like that. And I also like to get the um short answer area and I just make them enter in their phone number manually because sometimes when they get to this side of the page because sometimes when they get to this part of the form, it'll put in their phone number, right? but it will give one of their old Facebook phone numbers that they started Facebook with and it's not up to date and you won't get their number and you think it's a Dudley but really they just didn't realize that it entered in their old number. All right, so how you write in the questions just type it in here whatever it is minimum character maximum character and then obviously they just type out their answer here. So so here's a question here. What's your phone number? Then they just type it in. So you know maximum five characters to you know 15. All right. So this way you guarantee get an actual phone number and they don't go jam a bunch of random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in here. Well, they might, but you know, very rare. Um, at least you know straight off the bat that they're a dud lead if that's the case. Not that you're going to get many, but like, you know, but yeah, um, with multiple choice, just type in your question. Then you can have in multiple different answers. The answers will just appear here. They can just tap on whatever they want. All right. So, you could have budget and then have examples of prices and everything like that. But once you've done that, scroll down. Make sure this isn't optional. We want their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phone number. I know we're getting it twice, but we need to be sure. Now, we just want to put in here anything else we might find is relevant. So, we might get their work email as well if we want. Really up to you. Um, if they don't have a good website right now, they might be new, so they might not actually have a work email. So, I wouldn't really bother with that one right now. Just grab their email, full name, and phone number. Tap on next. Put in your privacy right here. You can actually remove this if you want. Um, it's completely up to you, but it does make you look a little bit more professional if you put in a policy. You can honestly just link this directly to your website if you want. But once you've done that, tap on next. Then you can put in thanks, you're all set. And you can actually have the description as like you'll receive a quote from us within the next 24 to 48 hours or just anything like that or a phone call, whatever it is. And you can actually make this on call business if you prefer them to call you right after they've filled out the form. Or you can have this on go to website and link this to a place where it has like all of your proof of your electrical ads or whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ad you're doing. If you're doing it for hotels or whatever, I I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know what you're doing it for. So, it's like if you have proof of that, you could send them to a page specifically about that proof so they go, "Okay, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looks good. This guy knows what he's doing." All right. So, you could have like view our electrical website, something like that. And tap on create form and then you just go down, tap on publish, and then you're done. If you're the type of business owner that doesn't want to waste any time or energy on trial and error, and you just want to know everything when it comes to Google Ads and Facebook ads and exactly how to make unbelievably profitable campaigns for your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I go through everything I know when it comes to in-depth market research, the optimizations that I can't share for free on YouTube that actually continue the growth of your campaigns so you can really scale your business, and also all of my marketing templates that I literally use for my marketing agency when I run all these ads for local businesses. If you're interested in that, go to the link and buy the course. Hey. Hey. Hey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463 [1 likes]: https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @alanschutz4910 [1 likes]: Great video thank you
I have a question, how much are you paying per Lead on Meta?
  3. @Apoliticalboy: What if you want to focus on 'design based' higher ticket clients and not doing websites for contractors only?

or if not - is there a way to target general clients - and not just electricians - my eye can't tell what a good ad is or not. All the ai generated ones look fine to me and basically the same as the one you are using - that I'm assuming is hand built?
  4. @streamboxing7833: Great video
  5. @storiesunfilteredshorts: This video just opened my eyes. I am looking to get more clients for my graphic design business in my country lesotho. Can I use the same style for my packages?

- How To Design A Facebook Ad Post In Canva For Real Estate (Easiest Way) (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. If you've ever wondered how to design an eye-catching Facebook ad post for your real estate business using Canva, you are in the right place. By the end of this tutorial, you'll know exactly how to create a professionallook Facebook ad that's sure to grab attention and attract clients, even if you've never used Canva before. Let's jump right in and get started. The first thing you want to do is head over to Canva. If you haven't already, log into your account or sign up. It's free and super quick. Once you're in, look for the create a design button. You'll usually find this right at the top of the homepage. Give it a click and in the search bar that appears, type Facebook ad. This is the fastest way to make sure you're working with the perfect size and format for Facebook's requirements. No need to worry about dimensions or graphic ratios getting in the way of your creativity. Once you search for Facebook ad, you'll see a whole collection of pre-made templates pop up. Canvas templates can save you a ton of time. And since today's focus is on how to make the design process easy and effective, we'll pick a ready-made template for our ad. Take a moment to scroll through the options. Canva offers a wide variety specifically tailored to real estate. Think bold images, modern fonts, and layouts designed to stop the scroll. If you find one that fits your brand's vibe or the message you want to send, go ahead and click it. If you spot a design you like, but the colors or text aren't quite right, don't worry. You can tweak just about everything. Now, let's talk about customization. This is where you get to make the template your own. Click on any part of the design text boxes, images, buttons, and you'll see editing options pop up. For example, you can replace the placeholder image with a striking photo of one of your properties. Just drag and drop your photo into the frame. Doing this not only adds authenticity, but also helps your audience instantly connect with what you're offering. Next, focus on your headline. Think about what's most important for your buyers or sellers to know. Is it a special promotion, a new listing, or maybe a unique selling point about the property? Update the headline text so it's clear and engaging. Don't forget to double check for typos. Those little details really matter. You can also change the colors to match your brand. Just click on the elements you want to adjust and pick your preferred shades. If your real estate business uses specific colors, maybe a certain blue or a crisp white, making these changes helps your ad look polished and consistent. Remember, you're aiming for an ad that someone will spot in their feed and instantly trust. As you refine your design, feel free to add or remove elements. Maybe you want to insert your logo, social media handles, or even a call to action like book a tour today. Don't be afraid to experiment a little. Canva makes it easy to undo changes, so try different combinations until you're happy with how it looks. Once you're satisfied, hit the download button at the top right. Save your ad in the recommended format, usually PNG or JPEG for Facebook, and you're ready to upload it directly to your Facebook business page. Thanks for watching. If this walkthrough helped you design your next real estate Facebook ad in Canva, give the video a thumbs up and leave a comment below. I love hearing your questions and seeing what you create. And if you want more easy to follow tutorials like this, don't forget to subscribe and ring the bell. See you in the next video.