- Cieden testimonial series | Lykon's story about the impact of design collaboration on their product: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] and for the last eight months I worked for lycon berlin-based food tech company so let me show you how it works I'm Lucas head of digital product at lycon hi I'm the product scientist for lycon I oversee our product development for our customer Diagnostics that we offer through the app we offer DNA and blood tests to help you with Healthy nutrition we strongly believe that the way you eat should be as unique as you are the reason why we searched for an agency was that it's difficult to find a skilled designer and most of designers don't like to work alone side and solve this problem for us and we started our collaboration with Kate I create Design Concepts based research I write scripts for user interviews and conduct them create surveys user flows and finally wireframes Kate has been incredibly helpful in helping us improve the design of our app we try to communicate a lot of complicated topics in personalized nutrition and genetics and Kate has really simplified and cleaned these Concepts to make it easier for the customers to improve their life my goal as designer is to raise the gap between strategic intent and user experience delivering a design that not only is aligned with business objectives but also delight and engage the customers probably one of the most important aspects of our collaboration is that it doesn't feel that we work with an external agency Kate deeply cares about the product and the business as if she was an employee she doesn't like to cut corners or compromise on the quality she also has a quite deep understanding of the business and is always open for discussions that are outside of her responsibilities Kate however has brought a very design oriented focus and really changed the way we look at communicating to our customers our workshops have been very helpful in bringing out our creativity and applying new solutions to traditional problems one of the main things we prioritize inside in is design and development cooperation designers should understand development specifics a beautiful design is great but what's the point if it can't be put together Kate and I work together a lot on the lycon mobile app she worked on the app Rebrand project on meal plan and many other improvements that we've implemented in the app I'm happy that Kate really understands that impacts you can create on the product and our customers I would definitely recommend seiden

  Top Comments:
  1. @palpitate7 [1 likes]: Kate, what a nice approach! It's awesome when a specialist dives deep into other aspects related to product development. Good luck with the other projects ;)
  2. @nanash1903: So cool cooperation 🔥

- "Office Interior Transformation Journey | Client Speaks About Design Impact": Kind: captions Language: en Hello myself S Repa. This is my office. It is approximately 600 square ft². What we want? My first priority was optimum space utilization along with we have one to have cabin uh sitting area plus pantry. So this was a main criteria for finalizing everything. So we approached space saga with this uh details. So they planned as a flu layouts along with proper designs and color combinations and color combinations were also neutral and very much aesthetic uh which we very much liked and execution was spot on when we received the office. It was perfect according to their layout and according to their meticulous planning. So we are happy for that. Main criteria is definitely fulfilled and it is looking very much good.

- NEST Participant Testimonials from ProtoVillage | Design Impact | IIMCIP: Kind: captions Language: en So hi guys, I am AJ and I'm from Bangalore. Um I have a startup and I'm uh today I'm here uh in Proto village uh which is a program from uh design impact nest program. So it's been 3 days since I was here and uh I've had a very good experience here. Uh so this place particularly is called proto village. uh which means a prototype village uh where uh there are things set up like actual village how it is so that uh people can experience the lifestyle of village. Uh my biggest takeaway from this workshop is like I said it's discipline where uh it's good to have discipline so that you will have uh a lot of growth in yourself where you can implicate that on your startup as well. here. Uh this particular program uh thought is about uh uh you know how to like actually work out and make things right rather than you know just uh uh giving you seminars teaching you what to do like more most of the theoretical stuff. This is more like practical uh like it was actually surprising but yeah it does help a lot. [Music]

- Testimonial - Leslie King - Greymark Design + Build (2019 Impact Award Finalist): Kind: captions Language: en I'm truly honored to be considered for the impact award it's humbling remodel's advantages taught me how to listen how to be humble and to open my ears to new ideas in 2007 I woke up one day and realized Not only was I a half a million dollars in debt but I was going to have to file for bankruptcy and go to work for somebody else I have not received a paycheck from somebody else since 1985. I couldn't do it I called Victoria for models advantage and said help I need help she put me into a group and the group accepted the challenge I was able to listen and follow the steps and in the process I was able to give back to them what they gave to me through tough love it was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life if it wasn't for remodel's Advantage showing me that humility is good change is powerful and I would not have the opportunity to transition the company to the next level we're bringing in a second generation and through the power of we thank you very much

- Testimonial - Steve Barkhouse - Amsted Design-Build (Impact Award Submission): Kind: captions Language: en I feel truly blessed to have found remodelers Advantage 13 years ago it feels like yesterday that I finished my first Spotlight and was drinking from a fire hose and on the verge of tears when a longtime member pulled me aside and told me I'd be okay all I needed to do was to commit to the re meeting mission I found that the more I shared the more I got in return I'm proud to have watched ra and its team as well as so many other companies and their teams grow corporately and personally I am proud to have had a very small impact in that growth and to have become a part of the fabric of Ra with my ra family as my board of directors I have the confidence and tools to be a virtuous leader and servant role model I have been able to lead Amstead to be recognized consistently as an award-winning leader in its industry with above average owner's compensation and a life balance that I only dreamed about 13 years ago our corporate success has allowed me to grow a company that I'm proud of and to have a lasting impact on my community team friends and family I am remodelers advantage [Music]

- The Debate Over Extending the ACA Enhanced Premium Tax Credits: Kind: captions Language: en The ACA has always included premium tax credits which lower how much somebody has to pay for their premium if they're buying their own health insurance. Enhanced premium tax credits were first passed in 2021 as part of a COVID pandemic relief package and then extended temporarily as part of the inflation reduction act. If Congress takes no action, the enhanced tax credits will expire in January 2026. Well, right now we don't know what's going to happen. Obviously, the government is shut down in part or maybe in large part over this very issue. Today, 93% of people who get ACA marketplace coverage get an enhanced tax credit. That's about 22 million people. KFF is estimating that on average, people who buy their own health insurance through the ACA markets are going to pay 114% more next year. That means that their premium payments are going to more than double. There's a lot of talk about what's going to happen next. Republicans are saying these premium tax credits were already set to expire. Let's let them expire. They're also saying it would be very expensive to add these tax credits on or to continue them. The Congressional Budget Office expects that it would cost about $35 billion per year to extend the enhanced premium tax credits. On the other side of the aisle, Democrats are saying this is a key part of the ACA now. They want to see this be a permanent extension of these tax credits to help people have affordable health insurance coverage. They're also pointing to Congressional Budget Office estimates that almost 4 million more people will be uninsured if these enhanced premium tax credits are not extended. This is also happening at the same time or the same year when there was a budget reconciliation package that had once been known as the big beautiful bill. And the goal there for Republicans was to pass tax cuts. And they offset those tax cuts by making significant cuts to some federal health programs like Medicaid and also to the ACA marketplaces. So, Republicans are already in a position where they're willing to make cuts to healthcare programs in exchange for saving federal spending. And Democrats are saying they would spend more federal dollars to have more people have health insurance and to have more people have affordable health insurance. Today, about 24 million people are signed up for health coverage through the ACA markets. And that's more than double how many people were signed up before these enhanced tax credits came along. There could be any number of deals that could be made in theory. Um whether that's a temporary extension again or maybe a partial extension to say, "Okay, we'll extend the enhanced premium tax credits but only in certain ways or maybe with certain changes made to how they work." So, there's a lot of possibilities of how this could unfold over the next few weeks.

- Premium Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en So, after the video I made that's called the psychology of premium branding reached half a million views, I realized a lot of people actually knew what made a premium brand premium. They understand what looks premium. They understand what feels premium, but few actually understood [music] how to actually execute on the theory, how to create ads that have that premium feeling and that convey the same premium look. So, in this video, I'm going to share with you the process, how I work through it, and how I actually do it for some of my clients, and ultimately show you the exact process that I use to scale premium brands. These are frameworks that I've used for clients to basically position their brands as the premium option in the marketplace so that they can own the narrative, lead their category, and remain as the number one option even though as competitors and platforms [music] change. I've used this method over the past 5 years across multiple industries, different ad platforms, and algorithm changes. But before I show you how to actually execute this, you need to understand the difference between standard ads and premium ads. We all know that most brands want sales and they want attention. So most brands, they run ads to capture that attention and ultimately convert that attention into a purchase. But premium brands take it a step further because they want to shape your perception. And that difference sounds very small and subtle, but it's actually very, very important. Most ads look the same. You've got UGC, benefits, us versus them, AI UGC at the moment. You've got all of these formats that are recycled by every single brand out there. And honestly, none of this is wrong. It's just that it's no longer enough. Information is everywhere. Options are limitless. And premium buyers aren't short on choice. They're short on certainty. Normal brand ads, what they try to do is very simple. It's basically here's why we're good. Here's why we're the best. Buy from us. Premium brands, they take it to another level. Instead of competing on features, they want to redefine the perception of their total addressable market. They ultimately want to own the debate of the product category that they're in. And they do that by removing every single ounce of doubt in the customer's mind about which [music] product is actually the best. Normal ads, they try to add so many things, so much information. They want to really shove it down your throat. They're just in the addition game. Premium brands are in the removal game. They want to remove every single objection, every single ounce of doubt that you have in your mind. And this is what I call owning the narrative. It doesn't mean you're yelling at people telling them why you're good. It's creating the desire by showing how good you are. And honestly, in such a competitive space and industry, it's not a luxury to have this strategy applied to your brand. It's a necessity. It can be the difference between losing and leading your market. So, how do you actually own the narrative through your ad? So, I've got five steps for you today, and you might want to stick till the end because the last one will show you how [music] to actually use your as a medium to really drill down this idea in your customer's minds. Now, step number one is really the research mode. I want you to understand not only your market, not only who your customer is, not only defining who your avatars are, their awareness stage, their sophistication stage, all of that good stuff is really good. It's good intel for your ads, but I want you to add another layer, which is essentially identifying the debates that are occurring in your market. So, what this means is basically looking at all the friction points that your customers have within the industry you're in. If they're buying a supplement cuz you're selling a supplement or if they're buying a hair loss product or if they're buying a bikini or if they're buying a swimsuit, whatever it is. And you want to identify the gray zones in your industry, not the black and white stuff. If there's a feature against another feature in terms of importance, if there are two benefits that people aren't sure which one is the top number one, you want to actually own that debate. If your product, for example, promises benefit one and really strong at benefit one, a little bit less at benefit two, you want to own that debate and really show people that benefit one actually outweighs benefit two. So, in that sense, you want to do your research and identify what are the friction points that people have with the category of the product that I'm selling. What are the friction points they have with competitors? want to look at your DMs and their ad comments. You want to look at Reddit threads to identify what are the frustrations of your customers. What are they debating about essentially and can you own a piece of that debate if not the entire thing? And so once you have gathered that intel, what you want to do is you want to use your ad as a vehicle to transport that debate to the [music] surface. More often than not, you'll find that these debates are within the industry that you're in or the subject matter. And so what you want to do is you want to bring that to the surface and really just shine light on that big problem and address it because by being the one to voice the doubts that your customers have and doubts are inherently secret. You are essentially starting to position your brand [music] as a trustworthy voice in the industry that you're in. A lot of the ads that you see online, they're bland first of all, not only in format, but also in substance. So by voicing the doubts that your customers have and just putting them out there and shining light on them, you become a trustworthy authority. By default, >> this 20 oz bottle of Gatorade has 34 grams of sugar in it. One bottle of Prime has two grams of sugar. That's 17 times the amount of sugar. To help you visualize that, this is a 17X scale bottle of Prime. You would have to drink this entire giant bottle of Prime to consume the same sugar that's in this bottle of Gator. And honestly, I might cuz it's the better for you option and it tastes delicious. Drink Prime. >> You're kind of hijacking all the inner doubts that your customers have and you're bringing them up to the light. That's very important. Step number two is you need to be very intentional and you need to decide what you want to be known for. The thought process is very simple. You want to shift your focus from selling features and benefits to selling beliefs because in this age of advertising features are commodities. Most industries are super saturated with very sophisticated customers. So you need to be not only selling the features. So you need to avoid overselling the features because those are commodities honestly. And you need to shift your focus to selling beliefs because that's what premium brands do. They sell a belief to create premium loyalty. Take a look at Pek Philippe. If you were to identify the feature that they're selling, it's essentially durability. They don't word it as a feature. They word it as a belief. And you can take a look at their very famous advertising slogan that says you don't own a PEX. You merely look after it for the next generation. And so this speaks about the durability, but it also sets a belief system in it because nobody says it. And it just takes you back to the classy nature of the brand itself. And essentially it elevates the brand and these slogans really stand the test of time. So this is really a quick example of how you want to do it. If you're a PC, you don't want to compete with Casio cuz Casio is equally as durable if not more. And so what you want to do is you want to create a belief around your brand that really just reinforces what your brand stands for. Next, what I want you to do is to choose a specific pillar of authority. What I mean by that is, are you the innovator that's fixing a fundamental flaw in the products in your category? Or are you the artisan that obsesses over the 1% detail that actually takes your product to a different level and takes your expertise to a different level? A few good examples of this is actually Mano Devoir and their obsession with the design, but also the best quality to price ratio. Another one is Apple with their obsession on minimal, clean, aesthetic designs. And you see it being replicated by every single brand regardless of the category. If you sell cars, if you sell bags, if you sell electronics, you'll see these same principles in action. Now, step number three is always focus on having objection first creators. So once you start owning a piece of debate in your category and you clearly identify what you want to be known for, now is the time to understand that people will only buy if they don't have any more objections in their mind that are preventing them from purchasing the product. benefits sell and persuade of course, but objection handling creates conviction that this is the right step for me because I don't have anything blocking me anymore. And so we need to focus as advertisers to have objection first creators, but that's the main goal that we have because it accelerates the purchase decision. When you talk to a premium buyer, you're talking to a pretty sophisticated buyer. You need to understand that these people are probably not short on money. They're short on certainty and they typically hate falling for marketing hype without receiving the benefits that they were promised. But identify the top three objections that your customers have. Once you have those, you want those to become your headlines on some of your creatives and you want those ads to serve as basically objection handlers at scale for cold traffic. When you combine the authority that you gain from being a trustworthy organization just because by virtue of knowing what your customers are discussing and their pain points, etc., etc., you become that. Once you know what you want to be known for and once you start objection handling at scale with ads, you have the luxury of having your price just reflecting the quality of your product first of all, but also the quality of your marketing. Because the more in tune you are with your customers, the more in tune, and by in tune, I don't mean like knowing their problems on the surface level. It's like literally owning a piece of the debate or the entire thing in your category. Once you're at that position, price becomes irrelevant because it is a proof of quality rather than a barrier to entry. It's a very powerful position to be in. Now, step number four is to control comparisons without naming your competitors. When you see us versus them ads, it's always you're competing on features. This product is formulated in Europe, not in China. This product has a great customer service that's US-based. This one is in China. This has this feature. That one has that feature. Our feature is better. But that isn't premium. In practicality, you don't want to be competing with people's standards. You want to set the standard. So, you want to explain the criteria that a lot of your competitors are competing with. you are competing on a different level. You're creating your own standard. [music] So, by definition, if you're competing alone on that criteria, which defines what a premium brand is, your competitors are not premium anymore. And if you own that debate, now you're a one-of-a-kind product and you own the category that you're in. If you're selling skincare, for example, stop talking about how moisturizing your product is and start talking about how your product has a different and better molecular absorption. It's something that it's a criteria that you create for your product and you're not competing with how moisturizing or not your product is. [music] So, it's really just creating that huge gap between your competitors and yours and ideally placing your product and your brand as being superior. It won't happen overnight. But once the customers start accepting your new standard, your competitors are automatically disqualified because they're not even playing that game. And by the time they catch up, you're already cementing your brand as [music] the go-to organization for the product that you're selling. Not a lot of people are great at executing it, but once it's executed really well, you own the category. Now, step number five, one of the most important ones, is using ads to educate your market. Imagine if you had like 30% of your ad spend, teaching people how to shop in your category. Teaching them what are good products, what are bad products, what are premium products. Really demonizing all the other options and making sure your product is seen as the only good product. That takes your brand from being just glorified salesperson to becoming a trusted mentor. And it goes without saying that your product needs to be amazing. You can't do that with a subpar product. It needs to be a great product inherently cuz you'll get caught. It won't be funny and you kind of destroy your credibility. At this point, you can even start to architect what we call buyer's guide style content that actually lists red flags to avoid when it comes to shopping in your category. And essentially at the end of the ad, the customer comes out of this with only your brands standing strong and all the other brands being eliminated by virtue of not meeting the standards that you set. If you're in fashion or if you're in the skincare industry or the supplements industry or you're selling a product that's in a very very competitive space with a very sophisticated market, all of these five steps will enable you to position your brand as a premium actor in your product category and it'll make things easier for you. You'll have more ad spend efficiency. You'll have more brand awareness. Everything will flow to you like you have the Midas touch. Essentially, premium ads are about shaping the perception and owning the narrative. If you have a good product and if you execute this correctly that you won't be recognized as a more premium brand than before you started applying those principles. Hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @omareddaoudi795 [2 likes]: Thanks for watching! If you want to grow your Ecom brand, I specialise in scaling brands to 7 & 8 figures. Let's talk 🚀 https://www.ogrowthlabs.com/schedule-a-call/?el=masterclass&htrafficsource=youtube
  2. @FreeDroom [2 likes]: Appreciate the effort, Omar thank you man
  3. @TimoKosunen: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  4. @Hugo-hghdesignstudio: Amazing! Gold content as usual.
  5. @juliadealss: Where are you from?
  6. @nicholas.chiariello: Assalamu alaykum brother - amazing to see your channel grow, you deserve it
  7. @SaketYavagal: HEYY, I appreciate the efforts you put in and it added a lot of value in the way I see premium marketing.
I'd love to work for free for you as an intern at your office. If I can borrow a few minutes,  can we talk over gmail?
  8. @desecter8966: hey i want to scale my business as well i wanna make it popular and i promise i will work for it even though i am in the start but i would love to talk to you and get your guidance can you please help.

- The Budget vs. Mid-range vs. Premium Phone Debate: Kind: captions Language: en - It's 2017 and there's a world of smartphones out there. Smartphones are categorised into three main categories, budget, mid-range, and premium. In this video I wanna compare a smartphone from each category and see what the differences between the categories are. So for my budget smartphone I picked the Moto G5 Plus, which can be found on Amazon at its lowest for 230 bucks. For our mid-range phone, I chose the OnePlus 5, which can be found on OnePlus.net for a starting price of 479 bucks. And then for our premium phone, I chose a Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus which can be found on Amazon for around 740 bucks as of the recording of this video. Prices do fluctuate though, so link below so you can check it out. So, it's Jacklyn here for Android Central and let's get into it. (upbeat music) Let's start with build. Build quality is something that you're gonna notice right away because you feel it the second you hold the device in your hand. The first thing you're gonna notice about it is how it looks so it needs to look good and feel good, at least in my opinion. So, as the price increases build quality is gonna get a lot better but let's start with the Moto G5 Plus. It feels okay in the hand, it definitely has a very plastic-y feel to it and it's also pretty clunky given its thickness. I also don't love the really chunky bezels on the front of the phone. So a common theme with the budget smartphones is that there is really no great build quality there. They all try to be like a premium smartphone but they all really miss or at least the ones that I have tried, have missed. This one is definitely one of the better ones but it's still not great. That plastic-y feel really turns me off. So when you go all the way up to the premium category or the S8 plus in our case, for the example, the material choice and looks and just build quality as a whole really, really improves. The S8 plus packs a Gorilla Glass 5 panel on the back and a super sexy design with the display pouring over the edges. Giving the phone a very futuristic look and feel. The bezels on the phone are also extremely thin giving the S8 plus the highest screen to body ratio out of the three devices. In the mid-range category you'll often find phones that pack a build that blow away the budget phones but they don't really come that close to the premium phones. And that's definitely true with the OnePlus 5 here, which is what we're using a guideline. Made out of a high quality metal, the five gives a solid and slightly slippery feel in the hand. Its buttons are also easy to press and not flimsy in the least like the buttons found on the G5 plus. However, the big bezels up front make it an easy second place to the S8 plus. So, as expected, the build quality on these phones correlates to the price of them but an area that doesn't follow this trend is the software. Let's talk about that. Both the Moto G5 Plus and OnePlus 5 run a very stock version of Android. They look a lot cleaner and have minimal to zero bloatware, unlike the S8 plus. The G5 plus and OnePlus 5 also fly through software animations and other little things included in the software like a swipe up. And that's not to say that the S8 Plus or other flagships are slow but most of them have a skin placed on top of stock Android which ruins the experience a little bit in my opinion. The S8 Plus' skin is okay but in order of which software experience I like best it would go OnePlus 5, Moto G5 Plus, and then the S8 Plus. Which is kind of surprising because the S8 Plus is substantially more expensive but often with a higher end, premium flagship phones as I've already mentioned they often have heavier skins than the budget phones or at least the budget phones that I typically test. But an exception to that would be the Pixel, but the S8 Plus is a pretty heavy skin with a pretty significant amount of bloatware. Definitely less than past years but it's still not my favourite skin on Android. Camera performance turns the tide again in the S8's favour as it has one of my favourite cameras on the market. With the Moto G5 Plus or OnePlus 5 I have a very hit or miss camera experience. The S8 Plus nails almost every single shot it takes. The G5 Plus tends to misfocus or mess up the exposure, while the OnePlus 5 is plagued with similar issues alongside very shaky video as it doesn't have optical image stabilisation. And where that's okay in the Moto G5 Plus because the price is significantly less the OnePlus 5 in my opinion should definitely have it for its price tag. The S8 Plus does pack a stabilisation so it gives it the W in video as well. The OnePlus 5 does have two cameras to the S8's singular shooter but as of now the added depth of field effect it feels a little bit like a gimmick. As the shots never turn out quite how I expect them to. Photo and video quality found on each of these phones it makes it pretty clear where manufacturers cut their budget. I think that for the most part mid-range and budget smartphones really do not have great cameras but flagships almost always do nowadays. If you look at other flagships like the G6 or the Pixel or the HTC U11, they all have really awesome cameras so I think that the flagships definitely win in camera performance. And if you're a photographer like myself that could be enough reason to go with something like a flagship over a mid-range or a budget phone. Another category which shows a main difference in these smartphones is screen technology. The Moto G5 Plus is 1080p panels, nothing to laugh about especially for the price. It gets pretty bright and it's also decently sharp but the viewing angles are subpar at best and so was the colour reproduction. The OnePlus 5 on the other hand is also a 1080p panel but it looked a lot better. The colours pop more and the off axis viewing angles are very respectable. Even though both of these phones have very passable panels the S8 Plus' 1440p vibrant panel creams them. It is my favourite display in the market but other premium phones at this price like the G6 also have pretty comparable displays to the S8 Plus as well. If you buy a Moto G5 Plus or Honour 6x or any other budget smartphone you definitely are not gonna be disappointed every time you see the display but you won't be blown away like I am or like other people are when they see the S8 Plus display every time they open it. I'm just always amazed how vibrant and how sharp it is. Really nothing like it. The last two main areas I wanna discuss is battery life and performance. In terms of battery life they all have somewhat similar, with the Moto G5 Plus having a slight edge. The S8 Plus has the biggest battery at 3500 million powers but it has to drive a 6.6 inch, 1440p amazing display and it's super high end specs. So the best I got it to last was somewhere around 5.4 hours of screen on time. The best I got the OnePlus 5 to last was also 5.4 hours but my average was more like 4.5 hours of screen on time. The Moto G5 Plus was the best out of the three of them though as I've gotten six hours of screen on time on moderate use multiple times. The last topic to discuss is performance and this one's a little bit of a tricky one. The Moto G5 Plus is obviously outclassed with its Snapdragon 625 chip and four gigabytes of RAM. But the OnePlus 5, even though it's a lot cheaper holds up against the S8 Plus. They both have a Snapdragon 835 and where the S8 Plus maxes out at six gigabytes of RAM, the OnePlus 5 goes up to eight gigabytes of RAM with only a $60 price increase. That's really impressive. So the specs on the OnePlus 5 are absolutely killer but that's definitely the exception and not the rule for mid-range smartphones. All of the phones have pretty solid performance though. The Moto G5 Plus might lag a few seconds behind in comparison to the other devices here but in standard real world use you probably won't even notice that. Okay, so for the most part as expected the S8 Plus took the cake in most categories but it's really impressive how close the budget and mid-range smartphone came. Now, I still think that premium smartphones like the S8 Plus have a place in the market for tech enthusiasts like myself or people that are willing to go on a $30 a month payment plan or dish out the 600 plus dollars on day one, but for someone that's just looking for a great smartphone experience the Moto G5 Plus and the OnePlus 5 or any other mid-range and budget smartphone are gonna give the S8 Plus and every other premium smartphone a run for its money. If you enjoyed the video, you're gonna wanna give us a like. We need it (laughs) and give us a comment down below if you liked it, what you wanna see next, and we'll catch you all later. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theroyalmemes8611 [4 likes]: Budget: sucks mid range: Great. PREMIUM FLAGSHIP: Yess. Yess. The best. Ohhh. My friend has a budget and all of us have a flagship we make fun of him and he has money. He has honor 5x
  2. @javianbrown8627 [2 likes]: Great video but you need better lighting(it's underexposed). I subscribed
  3. @artdogg50 [1 likes]: Feel like this video was made too soon. Would have preferred the Oneplus 5T and maybe Motorola X4. Did not agree with everything you said. Some were simply opinions based more on personal preference. I didn't think the Oneplus 5 was a mid-range phone then, and definitely don't think the Oneplus 5T is today. I also have never considered the Moto G5 Plus as a budget phone, and most certainly wouldn't consider the newer Moto X4 a budget phone.
  4. @theroyalmemes8611 [1 likes]: Disliked because of the young kid. But still subscribed
  5. @theroyalmemes8611 [1 likes]: Get fired you're so bad. YOU'RE FIRED!
  6. @mariussm7797 [1 likes]: WTF. I didn't subscribed to this to see review by kids. Sorry unsubscribed. Good Luck in the future.
  7. @HeadshotMachineX [1 likes]: wtf is a kid doing here?
  8. @ravirajoshi_official [1 likes]: She hates LG. I watched her all earlier videos. She is Samsung fangirl.
  9. @jackkraken3888: Not a bad review, but the presenter looks really young and maybe just a bit too over active.
  10. @kareemdavis1500: Nice review!
  11. @abdoe07: honor 6x is a budget ??? I don't think so
  12. @winfieldnewport8055: Nice job. I think an interesting topic would be todays budget/midranger verse last years flagship. The v20 has halved in price since the v30 come out. Does that make it a better buy that todays brand new budget/midranger?
  13. @tirkentube: cool I didn't know they hired "gifted" middle school kids. interesting
  14. @yatirajn1593: ohhhhh myyyy god you are so beautifull
  15. @thomascampagnola9627: I could get the s8 for 575$
  16. @kwabenaowusu4581: I will never buy a flagship android phone if its not Pixel. To my opinion, I want clean software experience. I wonder why reviewers stress so much on flagship cameras; for God sake,  you're not going to shoot hollywood movies on the phone which will never win a gramy award lol. The only important feature is IP water and dust rating and those gimmicks like squeez to do something, iris scanner, samsung Dex, moto mods are all crap to make money from consumers hard earned money. In 2017, i wonder the primary purpose of a Smart Phone.
  17. @Tagonns_Tech_Videos: With the right tweaks on the S8+ it can be as smooth as stock Android by using 2 apps those being Nova Launcher and Package Disabler Pro. Nova can give it a more stock look and more customization options than stock Android launcher and Grace UX or TouchWiz plus Nova can make things run faster.  Package Disabler Pro can disable all bloat ware completely all without rooting the device, you can also disable apps that you don't use that can't be uninstalled without root thus freeing up space and speeding up the device. 

This is why I love Android freedom to make it how I want it to be unlike iOS and great video I enjoyed it just wanted to say there are ways to make a Samsung device really good to me Samsung is the best but that's my opinion I like other brands it's just that I prefer Samsung devices over the rest.
  18. @QbanCelli: Those are some long fingers.
  19. @colodius: I like your/her confidence. Just talk slower sometimes and maybe try adding some interesting background and soft bg music for your videos. Cheers!
  20. @wpymes: Looking for a mid-range phone with the best visual (camera+display) experience. What should i choose?

- Jerry Nadler Explores Downsides Of A Balanced Budget Amendment: Kind: captions Language: en remember the full committee a gentleman from New York for five minutes thank you Mr chairman Mrs Spaulding how would a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget undermine Social Security spending military retirement benefits and other important public service programs uh thank you Mr Nadler um there have been a variety of balanced budget amendments that have been considered by Congress but among the many troubling results would be that it would essentially render it unconstitutional to spend reserves and spend reserves to on Social Security benefits on Military benefits because the proposals that have been before this Congress have limited expenditures to revenues brought in in the same year and that would require uh significant and severe changes to Social Security and a whole host of other programs that ensure security and it's a bad idea isn't Social Security premise on the idea of prepaying precisely so when when you are going to limit expenditures only to revenues that have come in that year um the way Social Security is set up it would require cuts to Social Security but that's not the only challenge with a balanced budget amendment what it what it's doing is putting uh fiscal policy into the Constitution it would put Congress in a straight jacket it would make it exceedingly difficult to respond to economic crises to recessions to armed conflict to a pandemic as I mentioned earlier uh and and that is not the way our constitution is designed it would also put judges and jurists and attorneys in a strange position where they would be refereeing debates that should be happening here uh in the article one branch of government and not over uh in article three and having jurists kind of weigh fiscal policy so for a whole host of reasons the Constitution is not the appropriate place to be debating fiscal policy thank you Mr Spaulding to the states of the Congress have the authority to mandate limits on the scope of an article 5 conventions such as limiting discussion to a single subject or Amendment no and that is one of the that is one of the concerns if not the top concern there are no rules the language in Article 5 about convening a constitutional convention is incredibly spare it just says Congress convenes a convention and there's a whole host of questions that I included in my written testimony that I touched on at the oral portion of the testimony but there are no rules there are no answers that's why jurists from uh cross the ideological Spectrum have expressed serious concern about how a convention would work but to answer your question ultimately there is no enforceable way to ensure that the convention only considers a single subject thank you Mr Spaulding last month a far-right group Convention of States organizes so-called simulation of an article 5 convention my convention resulted in among other things the adoption of a limitation of congress power to regulate interstate commerce which would negatively impact numerous areas of public policy including the continued viability of federal civil rights laws like the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other laws that prohibit discrimination and public accommodations in your view with an article 5 convention be more likely to threaten or to protect Americans individual and civil rights well the convention of states and the organization that has been pushing this amendment and has been getting a number of states to call for this convention is calling for a radical rewrite of the Commerce Clause to do exactly what you are talking about to significantly and severely undermine civil rights laws laws that protect workers laws that protect our environment laws that protect our health and safety and security so I think it is a significant major risk given that that is one of their top priorities is a significant rewrite of the Commerce Clause would you say that the rewrite or limitation of the Commerce Clause would take us back a Long Way to the Articles of Confederation uh I think it would take us way back who knows how far back but in in ways that we have settled this question um but it is extremely dangerous and if you look at the uh whole host of things that came out of their mock convention that was among their top priority they also would posit that a simple majority of States could rescind any act of Congress the president or a federal agency and there's a whole host of other you know Provisions that they that they are pushing for a convention that again has no rules it does sound like the audience Articles of Confederation which the founding which the framers found highly uh inadequate uh which is why you had the Constitutional Convention of 1787. my time is expired thank you yield back gentlemen yields back the chair recognized

  Top Comments:
  1. @10-4-d7d [5 likes]: I wouldn't believe a democrat if they said it was raining during a flood.
  2. @alrad5160 [4 likes]: Politicians should not receive paycheck if they don't pass balanced budget.
  3. @kevinwithers6083 [3 likes]: The penguin needs to go back to Gotham City..
  4. @josefbudiac8424 [3 likes]: Nadler to me he looks like one of the Gestapo he like if people sufer bustart
  5. @angelapeek4041 [2 likes]: Close the government stop giving our money to everyone but US
  6. @backcountyrpilot [1 likes]: Can you imagine a creepier uncle to avoid at a family picnic than Diddler🤮
  7. @temudjin1155 [1 likes]: Since when a balanced budget has downsides?
  8. @davidmann6034 [1 likes]: Wanna talk about balance watch Nadler waddling down a hallway , him eating french fries reminds me of jobba the hutt !
  9. @ronnieterry4916 [1 likes]: So nailer is against any type of attempt to slow down the out of control federal deficit.   The stort now is that our national debt interest payments for one year is one trillion dollars.  Isn't everyone concerned about this kind of interest payment?  Everyone should be outraged that this amount of money is spent for interest on our national debt.
  10. @peteporebski8495: What rubbish!  This is nothing more than Entrenched lawyers against being held to account and against limits to their excesses.  Remember under the present constitution we have run up the biggest debt in the history of mankind. Seems to me that something needs to change..
  11. @markjulian8973: A balanced budget amendment is very valuable in many ways and it can be overridden by 2/3 vote in cases of emergency like war.

Besides protecting the exposure to debt, it stimulates creativity and can get twice as much done with half as much money, Because it INCENTIVIZES efficiency natually. You get a lot of inventions.You get better ways of using your time and money.
Most of life can be done with a lot fewer steps if it's carefully thought out and organized.

Put the incentives in the right place and magic will happen.
  12. @markjulian8973: Argument for a balanced budget amendment...

We are automatically more efficient and creative when we have a limitation. So that means that in spite of not having the money, you're still doing the same amount and more with less.

The funny part of it is that you would have performed the same amount with less money because you are twice as efficient and twice as creative with a dollar limitation. In other words you're incentivized to do MORE with LESS, whereas, if you have EASY money, you're INCENTIVIZED to do LESS with more. BEHAVIOR follows INCENTIVIZATION. It could go positive or a negative. 

Washington bureaucracy operates on the concept of EASY MONEY. In other words , I'll print money for you, if you print money for me, ie. it's somebody else's problem. We just add it to the DEBT. It's the obscure FUTURE GENERATION that has to deal with it.
  13. @ZmanGolf-x9o: What don’t you know about a balanced budget, Oh you haven’t a clue, since all you have done in your political career is to add pork to any budget that was discussed.
  14. @davidclemens1578: Nadler wants to digitize the dollar so that it will be easy to write off the debt, on paper that is. As the saying goes all debts are paid by someone.
  15. @bengray423: Government all ways wanting to put old folks on the streets ? :face-purple-smiling-fangs:----------:face-blue-wide-eyes::face-turquoise-covering-eyes::face-fuchsia-tongue-out::face-orange-raised-eyebrow::eyes-purple-crying::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning:
  16. @bbkr7910: Worst generation to ever happen to the US! Way to screw almost all future generations just to have a paid for retirement, even if that retirement sucks because of woeful lack of planning.
  17. @JanetPendley-sy9yn: Naher is a well known Communist
  18. @patricknugent6651: A little bit of history but I hope can people see the comparisons  between then & now. The Nazi party with the Republican Party. ex president trump & the maga supporters to Hitler & his supporters.. America beware is all I can advise because it’s nearly sounds like it’s out of the same book……. Go to Wikipedia which I fully recommend and look for a piece called . Adolf Hitler's rise to power….  Hitler ran for the presidency in 1932 but was defeated by the incumbent Paul von Hindenburg; nonetheless, he achieved a strong showing of second place in both rounds. Following this, in July 1932 the Nazis became the largest party in the Reichstag, albeit short of an absolute majority. 1933 was a pivotal year for Hitler and the Nazi Party. Traditionally, the leader of the party who held the most seats in the Reichstag was appointed Chancellor. However, President von Hindenburg was hesitant to appoint Hitler as chancellor. Following several backroom negotiations – which included industrialists, Hindenburg's son, the former chancellor Franz von Papen, and Hitler – Hindenburg acquiesced and on 30 January 1933, he formally appointed Adolf Hitler as Germany's new chancellor. Although he was chancellor, Hitler was not yet an absolute dictator.
The groundwork for the Nazi dictatorship was laid when the Reichstag was set on fire in February. Believing the communists were behind the arson, Hitler convinced von Hindenburg to pass the Reichstag Fire Decree, which severely curtailed the liberties and rights of German citizens. Using the decree, Hitler began eliminating his political opponents. In Hitler's eyes the decree was insufficient and he proposed the Enabling Act of 1933. This law gave the German government the power to override individual rights prescribed by the constitution. Additionally, it also gave the Chancellor (Hitler) emergency powers to pass and enforce laws without parliamentary oversight. The Enabling Act was passed in March and by April, Hitler held de facto dictatorial powers and used them to order the construction of the first Nazi concentration camp at Dachau for communists and other political opponents. Hitler's rise to power was completed in August 1934 when following the death of President von Hindenburg, Hitler merged the chancellory with the presidency and became Führer, the sole leader of Germany.
In retrospect, Hitler's rise to power was aided in part by his willingness to use violence in advancing his political objectives and to recruit party members willing to do the same. Furthermore, Hitler went out of his way to seek financial support from wealthy businessmen, without whose support his assumption of power would have been impossible.Hitler framed their partnership as an essential factor in defeating the rising threat of communism. The party engaged in electoral battles in which Hitler participated as a speaker and organizer. Street battles and violence also erupted between the Communists' Rotfrontkämpferbund and the Nazis' Sturmabteilung (SA).
Once the Nazi dictatorship was firmly established, the Nazis themselves created a mythology surrounding their rise to power. German propaganda described this time period as either the Kampfzeit (the time of struggle) or the Kampfjahre (years of struggle)… really worth a read
  19. @emeryallen1636: Nadler shit his pants on C-span months back.
  20. @cyrilbroom2882: Yet they praise Clinton for a balanced budget. Never could understand how Nadler and most Democrats don’t burst into flames when they talk.

- ChatGPT, Google’s Ad Grab, & Why Clicks Cost More Now | The Debate Room: Kind: captions Language: en Google's absolutely murdering businesses right now. They just changed up uh the ads, right? And they also changed up the search and way it displays. And we're seeing ad costs go up. What click cost per click, Christian? It's like 3x now. >> Yep. So, Google's uh algorithm is continuously changing and testing new stuff. Some of the tests they're doing right now is removing ads at the bottom of the page, which were usually 70% cheaper, and that's where a lot of marketers were surviving. Uh but now what they've done is they have four positions on top of Google page and they're billing it as if it was rank one position or rank two. >> Can you show it? Can you just share your screen? >> Yeah. >> Yeah, I can share my screen >> because this is really bad. I mean chatbt is taking a large percent of the search volume and Google has to adapt. Uh and unfortunately it's immediately impacting businesses who rely on Google ads and organic search. >> Let me know if you can see my screen. >> Yeah, we see it. So this is an example of musician marketing, right? If you're running a company, you're running musician marketing, you now have sponsored results at the very top. You have Tik Tok, Chaka Marketing, Spotify, Find Law. This is all at the top of the these four positions are at the top of Google. You if you were to click on any of these links, it's anywhere between $10 to $40 versus only having two positions before. And then uh as you see you have the rich snippet under and then you don't really have ads at the bottom anymore. You have videos but there are no ads at the bottom of the page. Before if you were at the bottom of a page on Google, you're getting like a 50% discount. So this change alone is having everyone look at ads first and people will click on all the ads and they're going to make more money. And I think this Google is doing this to save more money and it's changing the whole landscape of advertising in Google. And they may revert, right? They're testing it. Not every account's impacted by not every search query gets this layout, but this is serious. >> So goo uh businesses that are relying on Google ads, what do they do? >> I mean, they're just going to have to optimize their ads accounts to be at top of search. You should get a higher conversion rate by being top of search, but you're also going to get more fraud clicks. Now, you're going to get more uh spam. You're going to have to compete against budgets of like Tik Tok, right? like you're going to have Tik Tok in number one position and then you're going to have to bid against Tik Tok to even get any clicks. It's going to be really really tough and you're Google's going to be able to spend your budget a lot faster than ever before. So you may get four or five clicks and you're out of spend for the day. So you're going to probably have to go back to manual bidding strategies and putting bid caps which then you're not going to get any traffic. You can't scale. >> What about decrease? What if we had to decrease the reliance on Google? What do we have to do? But what are the alternative options here? >> Well, the alternative options of what Google wants you to do now is to advertise on their other platforms, uh, more of their PMAX. So, we could show up in Gmail, YouTube, and um, their search partners, which is usually lower quality, but you're going to have to do that to blend your costs lower because you can't just have four clicks at the top of search below 100 bucks and then you've spent your budget. Tik Tok doesn't care clearly, right? U, they're spending probably millions a month on Google and they're using all platforms. So, you're going to have to go to manual bidding and you're going to have to go use some of Google's other tools of like demand genen and pmax to kind of get cheaper clicks and blend it and go more broad, which is not ideal.

- Installing Anti Static Carpet Over Raised Access Panels: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Hi, I'm Kimberly Petraccaro, and I'm with StaticWorx. A lot of the applications we work with needing static-control flooring use raised access panels. One of the questions we get from the installers is how do we install the floor over the raised access panel? It's really simple. Using our, or specifically, at least for the ESD carpet tiles, using our GroundTack Conductive Releasable Adhesive and a 1/16" trowel, it's very simple. You want to do a full spread of adhesive over the top of the panel. This adhesive can be used over any type of raised access panel whether it be bare metal or have HPL on it. Before you actually put a carpet tile on top of the panel you want to make sure that the adhesive is completely dried. You'll know that it's completely dried two ways. The first way is that it's going to be clear. As you can see, the adhesive I already installed is not completely clear. It has like a grayish tint to it. The second way that you'll know the adhesive is completely dried, is by taking your finger, pushing down on the panel, lifting up your finger, and seeing if there's any residue on your finger. You do not want to have any residue on your finger. As you can see, the adhesive I laid down is not completely dried. Once you have no residue on your finger, and it's clear, you are now ready to install the carpet tiles on top of the panel. For more information, you can call us at (617) 923-2000. Thank you.

- How To Get Rid Of Static From Carpet-Easy Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody i'm here today to show you and tell you how to get rid of static from carpet this will be a super easy tutorial so let's get right into the video i'll be going over four easy things that you can do to get rid of static from your carpet and the greatest thing about these things is that they are long-lasting so you're only gonna have to do them once and they're gonna last for a while let's get right into the video number one is to get a spray bottle okay and in that spray bottle you want to put a mixture of fabric softener and water so you want to get just a little bit of fabric softener so so basically a common mixer that people use a common proportionate mixture is one part liquid fabric softener and five parts water okay and you want to just mix it up so and you can obviously make whatever volume of it you want and you can probably work with those proportions a little bit change them up a little bit but for the most part you want a lot of water and a little bit of liquid fabric softener and then you just want to spray it on the carpet just spritz it on the carpet this is going to accomplish two things number one it's going to remove the static from the carpet and hopefully discharge it quite a bit and number two is going to make this the carpet smell better too which is even better it's going to allow it to do two things very simple and straightforward and it's something that you can do and let it dry so spray it let it dry and then come back later and hopefully there will be much less static this works wonders for a lot of people um depending on the size of the carpet and the thickness of the carpet but definitely worth giving it a try um especially because you probably have fabric softener anyways that you might use um so you could just try it out okay number two is to rub the carpet with a dryer sheet so you want to literally take a dryer sheet and just rub it along the carpet it doesn't have to be a hard rub just it can just be like a a graze like that a glaze i don't know what i would call this but just a little rub like that along the entire surface area of the carpet now dryer sheets are meant to enhance the smell of clothing in the dryer but also they're meant to discharge clothing from static so it will do the same thing with your carpet so with that being said take your dryer sheet just rub it along the surface area of the carpet that's it and then you can probably still use this dryer sheet again in the future it's not like it goes bad by doing that so if you use it put it to the side and then the next time that you have static on your carpet use it again the same dryer sheet so it's not even a waste because you can still use it again in the future it doesn't go bad like by using it just for for that one use okay number three increase the overall humidity of your home now most likely your furnace has or your hvac system has a built-in humidifier and you probably can adjust the humidity level okay now dryness in the air causes static to occur so if you're having a static problem on chances are the air around that carpet at least is pretty dry and most likely in your entire house so just increase slightly the humidity level we're not talking about a massive increase we're talking about a tiny little increase of humidity level upping it um just just just for for temporarily basically um until you the air uh moistens up essentially so you know just increase the overall humidity level if you don't have a humidity humidifier in your hvac system you might want to buy an external one and use it to also gauge the humidity level of that room maybe that room is dry for some reason so look into it because it usually means that there's dry air last but not least is number four which is to rub the carpet with something metal now a common metal thing that you might have or in your closet is like a metal coat hanger whether it's fully metal or just metal like this um just take it and just rub it and what that's gonna do is that's gonna discharge the carpet so just take and rub the entire carpet with that metal piece that will discharge it now this option with the metal coat hanger rubbing the carpet is the most short-term option it's the one that lasts the shortest term increasing the humidity level is the longest term option and these two options the dryer sheet and the spray are more medium term so always keep that in mind if you want a quick fast short term fix get the coat hanger rub it along there if you want a little bit of a medium length fix the dryer sheet or the spray will work depending on your preference and if you want a longer fix then the humidity level increasing will definitely have a longer effect on it so that's basically it i've shown you four different ways the spray the dryer sheet the humidity level and then the coat hanger metal thing rubbing on the carpet so if you like this video please be sure to give it a thumbs up let me know you think down below as a comment and of course be sure to subscribe for more great videos just like this one and that's all i have for you today thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrDemomn: The dryer sheet worked! As the cold weather started coming in, my bedroom had CRAZY static build up. Every time I touched my light switch or metal keyboard, I'd get a bad shock. Taking some dryer sheets, putting them on my feet and rubbing all around my desk, I haven't had a shock for over a day!
  2. @eldibujante-24: Thanks, really nice info!

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- 2 Years Later... Peel & Stick Carpet Tile Installation: Kind: captions Language: en let's check out our carpet tile installation two years later we install trafficmaster Willow kirkdale self-stick carpet tile from the Home Depot the center area gets the most traffic and still looks great in my opinion here are extra pieces that we saved can you tell where the extra piece is the carpet tiles have stayed down without any issues many viewers have asked about adhesive residue there is some stickiness on the plywood subfloor but I'm not sure how this would be on laminate or other finished flooring material anyway my wife and I are happy with the installation if you want to check it out here's the installation video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Justheretowatch321 [9 likes]: I’m going to use this in a bedroom in our basement over concrete and use the peel and stick for wood floors for the basement living room
  2. @AnthraXaXis [6 likes]: interesting, never knew about carpet planks. looks really good though, cheers!
  3. @wrathofpaulii [5 likes]: the best part is that you can swap out individual tiles in high traffic areas as the carpet wears down, without having to replace the whole carpet. buy extras, because i didn't do that the last time and the design i had was discontinued!
  4. @RememberTheLord [5 likes]: We have a vacuum that rolls and has strong suction, do you think that would cause any lifting? What kind of vacuum do you use or recommend
  5. @MrGrizzlyXiong [4 likes]: Any updates on it now after this video?
  6. @HacksbyDad [3 likes]: Please check out the installation video here... https://youtu.be/XYna6kIcqxc
😎
  7. @albertrojas3629 [2 likes]: I will never install this carpet again, I had to use nails to keep the joints down after a few days of installation.
  8. @iluv2bake [1 likes]: Hi there, I know this is an old video but I’ve watched it several times. I’m wondering how you got it to not look like there are squares down there I’m using the same exact tiles you are. Just wondering what you did to get rid of the lines
  9. @humanint [1 likes]: thanks. just what i needced to know
  10. @briemedina722 [1 likes]: Can you place this on top of existing installed carpet?
  11. @tinkerbel8800 [1 likes]: Thank you
  12. @NanetteAustin-v4d: Thanks!
  13. @bidishamukhopadhyay1539: Exact price of this carpet? Floor size is 25/7 .. please reply
  14. @JudyBarrette: I am considering this product for bedrooms. I am wondering about when comes time to move furniture to vacuum under. Will the tiles move?  Thanks.
  15. @curiouscat1900: Great video, thanks for the follow-up video! I'm considered these carpet tiles for my basement, but I was wondering if it is worth it over regularly carpet. I was scared about lifting up over time and the price difference between this and traditional carpet. But after seeing your follow-up video i feel more confident moving forward with it.
  16. @sunset_gymnastss: What is the difference price wise compared to roll carpet just the material comparison $? Not including labor just material please
  17. @Queenie_vxxii: How many boxes did you use?
  18. @briemedina722: Can you place this on top of existing installed carpet?
  19. @andrewengle564: Will this Carpet look good if you can see the edge transitioning from a room with vinyl flooring?
  20. @koolkidmanny92: It’s soft walking on it ?

- How to Remove Static From Carpet & Furniture: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone i'm joshua clement friday contractors and today i'm going to talk to you about how to remove static from your carpet and furniture for this job you'll need a couple things for this job you will need to mix in a spray bottle four parts water to one part fabric softener or you can also use a dryer sheet after you get your fabric softener poured into your spray bottle go ahead and shake it up that way it gets all mixed up now what you'll do is you'll go through the entire carpeted area and just give it a light mist over top of your carpet one nice thing about this is it also brings out a nice fresh smell in your carpet with that fabric softener on there after you spray it down you want to go ahead and let it dry thoroughly that way when you walk on it you're not going to get any dirt that turns into mud on top of your carpet now what i like to do with the furniture is go ahead and take your dryer sheet and wipe down all your furniture with the fabric sheet that will remove any static that is there if you don't want to spray the fabric softener on your carpet you can go ahead and just wipe down the carpet with your dryer sheet too that will also take care of the static i'm joshua clinton flighty contractors and we just talked about how to remove static from your carpet and furniture thank you for watching good luck with this project you

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarksmart2440 [2 likes]: I hope this works.
  2. @JustinTyme1966 [1 likes]: How often should I do it
  3. @SkulatoreLPC: This worked for me. Thank you! It was driving me insane haha

- How to Design an Unforgettable Luxury Experience: Kind: captions Language: en so luxury Brands often Pride themselves&nbsp; on providing a luxury experience for their&nbsp;&nbsp; clients but let's be real the majority of&nbsp; these experiences are pretty forgettable a&nbsp;&nbsp; true luxury experience should be so exceptional&nbsp; that it turns customers into lifelong Advocates&nbsp;&nbsp; sure your team members are attentive as they&nbsp; should be when someone is spending thousands&nbsp;&nbsp; and thousands of pounds that's just meeting&nbsp; expectations not exceeding them I want you to&nbsp;&nbsp; be honest and ask yourself are you truly doing&nbsp; everything to make the experience Unforgettable&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm Paul Russell co-founder of luxury Academy and&nbsp; with years of experience as a trusted training&nbsp;&nbsp; partner for renowned luxury brands worldwide I've&nbsp; gained unique insights into what makes a luxury&nbsp;&nbsp; experience truly exceptional today I'm going to&nbsp; share some of that knowledge with you first things&nbsp;&nbsp; first though let's dump the one siiz fits all&nbsp; approach yes the basics like conversation skills&nbsp;&nbsp; and attentiveness are important but they're the&nbsp; minimum expectations imagine going into a mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; phone shop and the salesperson told you that this&nbsp; new Hightech phone connected to the internet you'd&nbsp;&nbsp; be Blown Away wouldn't you it's like going into a&nbsp; five-star hotel saying that they have comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; beds to truly stand out you need to take a step&nbsp; back and analyze your existing experience to&nbsp;&nbsp; provide a unique experience to your customers&nbsp; you need to think uniquely it sounds obvious I&nbsp;&nbsp; know but so many businesses I encounter have just&nbsp; applied the same tired experience as other luxury&nbsp;&nbsp; Brands this is very ineffective and for quite&nbsp; an obvious reason when you think about it what&nbsp;&nbsp; a 30-year-old High net worth client would think&nbsp; of when describing a perfect luxury experience&nbsp;&nbsp; would be vastly different to that of a 55-year-old&nbsp; defining your unique customer experience starts&nbsp;&nbsp; with understanding your brand values and culture&nbsp; what sets you apart what makes your brand special&nbsp;&nbsp; for instance if you're a Cutting Edge luxury brand&nbsp; but your staff are all about traditional formal&nbsp;&nbsp; service there's a disconnect your experience&nbsp; should reflect your brand ethos likewise if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; a luxury Legacy brand and decide to introduce a&nbsp; more informal approach then this could be at all&nbsp;&nbsp; with your customer expectations it always Jaws&nbsp; me when I walk into really opulent luxury hotels&nbsp;&nbsp; to find the staff wearing suits with no tie in an&nbsp; open College shut it's not trendy it's weird the&nbsp;&nbsp; point here is that your customers expectations&nbsp; should guide your approach there's no one siiz&nbsp;&nbsp; fits-all solution here view the experience through&nbsp; the lens of your customer and let's talk about the&nbsp;&nbsp; elephant in the room the lifestyle disconnect&nbsp; between sales people and their High netw worth&nbsp;&nbsp; clients a lot of the time the reason most Brands&nbsp; don't provide a memorable customer experience is&nbsp;&nbsp; because of the disconnect in lifestyle between&nbsp; the person selling the product and the high net&nbsp;&nbsp; worth individual buying it too often sales staff&nbsp; act like they're from a different planet they&nbsp;&nbsp; use language and behaviour that feels forced&nbsp; and unnatural all in an effort to appear more&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury and obviously this is complete nonsense&nbsp; of course the the salesperson is accustomed to&nbsp;&nbsp; the luxury surroundings of the store or the hotel&nbsp; but do they truly understand the lifestyle of the&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury consumer often not and this can result in&nbsp; the high net we client becoming a complex mystery&nbsp;&nbsp; it adds pressure to the interaction and the sales&nbsp; person finds themselves acting awkwardly brands do&nbsp;&nbsp; it as well in their collateral and their marketing&nbsp; using behavior and phrases that don't resonate&nbsp;&nbsp; with a luxury consumer real luxury companies don't&nbsp; refer to themselves as luxury, Dior doesn't say&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury clothing, Fosters doesn't call their shoes&nbsp; luxury even though prices started over £3,000&nbsp;&nbsp; for a pair of shoes the good news is there's&nbsp; a simple two rule solution number one speak&nbsp;&nbsp; like a normal human being not some character of&nbsp; a luxury sales person and number two act like a&nbsp;&nbsp; normal human being the internet provides a wealth&nbsp; of psychological techniques and tricks that can be&nbsp;&nbsp; used but think back to the first piece of advice&nbsp; what would your customer expect they wouldn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to be tricked or manipulated no a memorable&nbsp; experience starts with a connection and a&nbsp;&nbsp; connection starts with likeability and likeability&nbsp; starts with you just being normal if you'd like to&nbsp;&nbsp; create or improve your existing luxury customer&nbsp; experience do these two very simple things&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine the customer Journey Through The Eyes of&nbsp; your client and really question whether you're&nbsp;&nbsp; memorable or just meeting expectations speak&nbsp; or train your employees to speak and act in a&nbsp;&nbsp; normal manner around High Network clients so it&nbsp; doesn't feel forced or fake so I hope that helps

  Top Comments:
  1. @pazzariatv [1 likes]: You know, he's absolutely right. I am surrounded by luxury. I live in a two bedroom apartment, in Celebration, Florida, which is right on the property of Walt Disney World. Two huge companies, that I visit very often, are Disney and The Four Seasons (because they have a hotel on property, and I am there all of the time, for various reasons).

Each of these wonderful brands understand exactly what he is saying, to a tea.

He used a key word - "journey". A luxury experience should feel like a memorable journey, every time, without a lot of effort.
  2. @kurtmueller2089 [1 likes]: Your point at 2:35 "disconnect between lifestyles of luxury sellers and luxury buyers" hits hard, and has been known as a problem for decades already. I first learned about it from the book "Deluxe" which mentions one shopping mall in (IIRC) Brasil as a positive exception to this: Here the clients were often served by the sons or daughters of the high society looking to gain their first work experiences. Because it was much more even in terms of hierarchy, both the sellers and the buyers liked it. 

I have no idea if this mall is still around or how accurate the author's description was.
  3. @GeorgeNtam: How true this is......how many fake smiles and actions we see from employees, in order to "'atract" their customers. the result is exactly the opposite...losing them from potential buyers
  4. @AlejandraCompañ: Thanks 🙏✨
  5. @natukundagerald7027: So what makes Luxury Academy special?!!
  6. @thevikingsock8527: Ofc they dont understand the high luxury lifestyle, BECAUSE they actually have to WORK for their money.. the clients dont
  7. @TheBakedalaskajoe: i am a mattress salesman, i have decided to treat that as the luxury experience it is. i will consume your teachings, apply them and report back.
  8. @ymc7496: What do you charge by the hour for a phone call?  I have questions for my specific sector.
  9. @CarolineStevenson-gi8wc: When they dropped ties in my office, I knew senior management wanted to appear superior, they didn’t drop theirs.
  10. @CarolineStevenson-gi8wc: Can I work for you? I have credentials.
  11. @martybadboy: Car dealers sure could learn a lot here. If you think about it, the average person might purchase a vehicle valued at 50 to 100% of their annual income. How much more "luxury" can you get?!
  12. @temwanib: Just discovered this channel .i must say this is fresh ♥️ something i need .Thank you for sharing .I am learning right here in lusaka Zambia 🇿🇲
  13. @faithseries: I just subscribed, and I have already learnt so much. thank you.
  14. @NobodyInTraining: It's ironic to recommend that others don't pretend to be some kind of caricature of a high net worth individual, while behaving like that exact caricature.
  15. @KaylaDaileyy: “It’s not trendy - it’s weird” 😅
  16. @lvettesonai: Excellent information.  👏🏾
  17. @lemonsngoldpublishingllc: So I should take "Luxury" off of my new logo? 😢
  18. @westgatehygienecleaningsol3442: ❤❤❤❤
  19. @DamianKłosowski-x2n: Some brands just stick — now I know why. This video = mental glue. 🧠🔗🖤
  20. @MbursaDN: I’m a lawyer how do I charge luxury prices?

- Inside Interior Designer Sophie Paterson's Surrey Home | House Tour: Kind: captions Language: en hi luxury home show I'm Sophie Patterson I'm an interior designer and welcome to my home you got [Music] it you got it you got it we bought this house in s 11 years ago when it was just the main structure and was a building site which for me me as an interior designer was the absolute dream so I was able to implement lots of interior architecture that I loved starting over here we've got this gorgeous cleever Stone staircase when we initially bought the house the plans were to have this very sort of straight Square staircase underneath was going to be all blocked in in storage whereas I really wanted it to feel nice and light and Airy and a much more classical look this was one of the most recently renovated rooms in the house and basically what happened was my husband went away for a long golf holiday and I decided to take the opportunity to completely change it previously we had um a textured wallpaper all over the room and it was a bit darker so it didn't feel as bright and Airy I really wanted to create some paneling and this is quite a neat little trick that you guys might like to copy as well as having the typical plant on molding that you'll probably see all over Instagram Pinterest and YouTube I did this extra section that steps out and it gives the illusion of a raised and fielded panel like you would have in sort of period properties and then for the finish of it I'm obsessed with an interior designer called Rose unaki some of you guys might have heard of her absolutely love her work it's very different from mine but I really admire it and in her entrance haul she has this plaster effect or paint effect I don't know what it is but it almost looks like there's been a smoker living in the house for 40 years and I really love that tea stained look and I wanted to recreate that so this is a combination of two different colors of lime wash plaster paint um and you can see as it goes up towards the corness gets slightly darker and it almost gives it like an aged feel that it's been here for a long time and I really love that but just to give you a heads up if you have young children lime wash paint is not the most practical because you can't wipe it clean which I have learned the hard way so so if you tell me about these pieces of furniture sure so you'll see throughout the whole of my house that there's a real mix and blend of different styles and eras these three pieces the chest of drawers and the two armchairs either side are all Antiques and again it really goes to that English Heritage vibe that I wanted to create in here I wanted it to feel very layered I love this piece because it's got a beautiful Oak patina this is my favorite Oak and I love the combination of the marble and then on top of it you'll see throughout the whole my house I've just got so many photo frames I'm obsessed with photo frames I have a collection with Addison Ross but for me what I love about photos and layering it with accessories is that it really creates a home so all the photos we have throughout the house aren't just pictures where we look good it's like real happy memories when you look at them it makes you feel really warm and fuzzy inside lots of family memories yeah speaking of witch tell us about the painting okay so this was a very reluctant I'm going to call it a housewarming present from my mother-in-law and father-in-law basically they had it hanging in their house in Edinburgh and me and my husband had always admired it and then my husband just very bluntly suggested to them when we moved her that they should give it to us as a present and but every time my mother-in-law well we've lived here for 11 years now so she's kind of over it but for the first couple of years every time she walk through the door she'd kind of look at it sideways and be like didn't want to give that to you um but it's by an amazing artist from Scotland called Allison Dunlop after we got that one I commissioned a couple of extras for upstairs so I'll show you those later nice so should we head through to the kitchen yeah let's do it this was probably the room that really sold the house to me when it was um when we came to see it and it was all just concrete there was no windows I remember walking in here and just feeling like oh my goodness I would just love to have a space like this like we moved from London um quite a small Muse house and this was probably the size of our house so to have a kitchen like this was just the dream and what I loved about it is that it's such a sociable space obviously you can cook and you can have bar stools there and we are a very sociable family we have a lot of parties a lot of dinner parties and then also because we have young kids it's really nice that they can sit in their sitting area and relax watch a movie and we can all be in the same room together some of my favorite things in here um I actually had my 40th birthday I think it was last week times flying think it was last we had a leak and I was kind of reluctant to read decorate because I'm actually going to completely renovate the kitchen and I didn't want to like waste money but I had this sample of this amazing texture plaster by m staco in my office and I've always loved it so I asked him could he please please squeeze me in in time for my party so we actually did a bit of decoration just in time and it looks really nice I just love how it catches the light it's all about the Shadows isn't it all about the texture and like for me lighting is so important when I was pregnant with my son so four and a half years ago every time I get pregnant and I'm done having kids now I used to go through a massive like after about 3 months to 9 months I would end up doing huge Renovations in my house so last time I was pregnant I redesigned the lighting throughout the whole house with John Cullen which entailed literally like tearing down sections of the ceiling but it made such a big difference like I was heavily pregnant it couldn't have been a worse time but it was so worth the pain to get to where we are I think lighting really makes your interior so I'm really really happy with how it looks now so is this the final project then the final product no God no no no like I'm already planning way bigger projects so you don't need to be pregnant right no no it turns out that I'm just you know OCD and interior designer and that's what it's like being Meriter and interior designer and so next project is I'm going to renovate the kitchen believe it or not I mean I can't believe I'm saying this on camera but there's not enough storage this is a huge space but I know I know like I'm probably going to have to ask you to cut that later but it's all windows over here and then we've got a door to the utility in behind you door to the hall and then door to my kids playroom which I'm not going to show you cuz it's complete tap okay so the only storage we have is along here in the island and then half that storage is wine fridge which you know isn't that useful yeah so that's my next project um so watch the space maybe you'll have to come back for a part two okay just off the kitchen we have our utility room this is one of my favorite rooms in the house we've got double washing machine dryer which is great for a really busy household they're normally going all day long it's quite rare that they're not another thing that we did when we had babies that was really handy was we had this integrated nappy Ben is great keep it out of sight keeps all the smells contained a pull out laundry bin this is where we keep all of our cleaning products everything's like neatly stacked Well normally is neatly stacked I'm saying that it's not that neatly stacked that's pretty neat and then over here if you follow me on Tik to you might have seen this before we have a candle Pantry SL candle cupboard which is where we keep all of our candles me and my husband are obsessed with Center candles and this is quite an unusual one this is um NYC n noo I don't know how if I'm saying that properly but it smells amazing I don't actually like how it looks but the scent is amazing yeah there's a bit of a delay but the smell just hit me did it hit you it's really strong isn't it um so yeah that's how you send us your room so let's go and head to our TV room now yeah can you tell me about these cups before we go oh yeah sure texture on um so this was part of that renovation when I was crazy and Pregnant and I wanted to add an LED strip under these cupboard doors and I decided to mix it up by having these liquid metal textured doors these ones are from anchor metal just to sort of introduce another texture in here and add some interest very cool finish thank you okay now where are we off to we are going to the TV room now this room is like the coziest room if ever you want to hide from the world which you know let's face it we all do on a regular basis you can shut the door come in here and it just gives you a hug this is kind of the space where tend to hang out more in the winter cuz it is quite dark and cozy this sofa I've had for 18 years I mean it's lasted longer than most marriages um other things I love in here you know it's got a very rustic Chic Vibe I really wanted to get a cotwell cottage but instead I decided to do a TV room inspired by it I love this coffee table um again it's Oak and it's got this sort of brush finish which if you've got young kids a brush finish is so much more practical because it doesn't scratch you don't need to worry about Mark so much yeah makes sense and then I love these mirrors over here as well which were very much inspired by the sash windows opposite and I kind of wanted to give the illusion that it's got windows on both sides so it's got like the same pattern of the sash bars um and it just reflects more of those that light back into the room and as well as being an interior designer I'm also a product designer so I've got like various collections with different brands and all these cushions here are from my collection with Andrew Martin so I'll ask the team if they'll link it in the description box down below yeah check it out down below I'll put the link beautiful Oh and before we go I know you were asking me about this Tom this is a petrified log which is basically a fossilized tree from 40 million so years ago it weighs an absolute time you would not be able to move it um but I just think it looks beautiful so I use them as side tables throughout the house I got like 37 of them about 20 years ago so they kind of like dispersed around our house and I have about 10 left in my garage so where should we go now uh let's head across into the study I think okay give you a quick sneak peek into the toilet yeah this is our guest L we changed this up again four years ago the crazy renovation one of the things I love that I did in here was I added this little nib wall um and the reason I did that is cuz I don't like as you walk into a bathroom or a powder room to instantly see the toilet so this wall just creates a bit of separation from the toilet area and then I've plaed all the walls in this beautiful wo covering this is from our fromental collection it's called branches and the breeze again we can link in the description box yeah it's all going to be there for you guys so into the study yeah still this has got quite a different feel from the rest of the house this is my husband's study and my husband's Scottish and he really loves like Ralph luren CL yeah gentleman's club I don't know if that's like the right term don't want to give it like not the wrong kind of Gentleman's Club yeah sure sure no polls in here um but we kind of designed it together I mean he likes to think he designed it with me he got like a select edit to pick from um but I took him to the Chelsea Harbor Design Center and this wallpaper was the starting point this is from colon son and the reason I loved it for him was it has that real sort of like classical nautical feel but it also almost looks like a Scottish Sky which is apparently stormy and gray and dark so it feels very appropriate and then this piece of art works really well with it this is by finel Realms who sadly has passed away um but what I love about this piece is again all the texture and it kind of looks like undulating waves in the ocean um and again the lighting was so important with lighting this one properly so you can see all those shadows and all the texture and um the form of it it's a really special piece yeah beautiful um all the furniture in here is pretty much Antiques and this one we found together in Petworth if you love antiques or you love like looking antiques Petworth is one of my favorite places to go I highly recommend it I always wonder where you get the books okay don't judge me but they're all fake books it's really hard to find the perfect books um I can't remember the name of the company but I'll have a little rumage through my inbox and see if I can find that out for you guys the part but you can do things like um some of these are completely just Fakebook panels like these ones they don't come out but then some of these are like little ring binders I mean we've got nothing in it but you could store like your receipts and expenses in there um I know it's kind of sacriligious not to have real bcks but you know it's all about the aesthetic and then over here oh this was something I bought for my husband for his birthday which was kind of a selfish gift because I wanted it in my home um it's an antique Louis vitton trunk and I absolutely love it one of the things I love about antiques is that they add character and living in a new build that's something that I really wanted to do I didn't want it to feel too you know mcmansion so I found this antique chest from um Louis vitton and then just to make it a bit more usable as a piece of furniture we designed this custom um base with Al Joiner just to elevate the height slightly and it works really well as a sideboard now yeah that looks awesome thank you so this is our formal sitting room which to be honest like most other people we don't use that often unless we've got a party um but I really love it and I wish that we did use it more often some of my favorite things in here has got to be the fire place this one is from Marble Hill fireplaces it's got a glass front you can see some of the condensations building up there but it gives out so much heat so it makes the room really cozy and inviting in the winter and then I really love like even though this is our formal sitting room I really love mixing textures and styles and areas so we've got the really like grand um luxurious chandelier but then if you look at the floor I've combined that with just a really simple understated cyle rug and I like that mix and that combination so it doesn't feel too overly opulent it still feels livable hopefully yeah um one of my favorite things in here again another antique showing my age hope this is not too boring for your channel um but this table here if you look at the detail this is something that I Love About Antiques is just the craftsmanship that you see these are all carved oak leaves and acorns wow I think that looks so special when I found this piece it was a really bright orange Oak which wouldn't have worked in here so I had um a French polisher just give it a really light sanding and then give it a lime wash and that kind of makes it much more tonal with the rest of the house awesome you said that you found this on eBay is that correct so this was a real bargain this looked horrific when I first saw it this was like an orange Pine piece of furniture and I knew that I wanted to have a glazed cabinet here because it balances the windows on the other side um but we just had this painted in a combination of different Dulux colors so on the inside we've gone for a really dark charcoal color which I think is really good cuz it makes all your accessories kind of Pop against that similar color to the the wallpaper as yeah yeah slightly darker and then the front is um kind of the same as the um fireplace so it kind of feels quite balanced and symmetrical yeah sure and then I just elevated that a bit more by using some Arc Martin handles but it's one of my favorite pieces and I think it cost about £200 so just go to show should we head upstairs yeah let's do it so now we're heading upstairs and as we go past this mirror I just want to to point this out to you this is something that I get asked a lot about on my Instagram and Tik Tok on YouTube it's an eGames mirror panel and the reason we did this was we've got a skylight above and I really wanted to bounce all that natural light back into the room egam mum mirror is really good because it's got this like pattern to it where all the gold leaf panels have been put and it doesn't give you a perfect reflection if this was like completely clear mirror you'd see all the fingerprints and see here my son's obviously had a yogurt and put his thumb on it yeah doesn't quite stand it Blends out I mean cuz I know what to look for but yeah I wouldn't have known that was St it's a bit more practical and again like if you're coming down in the morning and you don't want to see your reflection first thing you don't have to like see all your wrinkles or spots whatever so it's it's a much better yeah exactly bit more flattering yeah I'm noticing as well with the paint it's not a perfect white it's like that plastered finish yeah so that's the lime wash um paint and it's really interesting like there's loads of tutorials on YouTube how to do this I didn't do it myself cuz I haven't gone any time and but when The Decorator did it you kind of put really small thin layers on and you really like smudge it in and it gives you can see when the light catches it you can see all those different directions of the pain which gives it a really nice sort of patina um but yeah I really like it it's it's not the most practical like I said downstairs but as long as you're realistic about it then it's definitely worth doing and I recommend it two things before we go into there I love this Lantern but also this is one of the smartest Gates I've ever seen thank you um so these were designed to keep my kids safe obviously they took a long time to make because we had them fabricated by the same people that make our staircase so you can see it perfectly like ties in yeah I'm not going to lie 2 weeks after it got put in even my son knew how to open it so it hasn't like helped us in that respect but we're hoping to get a dog some point in the next year so I think it will come into its own yeah like hopefully as long as the dog doesn't end up sleeping in our bed it will keep downstairs um but yeah it was a good option because we couldn't do normal stairgates um and it looks a lot nicer and this is one of the painting guys that we were talking about oh yeah this is yeah Allison Dunlap I mean you can probably get a closer look here but I just think it looks so nice and I love how the fabric kind of frames the entrance to my son's bedroom okay so where are you taking us now this is our bedroom so when we bought the house this kind of area here was part of the landing and we didn't have any children at the time so we're kind of rattling around this massive house um but we knew we wanted to have separate his and her dressing rooms so we kind of blocked this space off created a little entrance Lobby for our bedroom which is something I really like to do for our clients as well um and then over there I'll show you that in a minute is my dressing room and through here is our bedroom so this is quite a lot more color than you'll see in the rest of my house like sometimes I get a bit of um I don't know like commentary that all of our Interiors are very neutral but I'm not scared of color and I think this bedroom kind of highlights that yeah the starting point for it is obviously the wallpaper which is from our collection with fental this one is called Magnolia canopy I think I'm terrible with names but I really love the kind of like deep burgundy color and I think it's nice to mix if you're going to mix like a really dark color into a room to make it not too overpowering to bring in some lighter things so you can see like the headboard this beds from Vice spring this is much lighter the curtains are lighter the sofa the carpet even the chest of drawers and that all helps balance it out so if you're scared of doing a dark color just like bear in mind that you can mix it with some lighter pieces and it won't feel too dark interesting so I want to go into the on Suite right let's head in it's about as big as the bedroom this has got to be one of the biggest bathrooms ever it's almost too big um but we kind of used this even though we've gotten sweet bathrooms for all the other bedrooms our kids have baths in here every night I use the shower as well as my husband and it's a really like cozy space which is quite unusual to say for something a room that's got this much marble um but when I was designing I knew I really wanted to have book match calacata marble because it's such a beautiful um material but it's so expensive that I didn't want to use too much of it so I just used it in the shower um behind the bath and above the vanity unit and then all the rest of the walls I've done in a vinyl wall covering which is water resistant and firstly that saves you a lot in terms of budget but secondly I feel like it makes it it feel a lot warmer like I personally don't like water W marble everywhere I feel like it feels very cold it feels like a mosum yeah um so I'm always trying to find ways to like warm the bathroom up and then if you come around the corner we've even got a little armchair in here I mean you know you've got a big bathroom where you can fit an armchair so I do get this isn't like realistic for everyone but we live on the countryside so um it's one of the benefits of living out here and this is really nice if you can fit like even a tiny little store it's nice to have some seating in your bathroom just to make it a space like if my kids are playing the bath I can sit down for a minute and just chill while they take a minute yeah create tidal waves in the bathroom and another thing I really like to do is if you can like I said downstairs keep the toilet separate so this one's got its completely own separate cubicle um not only because they're not great to look at but also you know if my kids are one of them need to go to the toilet the other one's having a bath it's not all happening in the same space which quite disruptive not quite as disruptive you know my son doesn't have to annoy my daughter as much if she's wanting to relax but I'll be honest with you guys like because I experiment a lot in my own home I do occasionally make mistakes and this is one of them the amount of glass like it's not until you have to clean your own shower you realize how much time it takes I'd minimize the amount of glass because every time we have a shower you've got to like squidgy it you know do your vinegar it's a nightmare so don't ever make a shower and closure this big that's my recommendation what would you do instead to make it smaller i' do it well I like the size of it um because like you can shower the whole family at once but I'd maybe consider doing like maybe this wo solid or just have like a glass return here and this bit open because it's quite large you don't need to worry about all the water coming out um but you live and learn and I'm just going to be honest with you guys share that learning experience we appreciate the honesty another thing if you're doing your bathroom and you don't have the budget to like put in Marble on all these things you can still make it feel much more elev ated like if you have a little pan around you can see that I've put artwork in here the some beautiful coral pieces that I had made up some sculpture and even accessories like towels this is um monogrammed with my husband's initials so all of our bathrooms have our own initials which is nice because you don't have to like mix up different people's towels um but again it just adds that really luxurious look and that is from my collection with Co so I'll put the link in the description box yeah but I think it's all about accessories ring like you don't have to have an absolute Fortune you don't have to live in a mansion it's all about making those little moments in your home that makes it feel really elevated sure when we bought the house and for quite a few years this area starting from about here was open plan with a bedroom and it didn't feel homely it didn't feel cozy so I I knew I wanted to shut it off but I wasn't quite sure what to do with it so this room was even bigger than it is now even bigger even bigger until lockdown at which point everyone started working out at home and I realized I really really wants to have a gem so we've created a gem in here and it's such a nice relaxing space to be and because it's off the bedroom I didn't want it to feel or look like a typical gem so we've gone for Timber flooring didn't want to do rubber mattings it has like a bit of a smell which I didn't want when we were in bed it's a really multi-functional space like we do some weights we do a lot of Pilates we got the peton um but one of the things I get asked about a lot is the rug these rugs are from crucial trading I think you can order them online but what I love about it is that it's really soft to work out on I love natural fibers as much as I can and because it's oversized like it's not like working out on a yoga mat where you've got to make sure you're constantly on the mat you can really like spread yourself out and do whatever you need to do um so I've really like that and it's worked out really well and we've actually done a couple of clients projects now obviously not to do if you sweat a lot because no one wants a sweaty rug and then let me show you one more thing Tom before we go this has got to be my favorite part of the gem it's kind of mini kitchenette um we wanted somewhere we could go and get a coffee in the morning before we got out of bed um so we got coffee machine space for the coffee pods in here a mini fridge for milk um and shells for the cups and I love the marble which is calacata Viola I've always wanted to use calacata Viola somewhere in my house um and I chose that because the sort of obene purple tones work really well with the wallpaper I absolutely love this room I never take it for granted every every day that I get dress in here I feel so lucky to have this space just for me it's got a lot of storage in here this island was a later Edition that I added which has been really useful for things like gym kit costume jewelry that kind of thing and then again doing an experiment in my own home before I did it for clients I decided to cover all the Wardrobe doors in a wall fabric just to see how practical it was 11 years later they're still in good condition so it's it's worked out well but my favorite thing in here is the wallpaper and I am a little bit obsessed with this if you look here Tom this is all hand embroidered on silk and painted this one's by fento as well and it's just the craftsmanship is amazing it's like a piece of art yeah and I really love the fact that I get to sit here every morning when I'm doing my hair and makeup or even working I quite often work from this computer I get to look at that and it's just so beautiful okay so you mentioned before about layering could you explain to us a little bit about what you mean so when I say layering what I basically mean is accessor ing I think a lot of people underestimate how many accessories you need in a home and without accessories it doesn't feel like a home so right now we're in my dressing room and you wouldn't think it would take that many accessories but I've got a decorative box a tray Jo Malone candle then on my Dressing Table I've got a mirror this one's from Arc Martin and it's all about pulling in those colors and finishes that you've got in your room so this one's antique brass which matches the frame and the handles on the table um then I've got focha green and bronze tissue box different textures as well and these ones bring in the colors of the gray from the wallpaper this one's also from Addison Ross and even the bin even the bin yeah you've got to have a beautiful bin because the angle you look at your bin you always see the rubbish not the actual bin so I designed this one with Addison Russ so it's got a beautiful lid so you never have to look at your rubbish you don't have to worry about other people knowing what's in your rubbish bin either so yeah those finishing touches make all the difference so now we're going to head into my son Oscar's bedroom it's got a very preppy Vibe um and this is very typical of how I design children's rooms for my clients as well when you have children you realize how quickly they grow up so when he was a baby it was decorated exactly the same way except for where there's a desk I had a cup um I really didn't want to have to redecorate in like seven years time so all of this will hopefully last him until his 18 the wallpaper is a favorite that I get asked a lot about it's by Philip Jeff and it's called Chevron Chic in B BL um and then all of the linen on his bed is from our collection from Co and you'll see his monogram OTP is on pretty much everything that was a really important consideration when I was naming my children that they had to have a strong monogram cool I don't have a middle name and I've never forgiven my parents so I did not want to make the same mistake for them they're covered it's all good they've got it covered this used to be his nappy changing station but now it's just storage for his clothes and finel Realms the artist from downstairs when I when she found out that I was pregnant with my son she gifted me these two mini ones which is so special to me because obviously she's not here anymore and it was such a lovely gift at the time and then over here he's got a little unsweet bathroom so now we're heading into my daughter aa's bedroom previously she had Oscar's room but when I was pregnant with him she got moved into here so I knew I needed to make it special so she didn't feel displaced and the starting point for here was this amazing fourposter bed she really wanted to have she actually gave me a brief really um yeah and she like because she's I've always been interior designer and she knows all my team she kind of feels like she's a designer as well designer and a client designer and a very tough client as well she tells me when I get it wrong um but she wanted a four poost of bed and it had to have working curs and this has turned out really well because when she has playdates all her friends get drawn to this room straight away and they end up jumping on the bed and making a huge mess but they love the fact it's like a little mini tent that's cool Ava designed this wallpaper with me she really wanted to have lots of animal on the walls um so when we were designing it she like told me what animals to have and she also wanted to have a little family grouping so you'll see on the other side of the room there's like a little family group of elephants which is really sweet so sweet and then I've taken that same theme of the animals onto the lamp this is from ptera and I loved how the position cuz we got to like lay out the the wallpaper so that I had the giraffe on the wall and then the giraffe on the lamp as well very well thought out she's even got her own Island so this is very much inspired by my dressing room so on this side she's got shoe storage so she doesn't have to have them in her wardrobe very lucky girl these handles are we designed these with our MC Martin they're called grov I'll put them on the description box and then on this side she's got like all her bags and hats and loads of accessories and then in here lots of storage for clothes she's a very lucky girl but she deserves it and then she's got her own bathroom in here which hasn't changed since it used to be a guest bathroom and then the last room is our guest bedroom so so come on through it's just across the corridor this is a very neutral space I wanted to keep it very neutral so that it kind of would suit whatever guest we had staying it's got a very calming feel the walls are all covered in a grasscloth wall covering which has this lovely texture you can see it when it catches the light above the bed and then the headboard itself was inspired by the movie the holiday they have a headboard like this in that movie yeah we'll pop a little picture up of that bed yeah and I love how it kind of gives you that sort of cocoon contained fill yeah and then this is one of the latest products I've designed this is for our collection for Co which is a bed spread cuz I'm really into thin bed spreads I'm kind of over those really thick heavy ones that you never know what to do with when you take them off um so this gives you kind of slightly more relaxed um rustic feel I love that screen as well this screen yeah it's lovely this was from a showcase exhibition we did probably about 7 years ago um for a company called Visa V we designed a bed Lin and range for them and this was part of the showroom and the wallpaper is called AA I named it after my daughter and it was the first wallpaper I ever designed and then we put it onto a screen kind of looks like artwork it's definitely a bit of a motif of yours that kind of the branches yeah I'm very inspired by Nature I love nature for me I think that's where most my inspiration comes from so and I always think it's nice to bring the outside in especially living in the countryside that's something that was really important to me and then when we were designing the wallpaper collection one of the things a lot of my followers said was that they love the wallpapers but obviously having hand painted or embroidered wallpaper on your walls in your house is quite expensive sure um so we wanted to try and find a way to make it more accessible so then we came up with this concept of having readymade art which is exactly um the same pieces that you'll get on the wallpaper it's all hand painted on silk and it comes ready made in this bronze frame um and you can buy those online so it's a lot more sort of easy to buy and a lot more accessible price point lovely thank you okay guys well that is the end of the home tour I hope you've enjoyed it but there's nothing else left to show you do you have any tips for any aspiring interior designers just before we go tips for aspiring interior designers subscribe to my YouTube channel I share loads of tips and videos on how I break into the industry and how you guys can get into the industry too but we've got to go cuz oliv's desperate to get back to work so I'll see you very soon thanks for coming Lun for home show bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @v_svet [2 likes]: 👍👏🔥🔥
  2. @drhermenegildokiebeajorg-qn6zv [1 likes]: I love your passion for your work and that’s why I see good project of yours every time I watch interior designer projects!!
  3. @PhetogoTheMother: I love this house so much
  4. @afarshad1690: her bedrooms is masterpiece !
  5. @girlsdrinkfeck: nothing better than tour videos of beautiful homes with beautiful native women
  6. @黃巢設計工務店戴小芹: Combining aesthetics and practicality
  7. @Max707SRC: She seems a little snobby n stuffy
  8. @RamzanBuriro-p9k: Cold.area.our.hot.pak
  9. @yazzya.d4806: Oh wow what a beautiful home i would love to have a home like this light airy modern ❤😍 beautiful ❤️
  10. @PENELOPENANKUNDA-fn4vu: i just looooove her home
  11. @Neil_On_Guitar: This house is up for sale as of March 2026 if you have a spare £9m. Beautiful house.
  12. @qshanazidalphine4350: Wooow this house is crazy
  13. @EndlessBlue-z6r2vu: B U L L S H I T  T. !   sorry ! 😢
  14. @victoriaherrera278: Me encanta el dormitorio de los niños
  15. @doctorsoprano: Excellent tour. Pretty house. She seems to like beige.
  16. @ToxicAfricanKing: 4:50 Not an opportunity to tell us about your entire life story. We are all about the house, not a woman and her life
  17. @DolorezMurrietta: Sophie, I love this so much. I also collect the blue & white pottery. I live in Arizona USA, so my look is more Southwestern but man great job!!
  18. @lojainbezo6793: I Loved
  19. @Ajjahaute: Beautiful home!
  20. @dannysmith8917: Fake books! The definition of form over function.

- How can I measure the success of my luxury landing page?: Kind: captions Language: en how do I measure the success of my luxury landing page well quite simply in terms of conversions people have arrived at your luxury landing page whether that's a luxury real estate landing page or a luxury product or service brand that you're promoting we want them to convert so that's either in the form of a an appointment that is booked a document which is downloaded or some other F something requested whatever the target goal is um we should track them through the entire process so especially if you're paying for leads some analytics need to be involved some AB testing and also uh heat mapping of the landing page to see what the actions are what the hot spots are on the page so that we can make sure that the landing page is optimized for conversions we get exceptional conversion rates on our landing pages

- Interior Designer Answers Your Top Design Questions From Instagram | Q&AD | Architectural Digest: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Should you mount your TV over your fireplace? Hell no, my name's David Netto. I'm an interior designer based in LA and I'm gonna answer some of the questions that you've asked AD on their Instagram. [upbeat music] Creative ways to use lights instead of using overheads. Well, this is kind of a trick question because you can't just use overhead lights or you're gonna have a disaster on your hands. You're gonna have a VD clinic waiting room, you're gonna have a police station or I don't know what, but it's not something you wanna live in. It's not just creative. You must have the primary source of light that you live with be at eye height, and then whatever's in the ceiling overhead is gravy, but should be dimmed way down. The best ways I know to do that, to offset needing more light in the ceiling is to use sconces. That's one traditional decorating thing that still works in any kind of room for me. The other way is to furnish the room well enough that you anticipate table lamps where you will want them. They're not just a fancy option, they are the reason that the room is sexy or that the lighting is successful. Do you ever notice like lighting is a huge aspect of why a place is desirable to be in? The reason is because you want to feel seduced by the lighting. And if the lighting is a one-liner, it's sort of like someone tearing all their clothes off and saying, you know, here I am. There's just no story to it. And then you also want to distribute the light evenly around the room. So the sconces, if you have a pair on one side, look for a way to put another pair on the other side that answers. The best countertop for a kitchen that gets a ton of use. If you're a real cook and you've got a house full of kids, the kitchen's gonna get beat up. So my first thought is to give into the fact that it's going to get a beating and offer something that actually looks better. The way actually leather looks better the more patina it is. If it's really getting banged up, I like to suggest that we use a material called Vermont Soapstone for countertops. It beats up evenly over time. The first scuff or wine stain will be very upsetting, but then after a few months, the whole thing is scuffed up evenly and it has this wonderful patina like something from the 19th century and it's actually the material that they used to make lab counters out of before they invented composites. And it comes from Vermont. Vermont's my favorite state. What colors mix well and what combos should I avoid? Colors that mix well to me are colors that take a risk. I like to do a little more R&D than doing things that I know are already in someone's mind's eye because they're so easy to like, light blue, blue and white. These are wonderful color combinations. They have their place in the world, but when people call me and they want something they couldn't have maybe done on their own, I like to try to take risks with color. And so these two colors, dark green and brown would be one example. Another example of a very successful color combination, I think is dark green and dark blue. This is a catalog of a French designer, actually, he wasn't a designer. The best designers are often not designers. Charles de Beistegui, and this is the Château de Groussay, which is full of all these very strange kind of technicolor combinations. Another way, giving you some real inside tricks here, that I like to figure out how to mix colors in an exciting way, is to look at the work of a decorator called Jacques Garcia. And he sort of brings new life to rooms that are about the past in most ways. You know, he likes, as Karl Lagerfeld once said, "I like my 18th century fresh", and that's kind of what Jacques Garcia does. So when I'm stuck and I need some exciting color combinations, I do look at the Jacques Garcia book and I'm happy to tell you I always find an answer. What color combination should you avoid? Well, I don't know. I only know the things that work. That's why I'm in the video here. Colors are often very personally triggering. You don't necessarily know why somebody loves a color that you might not like at all. I used to be very prone to air sickness when I was a small child. So I remember the colors of the insides of airplanes in the 1970s in these sort of mustard brown and orange. I can't do that because I'm programmed and we all are in one way or another. Anybody trying to put together a color palette can look at the same things that I'm looking at. Every room needs a little bit of red if it's gonna be exciting. I mean, there are very few rules, but that is one of those rules. You generally don't want the red to be dominant in any way. If you're not working with a designer, it's safer to do neutrals and then just do a pop of red. There is no problem doing a room that is predominantly white or off white. Create a largely white backdrop and then drop in something weird color-wise as the hot sauce. Hit it hard with two shakes of Tabasco and get out alive. Should you mount your Hell no. This is something I'm on record as saying in print as often as I can. The bane of flat screen TVs is that now they end up going over everybody's fireplace and it's pretty much the worst thing you can do for a room. That being said, the convenience can be irresistible, but you're asking me, should you and not could you? And I'm saying no, you should not. You should find somewhere else for that because the fireplace is the holy grail of the life of the house, and we should watch the fire and not the TV. Frame TVs are kind of a blessing, they are innocuous. What I would not do is put the pictures that they show of flowers and views of, you know, fantasy seascapes and stuff like that. Just turn it off. But a frame TV is a lot less ugly than a non frame TV. When you get a frame TV, you can hang other frame things around it and create what's called a salon hang that sort of disguises the impact of the TV. What design styles mix well? Anything that is enough of a completely disparate point of view tends to be exciting because it creates a tension and a conversation between the two objects and the two styles. So the styles that mix well are super modern and medieval, 18th century French and Italian 1960s wicker furniture. Design styles that don't mix well are things that are wimpy or don't have a different enough point of view to want to be next to each other. If you look at two pieces and you're wondering if they're going to work well next to each other, I would ask yourself, am I excited to look at these two pieces or am I just trying to solve the problem? The emotional response that you have to objects and the juxtaposition of objects is usually the best way to figure out if something's gonna look successful. I remember when I didn't know how to do that. I made a lot of mistakes, don't feel bad. Mistakes are the only way to learn. How do you determine if a vintage piece is ugly or chic? because a lot of times the chic things are ugly. What you want to get better at as your taste evolves is not being afraid of ugly things because you're gonna put it next to something that makes the whole composition successful. Notice I'm not saying pretty, I'm saying successful because lots of times pretty and chic really have nothing to do with each other. If you want to feel not so much that you care that it's chic or not, but that it says something to you, then you're actually doing the most important part of collecting and decorating, which is you're making a personal connection with the object. If you're looking for something vintage, you should keep your eyes peeled for whatever is a great thing that could come from the region of where you're looking. So if you're looking for something vintage in Maine, you might wanna look for the best decoy duck. If you're looking in an Italian flea market, maybe you're looking for a Venetian mirror that's all dusty and nobody cares about it. The first thing you want to establish is where are you and what could the best thing be that crosses your path in that part of the world? Next question, good colors for someone who's afraid of color. A good way to get into a comfort zone with that is to talk about fashion connection. So if you ask someone what their favorite color sweater is to wear that they're comfortable with, they would tell you and then you would say, well, there's a color that we want to use in a room for you. If you ask someone why Hermes boxes are so beautiful when they're this bright screaming orange, but you're not afraid to have an Hermes box handed to you, then let's find a way to put an orange blanket over the back of a chair in one of your rooms or even do more with it. There are ways trick people into relaxing that are sort of psychological cues, which a good decorator has quite a few of. There's a lot to be said for sticking to one color in a space. I would say if you do it boringly, which is to sort of half do it, you know, you do a chair and the pillow on the chair is the same color, that's kind of not gonna be too exciting. But if you did the same color on the walls, the chair, a version of it on the carpet, then there's a painting and the painting has that color in it. Something like that can be one of the most sophisticated rooms in the world because generally the more you see of it, the prettier it is. I don't get a lot of natural light. How can I make my home feel brighter? This is a lot of our problems, dear writer, don't feel bad. You can make your room feel brighter by causing distractions internally, counterintuitively, one of the ways to do that is to paint a room darker. So if you paint a dark color, it makes the space feel bigger and more mysterious. The light that you do have will actually feel like more. Another way to do this is to paint the floors bright, high gloss white. Any kind of floor paint to me is a sort of dazzling way to lift a room and make it feel hip. You do have to be careful because there's very little oil-based paint. Only Fine Paints of Europe is still a high gloss paint that gives you the effect that I'm talking about and that will also give you reflected light. You can bring metal into play in the room and you can have a metal coffee table with a glass top. You can have metal lamps. I would say go heavy on the metal and heavy on the mirror. Another trick is using picture lights on all the pictures because then you get this soft glow. It doesn't look like you're compensating for anything. It looks like it was always intended to be that sort of English country house atmosphere. I can't afford all new furniture, but I want to keep my house from feeling dated. Any tips? Well, sure, I love budgets. Okay, any good decorator is not a snob because great decorating is about creativity and getting excited about finding opportunities. It's not about spending money. My first recommendation would be take things away because most people need editing rather than more decorating. And then I would say scrape together the money that we do have and put a architectural mirror into a room. Turn one wall into a mirrored wall and then it'll double the light of the windows, which costs nothing. It will reflect the furniture that we did have money to buy, and it's a way of bringing glamour for relatively little expense. If you can't afford all new furniture, which many people cannot, there's no reason to be discouraged by that. You probably can afford a big, beautiful tree. And I would say that you should go to the flower market and get the most beautiful black olive tree and the biggest one you can fit. And then you go to a hardware store and you buy an uplight, and then you put that in the corner next to the new mirrored wall and you're halfway to a Billy Baldwin room with no new furniture. What piece is most worth splurging on? I think that the piece that's worth splurging on is the piece that you care about. This is your house. It's supposed to be about your dreams of how you're gonna feel at home. One answer to that might be the most beautiful sailboat model in the world, as big as I can get, somebody else would say, why are you giving me a boat model? I don't care about this, I don't live near water. You know, I want an incredible desk. I'm a workaholic and all I do is sit at my desk. I want the desk to make me feel like everything I ever dreamed would happen in my life. So this is a highly subjective thing, but the thing worth splurging on is the thing that the client or the person using the room cares about the most. If you have kids or pets, you still have to have a beautiful house because the house will be compromised. I mean, I'm not gonna use the word ruined. I'm a father of two beautiful girls and I loved my dog deeply, and we just accepted that the impact that they had on the house would be something and not nothing, but it didn't stop me from buying anything that really wanted because I was worried that they would mess it up. It just didn't, you're lucky to have the dogs. Who cares about the furniture? You know, just go for it. What are affordable upgrades that make a big visual difference besides paint? You can put wallpaper on the ceiling. You can buy the biggest size noguchi paper globe pendant and hang it in the middle of the room, get rid of all your rugs and refinish the floors and then have everything looks kind of stark and elegant. One way you can lift a space without spending terribly much money is buy beautiful books and stack them artistically. Make a composition of the books on the coffee table and then buy one object that's a great sort of beguiling thing, could be a bust of Voltaire, or it could be an abstract modern sculpture that you find in a flea market that's not valuable, but it's pleasing to you. How to start furnishing an empty apartment when you don't wanna rush the process. I would start with the sofa because what good is life if you haven't got somewhere to sit when you come home, try to get some of the lamps in place right away because you're never gonna like it unless it's nicely lit. I mean, if it's me, what I care about are chairs because they're like characters in a play. You just can fall in love with a chair the way you can't almost any other piece of furniture for me. So I would buy one beautiful sculptural chair with a very strong direction in it, embedded in the DNA of it as to how you want everything else to end and let the chair do the talking until you buy all those other things. Thanks for all your questions. It's been a pleasure to answer them as best I could and good luck out there with the shopping and the decorating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @touchnono [1 likes]: Ew
  2. @PrincepsComitatus [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @Swede-m7q: The snobbery in the first minute turned me off instantly even though I’d probably agree with his design ideas. No thanks.
  4. @MistyBurns-v8f: Appreciate that he refers back to the client/end user and does not inject his aesthetics.
  5. @michaelthatsit: The photography for this ruins the designs. By using HDR you’re losing the impact the lighting has on the space.
  6. @AshlenEllen: This guy was amazing, it was really nice and easy to listen to him. Do ask if he wants to come back and do another video.
  7. @andietaytay: Love him!
  8. @lounamana: Amazing video...tips explained ❤
  9. @fortnboy: I'm loving your color advice.  Your advice is giving me confidence.
  10. @Donie805sd: Interior designers are so useless…
  11. @ArzalArdazz: 1:08 that is... so true, i'm so attracted to warm lighting that it's crazy. i just want to feel bathed under that warm gradient of light that acts as a silent friend for me.
  12. @solvesper: 2:54 not the SBB Watch 😂 Swiss here, see that watch every time I use public transportation
  13. @squirrelnibbler19: Why have a frame TV if you turn it off? Defeats the whole purpose. Love my frame.
  14. @ibrajimenez2098: "You're lucky to have the dogs "
  15. @CarmenBrooks-y6s: Love your ideas for affordable upgrades. I like to add 2 or 3 vivid plants, as large as I can afford, which add life and another layer, very inexpensively. I'm glad you did this Q&A with AD. Thank you!
  16. @biodigitaljazz1: He's smart, but instead of telling us the simplified general rules to follow in order to make our rooms unique in our own way, he's more just telling us his quirky ideas and own opinions that go against the grain of why we're all here.
  17. @nat.serrano: This guy basically like red and blue
  18. @thinkingthoughts7244: I was like is… Pierce Brosnan giving ID advice??? Clicked for that, stayed because David gives really thoughtful advice.
  19. @sdfghuihef5602: no way bro says brown and green or blue are a brave color choice
  20. @jo8165: he is so hot🥵

- Home Design Trends Officially Over (Stop Using Them in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome back. And today we're doing trends to skip. I'll tell you why. I've got six trends we're talking about. And three of them we're going to forget. Skip, skip, skip. And then three are kind of nice. We like them. So, ready? Number one trend to forget about is the '7s reprise. Oh my god, guys. The wheels are spinning so fast on that thing that is going to pass us in our rearview mirror in no time. So, don't even bother to invest. It's going to be here and gone before you know it. I'll tell you why. It was ugly to begin with. Let's not redo that again. If you want to do a 70s reprise, maybe grab a color, maybe uh as an accent or something like a mustard or something or maybe kind of give it a little bit of an open flow that feels like that. But the rest of this stuff, it was ugly then. It's going to still be ugly. Don't redo it. Okay. So, the next trend that I'm talking about is going to kind of surprise you because it's the color of the year, but I'm going to sit here and tell you, do not paint your walls green. Why am I saying that? Here's why. Green, guys, is super super tricky as a color. And the reality is, as you can see here, it is very easy to pick the wrong one and have your project go screeching off the rails in a hurry. Honestly, do you know how bad you would look in this lime green bathroom? That would be hideous on people. So, the key is this. If you want to add green into your space, that's fine. Think about plants, maybe a decor element, or maybe even, you know, just a little accent piece of some sort. Maybe an upholstery piece or a pillow, something that you can change up fairly easily because picking green for your walls is tricky and it's too much brain damage. Move on. There's other stuff. Now, my number three trend is actually, I think, kind of crazy, but it's putting marble or natural stone everywhere. Oh my god, this bathroom. I don't know how many tens of thousands of dollars this must have cost, but it's not a successful solution. And the second thing that you never want to do with natural stones is use like three or four together. So, if you're going to pick a natural stone, it's an investment. It's an investment in wherever you're going to place it. So, make it a focal point. Make it one element. Use it nicely. Add all the other elements around it quietly. Make them blend with it. Make them soft. But make that natural stone, that one piece, wherever you put it. Maybe it's a coffee table. I don't care. Maybe it's the front of your fireplace. Maybe it's your island top. That's it. That's all you want to do with it. And then move on. Okay guys, so those were the three that we are going to forget about. Now, we've got three that I really do kind of like. And let's start with this one, which is the color palette. And what's happened is they've realized that colors needed to warm up from all those terrible grays that we saw, you know, before in 2020 and all the rest of that before that. I love this yellow soft bedroom. I think that's fantastic. Or how about this kind of midnighty al cove back? That's beautiful. Or even this kind of lovely soft terracotta just as an accent wall in the bathroom. It's a it's a gorgeous look. So these palette colors I would love to see introduced maybe in small elements to begin with for your space and kind of see how it feels with what you've got going and then you can expand it as the year goes on. Now guys, if all these tips are helping you, please be sure and subscribe, hit the bell, ring the button, whatever it is. Do all those things and make sure that you're appraised every time I drop a video, which is weekly. And then on top of that, moving on. All right, one of my favorite new trends this year is curves ahead, baby. Woo! I love this because we've had really kind of straight lines and linear pieces designing for a long time. And now what's happening is we're kind of getting into that little more sensual, little softer, little gentler kind of feel to things. Also helps with the cozy factor. Ratchets that right up. And I love how they're designing these pieces, like the little rounded club chairs, or I love this gray sofa that just kind of looks gently like you just want to sit on it and hang out all day. Or even this one that's done in kind of a mod sort of a mustard that's a little hint of the '7s, but it's contained. And so that's okay. We like that. So that's great. And you're seeing it in all kinds of furnishings pieces, as well as kind of how layouts put together. So curves are in your future, baby. Okay, guys. I saved my favorite and what I think is the best for last on this list, which is woo texture is my new fave story for everything. So, think about it this way. We've had a lot of like formalized patterns and all the rest of those kinds of things, but now what's happening is as we want our spaces to be more cozy and warm and inviting and places that we feel comfortable to hang out in, ooh, we've got to make a massive investment in texture. Now, why is texture interesting? Because what happens is when you take something super fuzzy and you put it up against something super glossy, it creates sort of a visual contrast which creates a tension that makes the space interesting. So like for instance, I love this one with the plaster wall with the smooth leather and then the wood ceiling. That's all kinds of crazy textures kind of all sort of working in together to kind of never replicate, just create a little story that happens. Or this one. How about this? They strung rope on the ceiling, which I adore. Then they added that chunky retan space in some linen on the sofa. That's a great space as well. Or maybe this one with the smooth leather, which is gorgeous. Retan is really big. So think kind of natural furs, hides, things like that up against slick glass finishes, lacquered woods, plasters. There's all kinds of ways you can play these texture stories to make it really sort of interesting. J, there's all kinds of wool, silk, linen, lots of options there. So create your own personal statement around a texture story for your space for this year. And if you guys are one of those guys where you're absolutely about to attack a kitchen or do something significant like a kitchen or a bathroom with your home, maybe add an small addition, change out some windows, renovate in any way, you absolutely need to check out the designer method. This is my new program for anyone who's doing any kind of significant either construction or renovation to their homes. I take you from soup to nuts. There's a link down below that'll give you more information on it. So, check out the link down below. It's definitely in the description, but it's also right here. And I hope I see you there. Okay, guys. So, what I want you to do now is I want you to go over to this video, which is kind of the reference point on why trends do what they do. And I put this together specially for you all cuz I get a lot of questions about trends. So, go ahead and click the button that's right here. And I'll see you guys next week. out. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DanetteCassetty [3 likes]: My favorite room in my house is my green dining room. It’s so stunning. 🤷🏻‍♀️
  2. @kristinelawton4767 [2 likes]: Your comment about, never choose green, because it is hard to get it right, is completely wrong, there are many soft neutral feeling greens, my daughter just used Chimichurri by BM I believe is stunning, it complrtely transformed her space
  3. @dianastvarnik697 [1 likes]: 70s were NOT ugly!
  4. @melvinbowen2nd [1 likes]: Gen X doesn’t like the trends
  5. @apope06 [1 likes]: I loved the video. Agree with everything. Except i admit that i liked the 1970s pictures. Haha. My wife and i plan to have a dark, teal walled living room. I told her i never want to see grey or white walls again. We have a burnt orange small couch, velvet crimson pillows, a green chair. All for a dark Academia/Boho inspired vision. I too love texture
  6. @ange9563: There is no wall color that is regrettable. Shades sometimes, but those can be pulled off with enough work. Even the greige backlash is more because someone makes everything in the house greige. It feels like amateur interior designer hour to go ‘no to this entire color.
  7. @brendagilligan2090: Thank you Lisa for telling it like it is. It is sad that most people don’t really want to hear where they have went wrong. You have incredible taste and excellent advise. Just loved your hotel video also.
  8. @jackandjill9065: You’re correct in that green is a hard color to get right, but when you do it’s fabulous!

I love my greens and shades of red interiors!
  9. @jandl9417: Love Lisa’s straight to the point advice……no long talk ❤❤❤
  10. @greymomma: Just remember, that fur/wool is going to collect the dust and that bucle better not get touched too much.
  11. @Nottherebutthere: Millenial grey, AAAAHHHH!!! Hated it!
  12. @heehaw-i6u: Do what you like, buy what you want, chose what makes YOU happy and comfortable.
Ignore shyt like this!!
Be happy!!  xx
  13. @marylut6077: No woolly mammoth chairs or stools, please
  14. @MelindaBula: No 70s. And picking the wrong green can lose you a lot of money. Don't do the backsplash. you are so right. ❤❤
  15. @PennyNelson: Gawd where did you train? You are aweful.
  16. @andrew4809: Do need tension don't be predictable
  17. @lorisutton2423: I would never paint my bedroom yellow, it represents energy to me, sunshine! Wake up, not good for sleeping.
  18. @elisabethdaniel9806: Love 70s future forward designs and experimental prints and furniture, very cool🙌
  19. @kathyorourke9273: I hated the 70’s when they were the 70’s.
  20. @MaureenKenney-l2w: For the past several years, as mote and more people worked from home, commercial office space was empty.  And, architects, designers and influencers started to use conference room furniture in their dedigns.  They called it "mid-century".   They called it "minimalist".  But they were really thrifting hard-to-sell office furniture.  It never looked homey, sophisticated, stylish or inviting.  So if that's all going away.  Great!  Thanks for the video.

- 2026 Interior Design Trends with Shea McGee: Kind: captions Language: en-US - My heart, I can't. - I can't even. If you could just end it like that, that'd be great. (laughs) Today, I'm sharing some of the trends I'm really excited about for 2026. (gentle music) These are things I'm really inspired by and have been inspired by for quite some time. So you'll see them start to pop up into Studio McGee projects and McGee & Co. products. While I don't love the word trend, I do think that there are details that keep design feeling fresh. I have identified ones that are still rooted in tradition and very much a part of our new heritage aesthetic. One of those trends is silver. You'll see I'm starting to incorporate some silver into my bracelet stack and in all areas of the home, beautiful pewter picture frames to this tiny little antique silver shell dish that I found that's been living on my coffee table, collected silverware. And while I still love unlacquered brass and antique brass finishes, we're just seeing a lot more silver come into the home space. It's more that the silver is coming in through the accessories and lighting accents versus just the whole home being a cold silver. I love an antique silver, a pewter finish, so everything from that polished shiny look to a patina look. I will say, when I say silver, I mean true silver, not a chrome finish. Pattern on pattern, I think this is one I shared last year as well, and we're still seeing it come back in a really big way. I've always been a fan of pattern, but right now we're seeing a resurgence of it in a really traditional form, which is layering pattern on wallpaper, the upholstery, the pillows, and they're bold patterns being layered together, and often it's a floral print. And I love that look, I'm excited to use that in several projects right now. And at McGee & Co., we have this beautiful new wallpaper launching that has matching upholstery and pillows, and it'll be the perfect way to get that look and also introduce our new trend, which is blue. And I know, blue isn't exactly a new thing, but you see green and blue as the it color kind of change over the years. And we've seen green in all forms. Green is one of my favorite colors, I love it. But I am seeing blue come back in a big way in all shades from light powdery blue on cabinets, that's what I'm doing in our craft room as we speak, and also a lot of traditional blue and white, lots of ginger jars. It's timeless, it's classic, but right now it feels fresh because I think we've moved away from it a little bit over the last couple of years. We have a project that's coming out in 2026 that has an entire blue and white tented room, and a lot of navy blue and light blue accents throughout the entire home, and I'm really excited to share that with you. Monogramming and embroidery. I love a monogram on a tote bag or on a shirt, and I love it in the home as well. I love that it gives more personalized look. And embroidery is a technique that you get those beautiful stitching details on textiles. And again, all of these trends really speak to traditional heritage elements that we're seeing a huge resurgence of. It's a great way to incorporate some texture in your home, and there might even be some monogramming coming to McGee & Co. soon. Maybe it's because I've spent the last year writing a cookbook that is filled with tablescapes, but I have pulled lots of inspiration of more formal tablescapes. I have a set of vintage silverware that I break out when I'm wanting this look. Syd carried it around in a backpack as we toured Paris last year as a family. I think there are so many ways that you can get that look even if you don't have grandma's hand-me-down china. We have these really pretty napkins at McGee & Co. that I love look like they could have belonged to grandma, that was the inspiration. They have this really pretty little eyelet detail and then some embroidery that we just talked about, and also this little ribbon that runs through the edge. And what I love about this is that this could go on a very formal tablescape or I could pair it back with something more casual. I mean, we're looking at fancy tablescapes right now. The Studio McGee aesthetic, we're known for like this elevated but laid-back living, and I'm still always into that. But right now, we're pulling towards the fancy side. Dark wood stains. So this is something that I have called out for the last few years. And what I love about saying some of these repeating trends means it's not a short-lived trend, it's just part of the design cycle, and we've seen dark woods really start to make a comeback. And right now especially, we're just seeing a lot of it. Rich, depth, it adds a lot of character to a home. I love a white oak, but I really, really am into the incorporation of bringing that dark stain into the home, and that could be finishes. We're doing a home right now in Mexico, and all the cabinetry throughout the home is a dark stain similar to what you see here. I love English oak tones. You're seeing a lot of that in our McGee & Co. pieces, a lot of that brown stain. And I hope to continue to see more of that brought into the home, whether it's furniture or the finishes. As much as I love a patterned area rug, I'm really liking a solid area rug as well right now. And we've used this look in projects, we have new rugs coming to McGee & Co. that have this solid tone, and it is a trend that I am seeing. I was shopping in Italy and a lot of the high-end retail boutiques had wall to wall colored carpet, which was fascinating to me. I am not talking about doing wall to wall light blue carpet in your home though. Let's be clear, I think a solid rug is a really nice way to break up the area rugs in your home. I'm not saying do a solid rug everywhere, I'm saying try the look in one space. The key is a really high-quality material here because a solid in an inexpensive poor-quality material isn't going to have the same impact. Last we have Hollywood Cottage, and I think I need to trademark that name. This is a look that really brings all the trends that I just talked about together in one place. Imagine a space with seagrass rugs, slipcovered sofas, breezy, linen drapes, vintage inspired florals, blue and white accents, silver. And when they are brought together, it evokes a definite mood, and really hearkens back to when I started design in the 2010s. And while we've seen a lot of cottage inspiration over the last few years, this is cottage, but with a fanciness applied to it. Together, all of these layers feel elegant and curated, but you can also make them feel really lived in and comfortable as well. I love to identify trends that are really just classic elements that are having a resurgence. And I think that there are many ways to apply these in both big and small areas of your home. And if you'd like to see more of these trends come to life, we have lots of imagery on studiomcgee.com. (gentle music continues)

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaniecolson1590 [4 likes]: A collected, vintage style with natural elements is what I prefer. Sentimental, hand me downs from family members provide warm memories and are comforting. I don’t do trends. I like what I like and don’t rely on other people to style my home.
  2. @NomaBhatch [1 likes]: How I hate the word trends ...make me so sad what a fickle society we have become because of the presence of Internet 😢
  3. @YourStyleAndMine [1 likes]: Love your style! I’ve been watching since you first started in Utah. Your classic approach to design and color is what truly inspires me. Your choice in clothing is classic as well. Thanks for just being you and inspiring others such as myself to start my YouTube channel just last week. Your never to young or old to believe and succeed. Debra 🌺
  4. @Justmenow: I think the style of the house and the style of those who inhabit it are what’s important. I just built a house near the beach and I did all silver finishes including chrome because that’s what fit the house, not because it’s “in”
  5. @des1180: Fresh  & beautiful 🧵 🩶
  6. @sherylcampbell7480: Hollywood Cottage is Coastal Grandma, aka Nancy Meyers. So while "trendy", these are timeless. They will always look good and you will feel ahead of the game next time they come around. Buy it for life.
  7. @deborahhobbs8941: I just want my home to be comfortable with being assigned to a trend
  8. @t.s.5206: Shea has been adopting or should I say deeply rediscovering classic Southern design. I think it's great since the New Southern Traditional style is extremely popular right now, but at the same time, it's a very classic perennial look. Especially in Utah and out west where there's this double story window wall architecture and a leaning into the pale, sandy colors, and contemporary styling which does not inspire coziness, Shea's inclusion of traditional pieces, wallpaper, fabric, decor items makes the home feel personal. The spa-hotel look is not warm, personal, and lived-in. I feel Shea's latest direction will appeal to a broader cross section of people and their tastes, and last longer than the usual Trends.
  9. @aprilspencer8407: I found this beautiful antique china hutch  but I don’t have space for it in my small dining room. Thoughts on putting it in the living room?
  10. @rosebud93: No links can’t like the video!
  11. @ruthstevenson7169: I thought you were gonna show us designs and instid.Did you showing us you and telling us all about you?And telling us all about your trips , and you know , people want to see decorating , not you
  12. @praisingirl: Hi I love the wall color behind you. can you share the name of it with me?
  13. @lisalaufenberg6002: Thank you for the look at the loveliness.  I love blue, blue and white flow blue china, blue and taupe rooms.  When we were decorating our home in the early 2000’s I was in a furniture store looking for blue, there was no blue, I asked the sales woman, she said blue “was out.”  Fortunately, I was able to custom some great furniture, but I looked for years for my perfect blue pattern rug, finally Pottery Barn started to have beautiful blue rugs and pillows and I was able to finish my search.  We still have that home, but had to move for my husband’s job, when we bought another home I was determined to buy much of my furniture off Facebook Marketplace, the dining room chairs I bought were from the early 2000’s, of course the fabrics were jewel toned!  I am looking forward to looking at your other videos and products.
  14. @elizabethgridley8587: 80s kids…is she wearing shoulder pads???  :)
  15. @alyssecharlesworth2934: Its giving 2000's Pottery barn
  16. @ferloredo9454: When and how do you learn all these different trends and how do you know if they are worth applying into a life-long structure??
  17. @amparohdz3036: Amo tu estilo, vivo en México, veo mucho Decoración de Interiores, me gusta🫶🏼 Veo está en Tendencia un estilo estilo más elegantes, molduras en paredes y puertas, sillas tipo butacas en el comedor eso se me hace muy elegante, lámparas elegantes pero combinado con un estilo relajado! 🫶🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼✨
  18. @mollycatherineee: Yes to the blue! I just did smokey blue built-ins in someone’s office late 2025/early 2025!
  19. @missemd22: So 2026 is just Ralph Lauren styling mixed with Nancy Meyers colour palette and aesthetic. Got it.
  20. @PamelaGilmore-n9v: That's right on point

- Interior Design Trends 2026 (What’s In & What’s Out): Kind: captions Language: en Are you curious about the interior design trends for 2026? Well, today we're going to take a look at it and I'm going to give you my take and I'm going to tell you which one is my favorite. Here's one I have. I don't even know if I can pronounce it. How about fat furniture? Have you ever asked yourself who decides these trends? I mean, who is it? I'm going to tell you why trends matter and why they don't. Which is more important to you, design trends or design principles? Before we get too far into this video, may I suggest and may I ask that you subscribe to this channel? Hundreds of thousands of people watch our videos every week, and we'd love for you to be one of them. Just hit the subscribe button and the bell so you can be reminded and notified every time we put up a new video, which by the way is every Thursday at 200 p.m. Central. Let's talk about who makes these decisions every year. Like who's standing back behind the dark screen and says, "This year trending will be industry professionals." That's right. people in the industry who actually want you to keep buying. I know, doesn't that sound so like it's a conspiracy theory, but it really actually is. I actually want the name of the person who decided that skinny jeans were going to be out the very year that I lost a bunch of weight. I mean, I've been wearing baggy pants my entire life, and now I could wear skinny jeans, and I hear from my daughter-in-law, they're out. You'll notice I still wear skinny jeans. I'd like to know, would you leave me a comment in the section below and tell me why you think trends matter? Because I have never been a trends follower, especially when it comes to interior design because I think it's so personal. And here's the deal. If you are a trends follower, you are likely picking up a little accessory here, a pillow there, and what you end up with over a period of years is all these different design styles that don't really go together. And you're always feeling the need to chase the new cool thing, right? But there are reasons that trends are kind of interesting, definitely interesting, and could make a difference. And that's when you're about to spend a large sum of money, let's say, on a sofa. Guess what is in style for 2026. Totally trending. You ready? Fat furniture. I know. I was offended by the name myself. And lazy boys. Yes, recliners. First time in my entire career that I've been in this industry, a recliner is now considered fashionable. Now, the recliners today are, I have to say, so much better. And I have to say, at my age, I'm actually considering getting one. I know, but if I do, I promise I will never uh film it because I have made fun of recliners for my entire career. Yeah, because they used to be called Barka Loungers and Lazy Boys. just barka and lazy just doesn't sound very appealing to me. But they're big, they're back and in force and in the form of sofas. Yeah, sofas with a recliner. Now, I want you to leave me a comment below and let me know if you have one because they have been around for a while, particularly the leather, Italian leather sofas, you know, where they like transform into a recliner, but they don't look like a recliner when they start. But the bottom line is having something that's super comfortable is what is really trending and that's the overall reaching message. I want to extrapolate from the things that are trending this year. What is the essence? What is the point? How is our society moving into this direction? We're getting away from all of the white houses with the black windows, which I have to say I still love. I personally, if I could go out and buy a house right now, which I'm actually about to, I would definitely consider one of those white houses with the black windows, which we've been seeing on Pinterest forever, because they're just beautiful and sexy. But according to the trend makers, enough of us have bought them, so now they're out. Yes. And what's in now is very earthy, organic textures. Lots of textures, lots of layering, warm, cozy colors, lighting that's architectural, which by the way, if you follow me on the design sessions, how many of you follow me on the design sessions? You are members. You guys know that I talk about lighting as being architecture and being sculptural. Anyway, I should be a trend maker. I'm just saying. No, I shouldn't. I don't want that kind of pressure on me. So, I look at interior design. Uh, let's just kind of look at it historically. Remember, depending on how old you are, a lot of you are probably close to my age. We all went through that very Tuscan/French thing. So, many of us, the ones who could afford it, actually plastered their walls. Real life plaster. It's like a I don't know 12step process and it's very expensive. The rest of us, we sponge painted our walls, didn't we? And then iron work, scrolly iron work with a cananthus leaves and uh floorles. I mean, they were huge. I I personally designed more staircases, custom iron staircases than you can shake a stick out. Oh, another thing. Did we go crazy with stone countertops? Yes. Granite was on the rise and the stone was like rust and sienna and it was on the thing, right? That was what everyone wanted. Or the green. Oh my gosh, the green stone. Remember that? It was huge. The things we did with stone, it's crazy. Yeah. And it's also why it's been so hard to get away from tuskin because a lot of money was put into that kind of thing. Remember the backsplashes? Everything was traverine. The backsplashes had like veno and wine bottles and grapes and you sometimes you'd see a vineyard and that was put in a back. Guys, a backsplash above your cook top is permanent or at least it's an expensive thing to change out but boy did we do it. We did it with gusto. And then oh my gosh, we went into the Thank you Joanna Gains. Love her by the way. She's so gracious. She really is. I do admire her and her career, but she brought in the modern farmhouse, but a lot of of uh buying things from garage sales or things like that and they were found items were being used. She had such a knack and she brought in like the the black Jenny Lind kind of look in furniture and I think she did an amazing job and she also brought in some really natural things too. But that alone, Joanna Gains alone in my opinion is to be thanked for that whole white modern farmhouse look and and it was a revolution honestly in the interior design world. But then it went from that to more of a Mediterranean all-white look. It kind of the white evolved. When we went from Tuscan to the uh modern farmhouse, we needed a change. But guess what? People liked the white so much that the white movement evolved into other aspects of all white. And then came the gray. And here's why I tend to not like trends. I feel like trends make people feel bad. If I came to your house and I looked around, I said, "It's so dated." What would you feel? Oh, that's dated. Guess what? I actually say that all the time. I have a an off YouTube platform called the design sessions. You have to be a member to be in the design sessions. It's where I teach all the design principles that actually really do make a difference in your home as opposed to trends. And I'm always looking, these people send me every month photos of their home and I write on it with a Sharpie what they should do. And you know how often I use the word outdated all the time. That's why the subject of trends is so compelling. It's why you can't help yourself. Because who wants to be outdated? No one wants to be outdated. You don't want an outdated haircut. You don't want outdated clothes. And you really don't want outdated home, especially. It's an insult. Now, when I say it, of course, it's not. It's a critique. I'm just [music] saying. But that's what gets us. That's why we follow the trend. So my whole point in doing this today is not is to encourage you. I I want you to stand your ground on what you like, what you love. Do you guys remember the video I made last year with my friend Steve? He has a classic, what I would call a Ralph Lauren type look. His house is filled with Regency and French items, all done with good taste, and it's something he can live with. And the fact that he picked this style so many years ago and has stayed with it has allowed him to use every dollar he spends on his home toward one style. He like picked a genre that he loves and he has stayed with it. And I defy anyone, including these trend makers, to go to Steve's home and not love it. So, what are some of the design trends for 2026? Grandpa Chic, Hollywood cottage, there's a design style and trend called biopilic. Uh-huh. Are you stumped? It just means you're going to have fresh plants and trees in your home. I like that one. I just don't really love the name. Electric saturation. Yep. For a lime green painted [music] cabinet kitchen. How about a hot pink dining room? Anyway, okay. Colors. Let's talk color. Let's take a look at the Panone color of the year. Yay. 2026 color of the year from Panone is It's white. Mhm. It's white. I'm like, "Wait, guys. We just left the seriously all-white industry [music] feel thing. So, that's what I'm saying. These guys need to get their acts together cuz I'm not sure they're communicating. Anyway, let's take a look at some charts. This will show you a lot of white with a lot of brown. Brown is big in 2026. Now, I didn't see anything about black. I personally really like Sherwin Williams iron ore. I didn't see that in the colors that are trending this year. And that's too bad because I really like it. Let's take a look at what Benjamin Moore says is the color of the year for 2026. So, you see, my friends, even the color predictors can't really decide. Okay, color drenching was huge last year. It still is in play, but this year it's called color capping. That's right. See? Mhm. They changed it up on you this year. Oh, no, no, no, no. Just because you got your whole room color drenched doesn't mean you stop there. We need you to buy another gallon of paint. It's where you change the color on the ceiling. You still paint it, but it's maybe a slight shade lighter than your walls or a shade darker than your walls. Stained wood, darker stained wood is coming back. Okay, remember I'm not talking espresso like the black brown. I'm talking about walnut. Burlwood is great. I actually used burlwood in the apartment, the condo project I did two years ago. It was already coming in and now it's trending. And here's something I saw you guys. Okay, I didn't even bring it up because I don't like it. I mean, if I was really a good teacher, I would just give you the facts and let you decide for yourself. But I I don't think you should like it either. [laughter] It's this every all the furniture is rounded. It's hugging you. Okay. Number one. Does that look comfortable to you? It may give you a emotional connection of soft and round, but it doesn't feel these things. Look at all those. In order to round it, they have to use tightbacked. What about that is comfortable, guys? So, I'm not a big fan of that. I look at this stuff and I think, you know what? You guys are just trying too hard. Let's go back to quiet elegance. I'm going to actually make a video specifically all about nothing but glam design choices because when I take a look, and I'm talking probably thousands of photos of your homes that you guys have sent me that I've taken a look at, I can tell you across the board, one of the most common design styles people are drawn to, women are drawn to, is glam. and glam is completely out of style. If that doesn't move you away from loving trends, I don't know what will because a lot of you like you are not going to get rid of your all your crystal stuff and your mirrored stuff. I know you you won't. Oh, but guess what? Apparently fur pillows are in. That's glam. I know. The whole thing is just kind of crazy. So, here's what I say, guys. You know, [music] I've been on YouTube for I think this is my 16th year. Crazy, right? And my whole sole purpose, well, I do like to entertain. It's kind of fun. But my sole purpose is to teach you, to make a difference, to help you look at your home in a different way, and to help you pull it together. That's what you want, right? you know what you like, but maybe you can afford a designer, maybe you can't, but you just need someone to pull it together. Well, that's what I'm here for. Help you pull it together. If I've convinced you to want to know what the design principles are, and maybe you use the design principles with the trends because you still love trends, you need the design principles to actually make a difference. All right, that's what I teach on the design sessions, which is a completely separate platform from YouTube. There's a a link in the description box below. It is the most affordable way for you to get your own really education in interior design. As in all trends, [music] the pendulum has swung back. Yeah, baby. Guess what? One of the hottest. In fact, my favorite trend design trend for 2026. You know what it is? Modern Tuskin. I know, right? This Tuskcin I think you could live with for a very long time. And I'm actually going to take you through a case study, a home that I did a few years ago. It had a lot of the Tuscan elements. There's a lot of things that go into the old Tuscin and how we transformed it, keeping the good stuff, getting rid of the bad, refernishing, and making it modern. But here's why I'm excited that modern Tuscin is here. You guys send me photos of your homes. Do you know how many of you still are stuck in the Tuscan era? I think if you follow the modern Tuscin, you can keep the good parts of what Tuscin was and what you have purchased in your home and change the things that are obviously dated and you can refernish and you can pull out the really quality things that are now involved in the modern Tuscan. I think it's the answer to so many of you guys issues. I think it's giving you permission to love your house again, which is why I don't like trends because you could have last year gotten so depressed because people started making videos telling you that gray is out and you live in a predominantly gray house that you loved at the time and now you feel very dated. That's just sad. You don't need trends to make your house beautiful. You need design principles. There are things you can do in your home that will make an incredible significant difference. Making wise choices in what you buy and create a home that you love. Oh, here's the deal. You want to create a home that you want to come home to. Now, I can go with a Philarmonic one with the plants and I can go with even a grandpa chic. I know a lot of things about my grandpa and chic he never was. So, I'd like to see how that turns out. But this electric saturation, here's what I like. I like to I'd like to stay in a hotel like that for one night. Would I like to live there? Here's the thing. There are lots of people out there who are so pulled to color that they would love that and they would love it for a very long time. God bless you. Go for it. My concern is that sounds like you're being set up for, you know, gray to come in again in 2 years and then you are [music] so. Yeah. So, you got to think about these things because it all costs money. And by the way, the fact that it costs money is the point. Does it seem like I am just like slapping on trends? I don't mean to. I just I don't know. Oh, I'm old and opinionated. And I just think it's a it's a trap. And I don't want you to be trapped. I want you to love your home. I want you to have a home that celebrates life, that you want to come home to. And for that reason, that's it for me today on the design trends, interior design trends for 2026. So, what do you think? I mean, I think all of these things, like you could incorporate any one of these things. Get yourself a lazy boy. I think I might. Honestly, I think I might. Let me know. Any of these trends sound good to you? Would they be something you would use in your home? Leave me a comment below. I would love to hear it. Be sure to give this video a thumbs up if you liked it. If you thought I was just a little cocky, blame it to my age. And um subscribe. Right. That's always that's always good. We like it when you do that. We'd love for you to join us. And I will look forward to seeing you guys next time. Check out the design sessions in the description box below. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rebeccarobeson1 [93 likes]: Let's talk DESIGN TRENDS, my friends! Do you love following the latest interior design styles, or do you prefer to stick with timeless design principles like I do? I’d LOVE to hear which 2026 trends you’re loving… and which ones make you cringe. Drop your thoughts below... let’s chat about how to create a home that feels like you, not just what’s trending... R I G H T?! RR
  2. @sallyb7472: Thank you for being a maverick! I too have never followed trends. The only negative is it makes it difficult to find anything in the store so I use online furniture sites and some resale locally. I have never fallen for the latest. I have what I love which is timeless. PS I used SW Iron ore on my exterior shutters 4 years ago… still love it!
  3. @bonitapharis216: We have one.. love it
  4. @cassandraguy2962: ❤
  5. @catr4030: Haha I have an accent wall in my living room painted,wait for it… 10 years ago silhouette
  6. @NahidFarzad-d6l: I would like to change every 10 years ☺️
  7. @NahidFarzad-d6l: Trend principle 👌
  8. @tillymoe4987: The only reason to follow trends is because it's easier to find decor items in the current trend. With a little work, you can avoid buying in trends.
  9. @joycekwok4988: I do have a beautiful, huge Italian sectional sofa, we enjoy lying on it each evening, best decision! when I say we I mean my husband, kid and dog, best decision!
  10. @SWIdaho2: I never did want an all white home, & especially not an all gray one! The warmth of Mediterranean & Tuscan draw me. Modern Tuscan does look more timeless. Traditional, classic style is time worthy. This was a great video, Rebecca. Thank you, as always, for sharing your talent & being straightforward.
  11. @Debbie-f3x: The same thing happened to me regarding skinny jeans. I do not follow trends.
  12. @kimcasey4928: I don't follow trends.  I prefer timeless classics that are well made.  I have so many pieces of furniture and accessories that were my mother's or my grandmothers'.  Unless you spend a fortune, furniture is cheaply made now.
  13. @metrower42: OH STOP!  You are NOT old until you say or feel old, you have wisdom that maturity has brought. And you are absolutely right about the "trends" are all about $$$. But as a mature woman, I pick out of and from these trends whatever I want and pitch the rest. Upgrading the Modern Tuscany is kind of cool. Grey never was good except in clothes. My home, which is a 100 year old Craftsman, has evolved from Americana Country, to English Country, to French Country, to comfortable cottage. It gives me great satisfaction when men complement my home as feeling comfortable or cozy. The outside of my house has been Charcoal Gray with white trim for over 30 years and I still love it. ps. did love skinny jeans until they became to difficult to get off.
  14. @fosterkittyconcierge5100: Okay I think anything goes now. I love it.
  15. @wendywittmann: Tricorn Black.
  16. @wendywittmann: It's a matter of form, function, great lighting...not trends. Most "trends" are idiotic.
  17. @lindamcwilliams8080: I just discovered you yesterday and this morning I’ve been prepping dinner while listening to this video.  What fun!  I appreciate what you were saying about learning the principles of design and not being overly concerned with trends, and I love how you present your information and opinions.  I look forward to checking out more of your videos. 
I laughed a lot while listening to you.  And, you are NOT old!  You are beautiful.
  18. @Casandra77: I’m not a  trend follower, I’m strong enough to know what I want and suit me in my body or in my house!
  19. @marolynlampman3310: Thank you for a wonderful video!
  20. @cathydavis1877: I agree with you!    Love Rebecca!

- 2026 Interior Design Trends | 5 Timeless Ideas to Elevate Your Home: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Susie Anderson Home [music] and wishing you all a really happy new year. In 2026, interior design isn't just about what's new, [music] it's about what lasts. We're seeing an ongoing shift towards homes that feel restorative, expressive, and personal. Anchored by pieces chosen with intention rather than trend. Words like [music] timeless, nostalgic, sustainable, and character fililled are still very much present. [music] But this year, the focus is also on how your home supports the way you live and feel dayto-day. So, let's dive in into the defining interior [music] design themes for the year ahead. One, texture as an embedded design element. As [music] we move into 2026, texture is increasingly being built into the bones of the home across floors, walls, windows, surfaces, and joinery, [music] as well as through soft furnishings, bedding, bath, and table linens. As we've discussed before, texture [music] has the power to completely transform how a space feels due to its tactile and visual quality. This means considering the [music] feel of your flooring underfoot, the softness and breathability of upholstery and textiles, [music] and even introducing texture in unexpected ways through raised wall finishes, fabric wallpapers, plaster work, or tiled surfaces. this. For example, soft textiles such as wool, velvet, cotton, linen, leather, silk, [music] and cashmere introduce warmth, softness, and comfort. Harder materials [music] like stone, metal, glass, timber, marble and ceramics bring structure and depth. When these materials are combined, a home feels layered and welcoming. Two, personal and expressive interiors. Next, many of us are craving homes that feel collected and personal rather than perfectly curated. In 2026, instead of committing to one defined style, [music] whether Hampton, Scandinavian, or French country, we're seeing a shift towards borrowing elements from multiple styles and blending them in a way that feels [music] authentic to you. This approach allows your home to evolve over time rather than feeling finished all at once. One of the most effective [music] ways to personalize your space is to start with your lifestyle. Ask yourself who [music] lives in the home. Is it just you, a partner, children, pets, or a shared household? And how do you most enjoy using [music] your space? entertaining, cooking, watching films, reading, working creatively, or hosting guests. Once you're [music] clear on this, you can begin to prioritize. Focus more of your time, energy, and budget on the areas [music] you use every day and design around the activities you want to do more of. From here, [music] look for opportunities to introduce loved pieces throughout your home. This might include artwork, books, and family heirlooms. [music] Vintage or antique furniture [music] and decor. Travel finds and collected objects. and the colors, [music] materials, and patterns you're consistently drawn to. When a home reflects who you are, how you live, and what you love, it naturally [music] feels more comfortable and enjoyable to be in. Three, classic elements that [music] last. Next, two questions I hear often are, how do I create a timeless, elegant interior? and what design elements never [music] go out of style? Both questions point to the desire for longevity, homes [music] that feel enduring rather than driven by short-term trends. This is [music] why transitional and classic contemporary interiors continue to resonate so strongly. These styles feature [music] a balance of old and new, allowing spaces to feel relevant and beautiful over time. Some classic elements to introduce [music] in 2026 include investing in highquality natural materials that age gracefully, [music] such as leather, solid timber, stone, quality linens, and metals like bronze, which develop character and patina over time. >> [music] >> thoughtful detailing like tassels, trims, fringe, pleing and more wall treatment. ments that introduce architectural interest, [music] including moldings, plaster finishes, paneling, decorative tiles, wallpaper, and ceiling detail. [music] and a return to the fundamentals of good [music] design. Paying special attention to scale and proportion, correct rug sizing, curtain height and length, floating furniture where [music] possible, and avoiding too much matching. Before [music] we continue, if you're enjoying the video so far, please like and subscribe. Four, lighting is the jewelry of the room. Next, if you've ever asked, "How do I create ambiance?" [music] or "How do I make my home feel cozy and inviting?" The answer almost always comes back to lighting. [music] While layered lighting has been a focus [music] for some time, combining ambient, accent, task, and mood lighting, in 2026, [music] lighting is taking on an even more decorative role. Even if your home is filled [music] with beautiful natural light during the day, once the sun goes down, we quickly realize that overhead lighting alone simply [music] isn't enough. Just like jewelry completes an outfit, light fixtures [music] such as a beautiful French chandelier and sculptural pendants can act as statement pieces that anchor a room and add luster. Accent and task lighting can also introduce interest through their shape, [music] texture, material, or scale. While lampshades allow for color and pattern Some ideas for enhancing your light scheme in 20126 include sculptural fixtures that create a focal [music] point. Art glass lighting with morirano glass seeing renewed [music] interest. and lighting that adapts to [music] the time of day and mood through dimmers, layered placement, and portable or rechargeable designs. Five, [music] working with what you have. I know not everyone is able to undertake a major transformation, even if it's something you're planning for in the future, but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy your home as it is right now. For example, refreshing your space can be as [music] simple as reworking your existing furniture layout. Decluttering surfaces so the remaining pieces feel intentional. And shopping your home and regrouping decor [music] into fewer, stronger vignettes. If you're open to a few lowcost upgrades, some ideas include refreshing your wall paint or repainting older furniture pieces. Creating your own simple canvas [music] or textured artwork and introducing living energy through plants, [music] branches or flowers. If you're able [music] to go one step further, consider updating your bed or bath linen. Replacing everyday items, soaps, jars, brushes, or laundry baskets [music] with more stylish alternatives. This and decanting hand soaps or lotions into beautiful vessels. We always recommend returning to our five Ls of styling as a finishing checklist. When these elements are in balance, a room naturally feels more complete. Thank [music] you so much for watching. I'd love to know which of these 2026 design themes resonates most with you. Let me know in the comments below. If you enjoyed this video, [music] don't forget to like and subscribe for more videos like this one. And remember, when designing a home you love, the beauty is in the detail.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElegantHomeSanctuary [3 likes]: Thank you, Suzie, for always sharing such sophisticated and aesthetically pleasing insights. I’m truly looking forward to more high-quality videos like this from you! 🌿🕯💎
  2. @KitFord-u9j [3 likes]: Lovely ideas.
The piano music is much better than horns.
  3. @LitsaPodara [3 likes]: All these trends truly enhance a home and are doable. Happy New Year❣❣
  4. @Anna-jl1rx [2 likes]: Only buy things that can be repaired. Never exchange them unless you sell/give them away, replacing them with a  quality item given to you/bought second hand is my tip.
  5. @deesimmons1301 [1 likes]: Lighting  and combining different styles are important for me
  6. @ginafriend1690 [1 likes]: Hi and thank you for sharing Suzie! Good to know I've been on track in changing my livingroom  decor and added details. Many blessings in 2026! ❤
  7. @leadimentoobrien1221 [1 likes]: Gorgeous video.
 I am, as always, super impressed with ur  body of work. ❤❤❤
  8. @danielhaastrup6713 [1 likes]: I love the 2026 design trend of chosing timeless designs and materials
  9. @Interiordecor1414 [1 likes]: Lovely design!!!
#interiordecore1414
  10. @markellwilliams3594 [1 likes]: Hi my beautiful sister Suzie and family!! Thank you Suzie you make me feel so relaxed about how to decorate a certain way . I personally don’t follow a trend. It’s about faded beauty in my house. Finding what I can and making it over. Yet there may be some things out of a trend that I may like but never to look like everybody else’s house/trends. And I just don’t have the budget for all that. I have to thrift and dupe some things. Oh and the music you’re playing in the background I have it playing while I’m cleaning up. I tripping out cuz I’m like hearing an echo in the music but you have the same thing on lol. Have a blessed and wonderful weekend my darlings 🤍🙏🏽🤍🙏🏽🤍🙏🏽🤍🙏🏽
  11. @rosariopaiz6158 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing the new trends for 2026, happy new year with lots of ❤❤❤
  12. @debbiekirk7099 [1 likes]: Hi Suzie you show a bathroom with wallpaper time stamp 7:55 do you or anybody else have a link or know what company it is from. I adore it and would much appreciate any info regarding it. Thanks
  13. @yourhomeessentialsonline: Great content!
  14. @lindak990: I know this has nothing to do with your beautiful videos, but you are very pretty and with your color of skin, you would look lovely in SILVER hair. Coloring "if you do" ruins hair. I get compliments with my silver almost everyday.  I love it and don't need to pay to get my hair done all the time.
  15. @julialazar3251: i always watch your videos ,many good ideas ,thank you so much. timeless is always in fashion
  16. @bluesky7226: Always beautiful, informative and peaceful videos.  Thank you, Suzie.❤
  17. @a-complished4406: This talks to me and my style ❤
  18. @Melissa-sr6jy: Suzie… thank you for displaying real life photos. Please don’t give into temptation to add AI generated decor photos. 
Thanks so much, <3
Melissa
  19. @lorrainel2314: We have an antique sideboard that’s been in the family for decades. It’s in a room with natural wood ship lap wall paneling and modern, light furniture. I love this room because it feels different, it’s never dated. I update the cushions every so often.
  20. @NathanAyrton-x3t: Led me to think

- Interior Designer Answers Design Questions From Instagram (Ft. Nate Berkus) | Architectural Digest: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I don't think I care if you live in a Cape Cod style house, but you don't have bowls of saltwater taffy out. I don't think your decor has to match the style of the house. Hi, I'm Nate Berkus, interior designer and I am happy to try and answer the 10,000 questions that you asked on AD's Instagram. [upbeat music] "What makes a house look put together?" Layers. You have to have layers. I know we're all like the weekend warrior. We're like, "I'm gonna change my dining room. I'm gonna go out on Saturday. I'm gonna find a new table and new dining chairs, and then I'm done." But that's not what makes a home feel finished. What makes a home feel finished are the place mats that you brought back from Mexico or the grouping of pitchers that you found at flea markets or local antiques malls that you gather in the center of the table for flowers. It's the silver. It's the napkin rings. It's the idea of taking the time to recover the seats of your dining chairs in a beautiful textile that you love. And the way that the layers make a home feel assembled over time that make it feel put together. It's not instant and it's never done. I think when I talk about layers or making a home feel put together, everyone's like, "Eh, I can't afford to do that." But the truth is is that I still live with things that were under $10 that I found at a garage sale on my way to the bus stop as a kid growing up in Minnesota. It's not about price. It's about gathering objects and things that remind you of places that you've been, of people that you love, about experiences that you have or aspire to have, and making your home be the home base for that collection. 'Cause when your eye travels around the room and it lands on this geode that I bought on a Saturday with one of my really good friends at an antique shop in Connecticut for probably $20. It sits on my desk now, but when I look at it, I remember how it feels to have a free weekend with somebody that I love. "How can I make my bedroom more cozy?" You have to invite more people into it, I think. Right? In all seriousness, I'm really into four poster beds, iron beds, bed hangings. If you look at traditional historic design, people had sort of drapery around their beds. I think a higher upholstered headboard is also a really good option. It gives you the height, allows you to have some pattern and texture, and really kind of make the bed feel a bit more intimate. And a seating area in the bedroom. I mean, we all know we need the bed, we need the night tables. But if you have room for a pair of chairs, if you have room for a small set tea, a coffee table, a pair of floor lamps, some symmetry, give yourself somewhere else to land besides the bed in the bedroom and your bedroom will feel more like a room than just a place to sleep. I used to like really light monochromatic bedrooms because to me, they were calming after being surrounded by fabric, and color, and pattern all day long. Now, I'm really reaching for richer, warmer toffees, putties, deeper earth tones in bedrooms, because I feel like those colors wrap themselves around you. They have this way of transporting you into this space that really feels like you're sort of living inside your own bathrobe. I think TVs in the bedroom are great. I think TVs in the bedroom are great, especially when you have or are pretending to have the flu "Chic storage solutions for small spaces?" In a small space, everything really does have to do sort of double duty. So rather than just buying a console table, that console table should probably be a chest of drawers or a sideboard so that you have storage inside. Big oversized armoires. Even though it feels a little bit counterintuitive using things with a huge scale in a smaller space, I find the larger the piece, the more practical. I don't like furniture that's designed for small spaces in a small space. It's never made sense to me. I think use less, but use properly sort of scaled pieces that aren't designed for a small space, just less of them and you'll have sort of a more gracious way to live. Don't put in the search engine apartment-sized bed, like you're not Ralph the mouse. Like you need a proper bed. When I had my first apartment in New York City, it was under 500 square feet. It had a little alcove as a studio. I realized that I didn't need as many closets, which sounds insane, that were in the space. And so one of the closets, I pulled out the rod. I mounted a TV in the back of it. I left the shelves beneath it, open to hold electronic components, and books, and things like that, and it all went behind doors, which made me really happy. "Are gallery walls over? What do you recommend for somebody with a lot of different kinds of art?" I think I would edit things differently these days. We've all had like gallery walls and there are places for them and they're really beautiful. For me now, when I see an image of a room that has a full gallery wall, my brain sort of just shuts down. It's like almost too much to take in. That's for me personally. But I do think that if you look like at the pages of AD and you look at the design projects that are published lately in sort of the movement of how people are using art, I think people are hanging smaller, scaled things in unexpected ways and without groupings, or maybe small groupings off center over a headboard, or a row of smaller pieces over a side table. So you know, is a gallery wall ever gonna be over? No. But I think visually we tire of seeing things and somehow right now, one beautifully chosen, well-selected painting, or photograph, or object hanging on the wall feels a little bit more fresh. "Do you have any advice on where to start the design process, so it's not too overwhelming." Hmm. I think you need to sort of assemble a lookbook of what you want your home or your space to feel like. Spend some time in the, you know, over a couple months before you actually start a project, gathering inspiration, images of things that really speak to you, so that when you're standing in front of a bathtub or a sofa, you can reference on your phone the things that you've loved and make sure you're not making a decision because it's no payment for the next 65 years, interest only, or free delivery. There's actually this app called Sortly that I'm obsessed with. Everything I own is in this app. I make much fewer mistakes. When as you're out shopping, you'll know does that towel bar fit underneath that mirror? Will those sconces look good flanking that painting? You can pull it up on your phone and sort of you have like the entire visual inventory and all the information you need to make smart decisions. "So, what is the most timeless architectural or design style?" Ooh, people are gonna get really riled up about this answer. I think the truth is it's traditional. It's not an area that I play well in. Friends like David Netto, Alexa Hampton do a really good job. I stress out with a lot of different pattern fabrics, but I will say that I've always loved timeless design decisions. I think you have to really look back on historic properties and do your research, do your homework. When you look at things like the Wrightsman's rooms at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, no one's walking in there going, "Wow, this would be a lot better if they just kind of changed the paint color of the walls." So the most classic, the most traditional interiors are the ones that stand the test of time. "How do I know the vintage piece is worth the price?" Ooh, this is my favorite question ever. I started my career at an auction house, so everything I do somehow touches the secondary market, vintage, antiques, et cetera. I have stood outside a jewelry shop in Rome that sells silver things for the home. And after I've walked through and shopped and seen like things that I thought were beautiful, a pair of candlesticks, a bowl, I've stood on the sidewalk in front of the store going on sites, like the RealReal or 1stDibs to find out how I could buy something for less money, the exact same thing, and what information I needed to know about it. So if you are curious whether a vintage piece is worth the price, if it's signed, that makes it really easy. If it's not, ask what style it is, and then step outside and do some research. It takes two minutes. It gives you an education. It gives you also a negotiating tool and you feel better about what you're buying. If you're willing to take a risk 'cause it's not a lot of money and you're standing at the garage sale on the corner of your street, but you just love something, then just buy it. How bad can it be? "How do I find common decorating ground with my partner who has totally different tastes?" You have to marry somebody like I did who doesn't have totally different tastes. That's the solution. If somebody has completely different tastes than you, you really have to kind of front load the entire design process with honesty and being as direct as you can be. You can pick or have like veto rights on five elements and I can have veto rights on five elements. In our kitchen renovation in our apartment in New York City, Jeremiah was convinced that he wanted to use the marble that we ended up using, which had a massive amount of green and brown in it. I didn't dislike it, but I was really hesitant. I was like, "Don't you think we're gonna get tired of that?" That's really so busy. It's such a statement. And Jeremiah was like, "Well, I ordered it already." "I had to furnish a new house so that it isn't only trendy, but I will actually like it for long." All right, I'm really going deep with this one, so I want you to listen closely. Trends are awful. They make people feel bad about what they didn't have, to make us buy things that we don't necessarily need. So rather than worry about how to live with trends, worry about how to craft an interior that's deeply personal and reflects what you actually love and will love forever. Just don't be distracted. Even if I'm on television telling you that you have to have a green dining room, which I won't be, but even if I did, don't listen to me. "How do I make sure my decor matches the style of my house?" Why do you want to do that? I don't think you should do that. I think that you should create an environment that really rises up to greet you, a place for experimentation, a place that your own personal style shines through. I don't think I care if you live I think when decoration is not real, that's when you notice a real sort of departure from the architecture. And by not real, I mean you know signs that say like "J'adore Paris," or fake like Eiffel Towers on the wall of a suburban kitchen. But if you want a French country kitchen at a beach house, then you should feel the freedom to be able to do that. It's what you love that's what you should be living with. "What's a good place to save money during a renovation." The best way to save money is to obviously create a budget and try your best to stick to it, but try not to move that many walls. And if you are gonna move the walls, try not to move the location of the actual appliances or the plumbing. Because taking down a wall between two rooms that aren't utilitarian, like a living room and a dining room, is a lot easier than taking down a wall that separates a kitchen or a bathroom from a bedroom. And moving a toilet, for instance, is thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars of labor behind the scenes to get the toilet on a wall across from where it originally sat. "Decor tips for beginners. How do you find your style?" I think it's taking the time to really go through and collect images of things that you love. You don't even have to be able to explain why you love them. You could look at a picture of a room and it likely won't be the exact room you love, but you can notice how the color of the walls works with the color of the sofa. And that color combination might be something you carry with you to the next image that you like. You can notice the way the room is filled with furniture or feels more minimal, and what feels good to you about that. A floor plan that you wouldn't have thought of, that most of us wouldn't have thought of. I still do that. I'm on social media, not looking at the fabrics necessarily, but looking at how they position the sofa or how they fit another piece of furniture in a room that I wouldn't have thought of initially. So finding your style is examining other people's styles and figuring out what to take from each of those styles to make it your own. I found my style, I would say a lot of practice and a lot of exposure. And that exposure came from traveling, came from being in old buildings and studying how the hinges looked and the patterns of the floor and things like that. Not the most fun person to travel with apparently. At Leslie Hindman Auctioneers, the auction house, that was my first job. I saw everything come in 19th century French dishes, silver, rugs from all over the world, whole estates and homes disassembled for sale. Watching people's collections showed me and exposed me to so many different ways of living, but I'm still finding my style. I hope I always am still finding my style. I hope I'm always inspired by things that I see. I hope everywhere I go makes me think of how to assemble a room or assemble a space in a different way. "I inherited a house fully furnished." Lucky you. "How does one include your own style without changing the core furniture?" I think if I inherited a house that was fully furnished, which has never happened, I would take a real inventory of each piece and I would start moving everything around. Maybe I would recover some of the upholstery if there was anything that like, I really didn't like a pattern of color. But you know, when I was younger, before I had my design firm, before I did anything, I loved moving my bedroom around. Or we would go to friend's houses and I would go for a play date, and the mom would come home and be like, "Why is my sofa in a different location?" So, I think when you have a fully furnished home that you've inherited, you've also inherited an opportunity to be really creative and pull out that chest of drawers that's in the bedroom and tried in the entry with a mirror hanging above it. Break up a set of night tables and use one as an occasional table next to the sofa. I love a deep inventory, that's why I have lots of warehouses all over the place. Thank you so much for all of the questions. It was really fun trying to answer everything truthfully and honestly. I hope I did that. Have fun on your design projects.

  Top Comments:
  1. @missmurry [2 likes]: Delicious.
  2. @MaidInCanada333 [2 likes]: My benchmark for whether or not a vintage piece is worth the price is how much I love it.
  3. @AnnSWh [1 likes]: Great practical advice. Thanks Nate.
  4. @PrincepsComitatus [1 likes]: 👍
  5. @ricca128 [1 likes]: I miss you both on TV when are you going back.
  6. @ChrisstinaMorgan [1 likes]: The most sensible and useful answers I have ever heard! Especially about trends! Gorgeous! 👏👏👏
  7. @AmarNahak-u8s [1 likes]: This video is unbelievably valuable!
  8. @johnny6667bitches: hahaha I knew by the whole video you must be virgo, cause we have the best taste :)
  9. @jaz499: Come do my brand new townhouse!
  10. @Peccbear: The whooshing SFX for ever transition is obnoxious.
  11. @MindMove92: A male interior designer without a LISP. What the heck is this? What are his qualifications?
  12. @blancaparra2696: Nate eres encantador y muy profesional.Guay. Estás mucho más guapo con el pelo corto, más largo y subido parece cardado,.no te favorece. ❤
  13. @McG-r6z: Never go with trends.
  14. @kathyorourke9273: The biggest problem is that the partner who has NO taste!👅
  15. @AmarNahak-u8s: I can’t believe how helpful this was, amazing job!
  16. @jonathanfgh1: Too much marble in a room tends to look like a Victorian public  convenience (True).
  17. @felicityluttah1310: Congratulations on hitting 1K subs.
Your house is goals🎉.
I'd love to win the curtains because they'd add texture, colour and warmth to my space . Making it Cozy ❤
  18. @LoveDogs333: Bravo commentary about trends! Also, applies to fashion. 😉
  19. @Cucumber-red: Pinterest vs YouTube. Pyramid age vs 21st century
  20. @ConaeMlomas: Great job, keep it up.

- How to Do “Before And After” Facebook Ads… Without Getting Your Ad Disapproved: Kind: captions Language: en here is the thing about this ad creative type it is incredibly effective however if you don't do it correctly you run the risk of your ad getting disapproved and even in extreme cases i've seen this ad type disable entire accounts what's up marketers today's video is going to be about one of the most effective types of creatives on facebook ads and tick tock ads and that is the before and after ad and essentially what this ad does is it shows the before and after impact of using your product or service however what is so difficult about this ad is that technically facebook says that you can't do it specifically they say that you cannot use before and after ads to show idealized results which is kind of vague right however in my experience i've seen this relate to mostly weight loss ads or even cosmetic procedure ads and there are a number of hacks that i like to use to get around this so i'm gonna go into these four strategies that you need to try to make sure that your before and after ads get approved by facebook and the first strategy is to show the progression of time so instead of showing a before and after image what i really liked about this everbody ad is that it showed somebody's skin at the age of 25 and then again at the age of 30. and what's really cool about this ad this is ugc image content super easy to get and to make and it's incredibly effective another ad that shows this progression of time strategy really well is this ad from hers and what's cool about this ad is that it shows the progression of someone's skin from before they started using the products to four weeks later so i actually think that something i'd like to play with a little bit more in regards to the strategy is using carousels to show this type of progression now another strategy that i like to use to get my before and after ads approved is instead of using the words before and after i actually like to use the words with and without and essentially what this is doing is it's showing the implied impact with your product or service and then what life is without your product or service and what i've found is that instead of using the phrase before and after which does tend to trigger sometimes these ad disapprovals by using with or without i'm able to get around or circumvent that flagging so these ads are much more likely to be approved and i think that's a pretty easy swap too so if you already have some before and after ads you can go ahead and make that swap with that language it's pretty simple the third strategy that i like to try out here is what i consider the implied without or the implied with so you're not directly calling out a with or without and this is actually really really similar to the us versus them ad which is again another strategy that i think works really well and communicates a lot of the same value props that this before and after ad is trying to demonstrate i think that this ad particularly by prose hair does a really good job of it but i will say it does make me a little nervous that they have before and after right below um and that's probably because they actually have a partner manager that they work with really closely at facebook so they're able to flag these creatives ahead of time and make sure they get through the system or if they do get disapproved then they're able to be reapproved pretty quickly um and i know many of you are working with smaller budgets you probably don't have a partner manager unless you're working at an agency and essentially what a partner manager is is someone who partners with really big brands or even agencies to help them manage and run their facebook ad accounts kind of like a facebook marketing expert but these people are actually a lot more helpful another implied with or without ad that i've seen a lot that i really like is this ad from the wild alaskan fish company and this is pretty much just like in us versus the mad so again if you are trying to test into this before and after strategy a little bit more try and think about a us versus then type of ad that you can use that is a little bit more broad so in this instance they have like a grocery store brand versus the wild alaskan company which i think is really effective also as a wild card for this implied without strategy or us versus them strategy which i'm just kind of lumping into one specific strategy i found this mademen ad i don't actually think it's an ad i think it's just a like organic post but i thought that something like this would actually be cool um as a before and after ad and really what it's showing is the implied impact of forgetting to bring your skincare which is kind of funny so i think something that could be kind of cool with this strategy is if you used a meme style ad to communicate that it could be something that's interesting and if your branding allows something like that is definitely something that i would test and the last strategy or hack that i want to talk about is something that i have been encouraging my team to test into a little bit more which is instagram stories polls now i think that this renovation company actually did this really well and it's asking if your home is the before or after again i think that this language does make me a little bit nervous but you could also do an implied with or without in us versus them or even a more explicit with or without or show the progression of time um and i think something like that could be really cool but i think that you know getting people to engage more with your ads especially on instagram stories is something that i really want to try testing into more and i think could really work across a wide array of brands and that's it now i know i went through several strategies here but i'd love to hear back from you guys to hear how before and after ads are working with you and if you're still getting a lot of those disapprovals i do find that especially when using before and after explicit language that my ads do tend to get flagged but again since we have a partner manager at thesis we are able to get those um reapproved but for those that don't have partner managers that is just a little bit more of an extra hurdle so i'm really eager to see you guys try these strategies so please when you go and create these ads send them to me i would like to actually start doing is reviewing more of your ads on these channels so that i can give you guys more direct feedback and everyone can benefit so if you're interested in that let me know in the comments below leave me some links to your facebook ads library or even a specific ad that you'd like me to review in the next video all right i will see you guys in a few days bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [6 likes]: Do you use before and after ads on your Facebook Ads? Which one of these strategies will you try first?
  2. @iskendersafak7842 [3 likes]: I once saw an account (hair transplant) putting the before photo of the model as a painting on the office wall 😆and the real model is smiling to the camera. Apparently it works!
On the other hand, while FB is disapproving my ads with even a little zoom-in, I see lots of violations every day. Even ads with "before" and "after" written on them, the same as your examples on the video. 
My phone's gallery is full of FB Ad violations. When I tell about it to my ad representative, she tells me it's all automated and she has no idea how they manage to get those approved. When I tell it to my client, he says, "how do the others do it"😺
  3. @EMOJI-CURIOSO [2 likes]: Hi, my name is Leandro, I'm from Brazil, thank you very much for the content, I apologize for the spelling mistakes I'm translating to write to you, I'm starting in this digital world and in Brazil there is almost no content that teaches these strategies so thank you very much.
I want to be able to sell through the affiliate market, but it's very difficult, if you can give me some tips I'll be very grateful, I don't know how to read in English, if you can I can translate using google.
Thank you again.
  4. @pavankhobragade: Does this strategy ( before and after) still works in 2026?
  5. @irenedonnell8410: How about with cosmetic surgery? I see some ads approved but I have had no luck.
  6. @ranstxx: mine are just rejected i even tried. How it begun and how its going
  7. @NomadMaverickHQ: Short question: Can I use a "Before & After" of people skin in my product page (not ads)?
  8. @drsabele8445: Thank you, Dara! Your videos are so amazing! Really, i'm a big fan. Today, i have a question... the images, when we put an image side by side, which means that from the image you can see that it is before and after, let's use the example of the weight loss niche, a fat woman next to a thin one. What Facebook blocks is not this specific image but the words around the image? I thought it was the image itself, because I already tried putting just the image without a caption and it blocked the ad. Can you give me an answer and help with this? Gratitude!
  9. @BulldawgLV: I really value your content; it has prepared my agency to launch ads for our first client. Could you please share your thoughts on showcasing before and after scenarios, like a veneer smile makeover case, without explicitly using "before" and "after" in the ads? Do you think this approach risks account suspension on Meta?
  10. @mrcommenter999: Thanks, these are super useful. Are they still working now in 2024?
  11. @michellemmathison: Great tips. Thank you
  12. @holosbody: Thanks Dara! Have you been able to get weight loss ads approved with carrousel ads, and your "with/without" strategy?
  13. @Fredy-vj8yq: thanks

:face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying:
  14. @jimmyjames72171: Just wondering why my wife’s ad was rejected .  The words before or after were never mentioned. Above the photos was a only description of her microblading services. I have no idea why it was actually rejected they just stated it violated there policy
  15. @valleymedicalweightloss: Hello Dara, I'm interested in learning about partner managers how do we about that. Thank you
  16. @neekznf: Very useful and insightful! Thank you!
  17. @AhsanAli-kh9sm: Absolutely best video, and really helpful. Thank you.
  18. @secondfallsurvivor: Do the same rules re 'before & after' apply to Instagram, given that IG is owned by the same company?
  19. @ccoolequideow: The irony of getting an ad for a publicity company on a video on how to make ads 🤯
  20. @jessbachman331: Very timely! as we just took on a client with a lot of before/after content.  We've find that images almost always get flagged, but videos are much looser.  Haven't yet to be flagged for video yet actually, even tho its very similar to the images/carousel.

- Create INSANE Before & After Facebook Ads in Canva (High Converting & Super Quick)!: Kind: captions Language: en about to show you exactly how to make a super good ad creative on a low budget. So yeah, you're not going to have to go to Fiverr. And yes, we're about to use Canva. I already typing in the search bar right there. So, uh yeah, we're going to create a ad creative for one of my clients that just came in and initially not the same client I showed in the last video, but a similar client that's doing similar work. Uh basically handyman work and things of that nature. He does flooring, painting, um you know, small construction, things like that. and he works with a lot of commercial companies. But in this case scenario, we already have his logo uh and things of that nature. He went ahead and sent that uh this morning. And we have I've created a couple ads for him, but not my not only did I just didn't like the ads, you know, I don't think he liked the ads as well. And so I told him to send me some ads of some before and after work. And he did. and I told him about my strategy of the before and after pictures and how well they convert. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to head over to Canva right now and what we're going to do is create a before and after ad because they convert like crazy on Facebook, especially for handyman work and things of that nature. So, first thing I'm going to do is I'm head over to Canva. I'm pull up a, you know, project I already created and I am just going to do this button right here that says make a copy and just duplicate that. So, we're going to make it super easy. Uh after we make that copy, we're going to go ahead and click on it. Just like that. And if you haven't made a copy, it's very easy. Just go to Google and type in before and after pictures and download these icons. If not, sign up for Canva Pro and they may have some inside there as well. So, this case scenario, it's not going to be on TME solutions. We're going to delete that out of there. And we're going to pull up the actual logo of the company we're working with today. So, I'm going to go to uploads, which is all his work right here. And it's going to be diamond point. So, I'm going to change this square right here to black. Keep it super simple. All right. Want to scratch that out. Stretch it out. Scratch it out. Stretch it out. Don't fault me for not having proper English. All right. Going to put that in there. Kind of line that up with the box there. And let's see here. Get that like that. Uhhuh. And what we're going to do here, I'mma delete these photos out of here. So, we're going to trash and we're going to trash this. Just like that. And what I'm going to do for these photos, so like the circle and the logo, I'mma actually group them. So, that's going to give us the ability to kind of like move this together so it's always center. All right. So, we're going to keep that grouped. And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to upload the new photos that he just sent me in a text message. So, let's come over here. I know you just sent sent them to me. All right. Where' they go, bro? Where where the photos go, bro? I just download the photos, bro. All right. So, let's see here. What's in here? There's nothing in there. Looks like I got to go download them again. All right. So, let's go over here to the messages. Private information you guys should not be seeing. All right, let's go over here to the messages conversation. Come on, load up and go over here to diamond point. You see how you see how janky this is right now? Let's see what we can find. Does it not allow me to search? All right, there it goes. And there we go. Save image and go to the other one. And save image. Uh, it's save. I just have to What is this? It's a different format or something. That's why I couldn't see it. So, this is what we're going to do. Shortcut this. So, let's come over here and I'm just going to screenshot that. So, I already got the images. That's the after photo. And because it's not saving as a JPEG or PNG or anything, if you want to just screenshot that. So, capture. There we go. Now, I'm going to come back over here. Upload images. Jeez, that was a lot of work, wasn't it? and screenshot both of them. Open them. And we're going to say before right here. We're going to stretch that out. I don't know what that is, but my phone is going off. Right. So, that's the before image. Kind of stretch that out right there. And I'm going to put in the after image. Stretch it out. Get a good stretch out. And we're going to send both of them to the back. So we're going to position to back and to the back just like that. And that's how we have our before and after photos for Diamond Point right there. Looks like I just got some more photos came in from from him just now. Literally. All right. So that's crazy. the high since we're working on this project. He's send us some more work. All right, but this is a before and after. Keep it simple. Um, straight keep it super simple, straight to the point. Don't have to over complicate the process, anything of that nature. I keep the logo. I would normally minimize the logo, but it since it's not a super loud logo and it has the phone number in there, I'm not going to like minimize it so much. But similar to like my Triple V client, um, Triple V Painting, he have a very loud logo. So, I always shrink it because it makes a lot of noise uh on an image. But this one is it's not too much noise it's making on an image. So, what I'll do now is download this. And let's check this out. So, it's not new there. Not new. Thought we had something new. And that's how we basically have a creative a before after creative for our client. Like keep it super simple. You don't have to over complicate the process, especially running when you're running ads. And a lot of clients, well, I say a lot of consumers love before and after work. So, they see the yard was a mess before and then now they see it's like with sod, you know, pavers and, you know, rocks, pellets, and stuff around it going up to the doorstep. So, it looks a little bit more clean and organized. So that right there by itself and alongside with the phone number being on the ad and diamond point as the contractor name logo on there is like a whole lot more trustworthy and I just like this little thing right here cuz it reminds me of like tape measure. So that's why I kind of put that in there. But other than that, that's our ad copy that we just created using Canva there. All right, hope you guys enjoy this video and create some amazing ads. And again, also, if you haven't signed up and you want to learn more about how to set up ad campaigns on Facebook ads and get converting ads, be sure to go to g7.com/meta. Sign up right here. Um, yeah, you can go ahead and come over here to this link right here. I'll leave a link in the description below. I'll leave a link in the description below. And initially, you come over here, click on publish my ad campaign, or you can watch these cool videos I already posted there. Uh, and you pay the pay the little fee there. or yeah, put in your card information and then you can sign up there. All right, hope you guys enjoy this video. I'll see you in the future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AsaPham-t9r [1 likes]: Loved every second of it.

- How to Make Viral UGC Ads With AI in Minutes Using Higgsfield AI: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the most powerful tool to create incredible videos like these for your business with just one tool and one prompt. For those people that still don't believe that AI video creation doesn't work for your business, by the end of this video, you are going to be a believer. The tool that I'm looking at is actually Higgsfield. Now, full disclosure, they are a sponsor, but there is no tool that is simpler and can deal with very complex products, and I'd be very, very shocked if anyone's business couldn't actually create really high-converting ads using this tool. The feature that I've just been blown away with is this marketing studio. All you need to do is come into the marketing studio, and you can see that there's a bunch of formats that it is promoting at the moment. So, there's the UGC virtual try-on, so we can create really high-converting UGC videos, but we can also create really, really fun hypermotion ads, and even TV-style ads as well. To do this, all we need to do is come up here, and we need to create a product. Now, recently, for my business that's done, you know, over 800 million dollars in sales, just launched loungewear. So, I can come to this loungewear product, and I can scroll down, and I can find a product that I want to promote. So, we can grab this Cloud Sherpa Jumper, and all I need to actually do is copy and paste this link, and then I click product, add the product, and click go. Now, you can see it's created this product automatically for me. I can simply now select this, and then I can come out, and now all I need to do is select the avatar that I want. So, I'm going to select Sophia. Now, all we need to do is select the format of ad. So, we can do a virtual try-on cuz this is a clothing brand. I do highly, highly recommend if you have a clothing brand, you need to be testing this feature because you'll be blown away compared to having to find models, shooting the content. This AI handles the clothing very, very well. Now, all we need to do is create a prompt to actually describe what we want. So, if you're really really confused about what type of ads that you actually want or will convert for your brand, what I recommend is you just go to any other AI tool and just say, "Create me a prompt for awesome UGC content for this type of product with this type of avatar. This is a couple of unique selling propositions." I'm going to be pasting this into Higgs Field to create a UGC video and it will give you a bunch of different awesome prompts that you can play around with. I just got her slowly running her hands down the sleeve, 360 turn, and then I just need to click generate. So, now what I'm also going to do while this one's loading is I'm just going to add another prompt, a really simple one, the model highlighting the comfortable jumper, showing the fit and sleeve and cuffs. >> [music] >> Because with these videos, sometimes you want different selling propositions for your product. Like, the cuffs is a selling proposition, the sherpa fleece. I'll get her reversing it as well and then we can stitch all of this together. So, now we've got the two videos. So, this one here. >> Okay, this is insanely soft. Look at that. >> And you can see she's showing the product, the weight of the product, the gravity of the product. They even picked up on the pants, which I didn't even give it, which is crazy. And you can see that the model is actually consistent with this one as well. Because that was a big issue with AI creatives before. First of all, it would always take a little bit of tinkering. It would be a little bit frustrating. It would get this thing wrong. This was the first video that I did with the first prompt that I showed you. It's absolutely incredible. Then I created this second video. >> Okay, cloud sherpa jumper try on, hard cuts. Wow, it's crazy soft and warm. Look at the cuffs. >> Honestly, that is an incredible video as well that we could definitely use. All we'd need to do is actually make it a little bit longer, which we could come into here, extend it to maybe 14 seconds, and you could definitely run that as an ad. The other thing that you might want to also do is just make sure that she is saying something specific. So, the model says, and then you give it the actual script that you could again create in another AI. Now, model consistency is really important with some of these ads because when someone sees the video and they're like, "I trust this person. This person is the same age as me. They look similar to me. They're saying that they have the same problem as me." You don't want it to suddenly go to a completely new model and then just be like, "Oh, they will stitch this all together." So, this avatar feature is really important. But, what if you want a specific avatar? What if you want to do some founder ads at scale? Founder hooks? That kind of stuff? You can actually create your own avatar. So, I'm just going to take a photo of myself. And then I'm going to give that to the computer. I'm going to click create avatar. And then I'm going to upload the photo. Upload it. Then I can just call it Davey and create the avatar. I can select the avatar. Then I'm going to just do a standard UGC video. And then I'm going to generate this. I might also try the UGC try-on considering that worked so well. And now you can see here it's created a video of me putting the jumper on. Now, you can see here my teeth are a little bit weird, but that's because the model photo that I have uploaded didn't actually have my teeth. So, it's tried to predict that. But, like realistically back here, it's pretty crazy how close this actually is to cloning me. Like, I can't tell the difference of me versus AI in that photo. So, what I'll do is I'll get another photo maybe where I'm smiling. This wasn't meant to be a flex. But, look, we will grab this one anyway and try that again. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to click create avatar, upload photo, call it Davey. Then I'm going to upload this photo of me. Click create avatar. Then I'm going to select this avatar. Then I'm just going to write, "The Davey model puts the jumper on and shows [music] how soft it is. No audio cuz it's not going to get my voice right." Then I'm just going to create another one for safekeeping. Now, you can see here it's created this video. It's actually got my smile a little bit better. You can see you're kind of doing the same face each time, but it still looks pretty accurate. I don't know what kind of room I'm in, >> but you can see here even close-ups. Not sure I would do that. It's a little bit AI like a little bit photo too perfect the lighting on that. So realistically, I think you could create 100% an amazing creative here. You just need to be careful of the reference image where you're creating the actual model itself. Now, one more feature that I want to show you and trust me, this is going to blow you away. Back when I started the video, one of the key things that I did was invested in really really high-quality almost TV campaigns. In fact, they were TV campaigns. We ran them on TV, but we also ran them on YouTube. Here's a little snippet of it. >> Silky chickens, fluffy bunnies, secret lederhosen. For decades, science has searched for the coziest element in the universe. And eureka, we've finally found it. >> Hi. >> This is Dr. Bobstein, PhD cosologist. This is her assistant. >> So you can see high production value, high amounts of creativity, and this cost I think it was like over $40,000 to produce. We can do this with AI. All you need to do is come to the marketing studio and you go new project. I'm going to select the product that I've created before. Then I'm going to change the format to a TV spot. I'm actually going to leave the avatar blank, and then I'm going to go a high-quality TV production that shows clouds turning into this product because there is white sherpa fleece underneath the product jumper, and we want to show someone trying it on and seeing how comfortable it is. Get creative highlighting the cloud features of it. And then I'm going to click generate. The product is called the cloud sherpa jumper. Use two different models. Make the model walking down the street. Now, while that's actually creating, I'm actually going to go to AI. Let's say you're not a creative person, and I'm going to get it to suggest a brief that I can actually prompt in here. Create me a TV production style video prompt to paste in there to highlight the Cloud Sherpa fleece product. Make it creative like the cloud is turning into the jumper or something like that. So, this has created this mega prompt for me. So, I'm going to copy and paste this and see how this goes as well. I'm actually going to select the avatar with this one. We'll go with Sophia again, and then I'm going to extend this duration, and I'm going to also make the aspect ratio 16 by 9. Then, I'm going to click generate. Now, you can see this video is actually already done. And you can see this is pretty cool. You would need to put some really good voice-overs on it, but that level of animation would have cost $10,000 before actually using an AI tool like this. The one thing I will say is that it hasn't caught the Sherpa fleece just as much as I would like it, and that's probably you can see here it's very, very dense. So, I actually wouldn't use anything that showed underneath that fabric because I don't think it's an accurate representation of your product, and you always need to make sure that that is clear for the customer's sake as well as the brand's sake. To make sure that it captured this, all you would need to do is put it within the prompt and just say, "Make sure the underneath fabric is soft white Sherpa fleece." and describe it a little bit more and really stress the importance within the prompt. So, then we can see this one. You can see that underneath is actually caught it this time. And it's really highlighting the Sherpa fleece, which is a pretty cool ad. So, once I add this Sherpa fleece prompt, you can see it's more accurate to the product, and I could definitely use this in an ad. So, then you can see that it's produced this. >> It's a little bit dramatic, but that's actually what we prompted in. So, it's created it pretty well. I will say that that is a slightly AI-created. What I would also do there to fix that is just be like, "Make sure the skin isn't perfect. Make sure there's natural blemishes." And that should [music] correct right up. What's crazy about this is this isn't the only feature in Higgsfield that I use. I did the AI drop shipping store where I launched a store and did over $15,000 in sales using predominantly Higgsfield to actually replace and put my product into AI-created images. And it made it really accurate. So, if you want to test it out, I do highly recommend it. There should be a link in the description for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @up16-ke-gujjar [2 likes]: Please make video on how to sell on Amazon merch
  2. @beedebawng2556 [2 likes]: What conversion rates have you gotten with it?
  3. @nlqga [2 likes]: higgsfield is great. but do it locally, with APIS and build ur own but its a bit of a mish
  4. @sundarrajan581 [1 likes]: Please make a video on how to get clients
  5. @savugeorge168: Why is Davie turns into a course seller? 🙃
  6. @luisaguilera8151: Hi! I'd like someone to be honest about my question. I'd like to know how many attempts it takes to generate a video with reference images using Seedance 2.0? Because I use other engines and out of 10 attempts (using a good prompt—not too simple, not too complex, but well-written since I use AI for the prompt), only 2 out of 10 attempts turn out well (if I'm lucky). If Seedance 2.0 can produce 5 or 6 correct videos out of 10 attempts, that would be perfect for me.
  7. @musslos8228: waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to expensive.
  8. @kratosotossot: Hi guys can we make videos for other languages im trying turkish and its not working, is it about higgsfield ?
  9. @DiaryofaLawyerPodcast: 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  10. @dolidas6580: I had bussies idea please 😊
  11. @НиколайМурашко-в3ж: I always saw myself as the responsible type. Paid bills early, worked hard, saved a bit every month. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I realized I was just a well behaved poor person following rules made to keep me there forever.
  12. @SumuHia: I just turned 2 years old and I plan to be financially free by age 9, this is so exciting!
  13. @MustafaMustafa-f4g9j: All the things about E-Commerce is I have
  14. @MustafaMustafa-f4g9j: I have payment gateway problem in Pakistan
  15. @navinnavin4860: Drop shipping business good or bad Idea sir

- Facebook Ads for Remodelers: Create Demand Before Competition: Kind: captions Language: en So, if Google Ads is a sprint to capture homeowners who need a contractor right now, Facebook Ads is the marathon that ensures you're the only contractor they want to hire when they finally pick up the phone. Most remodelers fail with Facebook because they treat it like a search engine. They run an ad that says, "Call for a quote." and get frustrated when the leads seem unqualified or not ready. But as we explored in our previous video, Google Ads versus Facebook ads for remodelers, compare Facebook's true power isn't in capturing demand, it's actually in creating it. And so when we talk about demand creation versus demand capture, there's a fundamental difference between these two platforms. And that difference is intent. Google Ads is the demand capture piece of the equation. You're answering a specific question. For example, who can fix my kitchen? Whereas Facebook ads is the demand creation side of the equation. You're inspiring a dream. You're exciting the imagination. You're reaching a homeowner who might be unhappy with their 1980s or 90s bathroom, but has not yet started the stressful process of looking for a contractor. So, by the time that homeowner moves to Google to search for a remodeler, they should already know your name, recognize your work, and trust your brand because they've seen your Facebook advertising for weeks, maybe months, maybe even years. And you need to remember the power of visual storytelling. Remodeling at its heart is a visual industry and Facebook is a visual platform which makes Facebook ads for a contractor one of the most coste effective ways for you to build a digital portfolio in front of your local community. To build trust, your ads should focus on, first of all, the reveal moment. Before and after photos are the gold standard because they provide instant proof of transformation that stops the scrolling. They should also document the process. So, use short video clips of your team on site. Showing clean job sites and professional craftsmanship is going to humanize your brand. And it's going to lower the stranger danger fears that a homeowner feels about hiring a And then client stories. A photo of a smiling family in their new kitchen with a brief quote about their experience is 10 times more persuasive than a list of your certifications and accomplishments. And if you can turn that photo of a smiling family in their kitchen into a video of them talking about their new kitchen, that's a hundred times more powerful. Why Facebook leads feel early. You know, one of the most common complaints contractors often express is Facebook leads are just tire kickers. They're too early in the process. Well, in reality, Facebook leads are just early in the buying cycle. So, that's true. Now, while a Google lead might want a start date next week, a Facebook lead might be 6 months to a year, maybe even 18 months away from pulling the trigger. So, this is actually a strategic advantage for you as a contractor. It's not a flaw. You just have to think strategically. You've got to be thinking about your sales strategy. When you capture a lead early, you now have the opportunity to nurture them with email, with retargeting ads, and with helpful content. By the time they're ready to buy, you aren't one of three quotes. You're the trusted expert they've been following and listening to for months. So, how do you navigate this long sales cycle? Because remodeling projects represent a significant financial and emotional investment, the sales cycle is naturally long and Facebook allows you to stay top of mind throughout that entire journey. Number one, through awareness. They see a beautiful kitchen transformation and they realize their own kitchen could be a whole lot better. And then there's the consideration phase. They see a video of you explaining how to choose the right countertops. And then there's the trust phase. They see a testimonial from a neighbor in their specific community. And finally, there's the action phase. they finally click the learn more button because now the timing is right. So the bottom line is this. If you're only using Google, you're fighting over this small pool of ready to hire homeowners as every other contractor in your town. But when you use Facebook ads as a remodeler to build trust upstream, you're actually creating a proprietary audience of homeowners who are pre-sold on your company before they even check out your competitors. So you have to remember Facebook is going to build your brand. Google is going to harvest the intent. When you use them together, what you're doing is you are creating a predictable lead system. So, if we can help you develop your marketing strategy to become the dominant remodeling contractor in your location, give us a call at remodeling marketing team. We'd love to visit with you. You can schedule your strategy session by calling us 888-350-7859 or you can schedule online at remodelingmarketingteam.com started. I look forward to talking with you on our next episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @remodelingmarketingteam5627: Remodeling contractors: If you'd like us to review your marketing and show you how to generate more leads, you can schedule a free Remodeling Marketing Growth Audit here: https://remodelingmarketingteam.com/get-started

- Great Ideas | Spec Ad | Post-it (2020): Kind: captions Language: en this could be the story of a few people who sit alone in a room chasing their big idea an idea so huge it becomes almost impossible to manage they are ready to suffer to make sacrifices to undergo great stress and at some point they might ask success who is that even for and then they might give up but this story isn't about them it's about big ideas that start as something small a job to do a task to complete a meaning a mission a passion a spark that is inside all of us [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @issrabataineh6940 [2 likes]: where can i find the sound effects used ??????
  2. @DoniyorbekUzoqbouev [1 likes]: What is the name of the music used in the background?
  3. @DuckGold-c2e [1 likes]: Licitacion name
  4. @javieleetoo2213: 0:45 did the 🪳 get pay for its acting tho 😂
  5. @leelora209: WOW 미쳤다
  6. @RamyyaKannan: oh my.
  7. @DuckGold-c2e: Under movies
  8. @WHITETOGREEN: I like this background music
  9. @v-22: I remember an old ad that beats this one. It was the most beautiful and evil ad I've ever seen. It twas for one of these awful chemical companies.
  10. @HitenSanghani: Your energy is contagious.
  11. @CohbyHewe: You’re really good at this.
  12. @norumor: this is insanely good omg
  13. @MuhammedAjmal-j5l: This was better than Netflix today.
  14. @HitenSanghani: I could watch this all day.
  15. @Filmtrend23: Whats is da name of music ????
  16. @CarmenMcCarthdy: Such an interesting perspective.
  17. @JacobVanog: I admire your creativity.
  18. @itdyovitdkyc: Love how authentic this feels.
  19. @ELOus_sama: I'm beginner voiceover,
Can i repost the video with my own voice?
  20. @KadirErtuğ-l1t: En büyük pişmanlığım daha erken başlamamak oldu. Zaman kaybetmişim. Şimdi konuşuyorum, utanmadan, sıkılmadan.

- Every product carbon neutral by 2030 | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en Apple has a plan and a promise to make Apple carbon neutral. Wait, no. We've already done that. To make every single Apple product carbon neutral by 2030, even yours. We're working to make every iPhone, iPad, Watch, and Mac with 100 percent recycled or renewable materials. We're finding new ways to extract aluminum, steel, tin, tungsten, and plastic from recycled Apple products. We're growing enough trees and recycling enough paper to sustain all our packaging, but we can do much more. It's not just what goes into our products, it's also how they're made. Hundreds of manufacturers, distributors, testers, assemblers, dis-assembles, and material-makers all upgrading to 100 percent renewable energy. A lot of them are even going zero-waste, but it's still not enough. Manufacturing is just a part of it. What about all of you? This is a big one. Apple devices are all over the world, and by 2030, all of the electricity charging all of your devices will be 100 percent renewable. So you're a part of this, too, because Apple is going carbon neutral. No, everything Apple is going carbon neutral. Apple has a plan.

- Lehem Interiors | Interior Design Firm | Nairobi Kenya | AD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariammwanasitiali [3 likes]: Really good work👏👏👏
The edits are beyond amazing!!!
  2. @mindyjons2523 [3 likes]: Out of this worlddd
  3. @maemuroki966 [3 likes]: Amazing, would love to work with you on projects.
  4. @MichaelTule-w2m [2 likes]: Your everywhere
  5. @griswoldkopperud1208 [2 likes]: 🄿🅁🄾🄼🄾🅂🄼 🌈
  6. @ben-fi8nq [2 likes]: Love this designs, is this in Kenya? Wonderful
  7. @timaali5345 [2 likes]: Beautiful!
  8. @fa5233 [2 likes]: Best design company in Nairobi. I love your work. Exquisite!
  9. @omdhadwe9391 [1 likes]: Where from you get this song which you have used in video
  10. @PatrickMaina-ro1hn [1 likes]: Do you have a teaching institution or what
  11. @boyqobiloff [1 likes]: Hi, what color did you use in the video?

- How to use Nano Banana for AI Advertising (FREE Workflow): Kind: captions Language: en Who are you kidding? You don't have the budget for an ad like this. Your small business can't afford something this premium. At least that's what I would have told you before AI. We're witnessing a creative revolution and the power really is in your hands. All you need to know is which tools are best and how to use them. With that, you can put together an entire ad campaign for any business you can imagine. All of this without breaking the bank, but still having full creative control. I'm Jack. I've been a VFX artist in the advertising industry for over a decade now, and I've worked for many of the biggest brands on the planet. Today, I'll be combining my knowledge of the best AI tools with my background in advertising to teach you how to create dynamic ads for your business. All of this at a fraction of the cost when compared to traditional production methods, and I'll even throw in some tools that are completely free to use as well. Whether you're brand new to AI or a confident creator, I'm going to hand over all of my knowledge to put you in the driving seat. And of course, guys, if you do enjoy today's content, make sure to whack a like on there for me, consider subscribing, and of course, ring that bell notification icon. We've also just launched memberships on the channel, guys. There are two different tiers that you're able to pay for if you'd like to have another way to support me. You get access to all kinds of great perks, but probably the best in my opinion is to join my private Discord channel where we talk all things Creative AI. We'd love to see as many of you guys over there as possible. And without further ado, let's get straight into the video. So, for starters, I needed to come up with an idea for a business that I'm going to market. Now, I'm originally from a very small town down in southern England. There's not a lot going on there at all, but one of my favorite things and something I really do miss is their local bakery. This bakery has been around forever now. It's a very small familyrun independent bakery. And that was kind of my jumping off point. I didn't really want to base this whole video around some really extravagant or expensive idea like a multi-million dollar tech startup company or something like that. Let's keep it relatable. So, this bakery from my hometown, it sells all sorts of amazing things, but my favorite item on their shelves was their cheese straws. These amazing delicious cheesy puff pastries that were just I couldn't get enough of them. When I think of comfort food, cheese straws from that specific bakery is the first thing that pops into my head. So, I thought it'd be cool to take that concept and I would set up my own independent bakery that only sells cheese straws. And we're kind of going off the same business model as Supernova Burger. If you guys don't know, this is a viral burger joint which is in Soho. And they're very well known for just having a very small menu. Literally just like a few burgers, chips, couple of milkshakes, that's it. But because their menu is so small, the quality of the items that you get are really high. And of course, when the customer goes there, they know exactly what they're going to get. And it's that same business model that we're applying to our cheese straw bakery. This idea of simplicity in design and the menu resulting in a premium product. And of course, if it ended up going viral on social media, that's just a bonus, right? So, with that, we started to piece together our brand. We know it's going to be a small hipster style bakery that sells premium cheese straws. It follows the same business model as Supernova. There's going to be three cheese straw types. A normal one, which is called the purest, veggie, which is called the veggie, and a meaty one called the butcher. We're also going to serve three dips. So, whenever you buy cheese straws, you're going to get a choice of one dip to go with them. You're going to have caramelized onion chutney, garlic and herbioli, and spicy tomato relish. And of course, to keep those hipsters happy, we're going to have to sell some craft coffee, which is roasted in small batches as well. So you can see we've got a definite vibe going on here, right? We're thinking of our audience and we're seeing how our brand is going to factor into every kind of facet of the business. And one of the most important parts of coming up with a brand is the name. And I threw all sorts of ideas around, but eventually I landed on Puff. It's really simple. It feels kind of hipster with the full stop at the end. It's quite memorable. It's a little bit kind of strange, so it might stick in your mind. And of course, it's relevant to the product because you make these cheese straws using puff pastry. So, the next step was to go ahead and design our logo. So, for this, I just used Canva. You can see over here what I got up to. This is my general process I always use whenever I'm trying to come up with a brand. We'd already decided on the name, obviously, so I just typed out Puff lots of times and used up lots of different fonts that I liked. And essentially what we do is just slowly whittle them down by deleting the ones that we don't like as much. So the last two options were these two here. I really liked both of them. It was a hard decision, but I settled for this. I felt this was very clean and premium. And of course, we've gone for this very simple color palette of this pastel pink in the background and white. So the text is nice and legible. And you might be thinking, if it's cheese straws, why did you not go for yellow? I just felt it was a little bit obvious and we're trying to do things to make our business stand out and maybe feel a little bit irregular. Anything that can make your brand feel a bit more memorable is worth doing in my book. And I don't know, I just liked these two colors together. It just feels right to me. Canva itself is a really great free resource. There are paid versions of it, but I just use it for free and I use it all of the time. It has got less tools than Photoshop. you can't really do advanced compositing to my knowledge. But when it comes to things like this, which is kind of simple graphic design, I think Canva really shines. You can see as well that I started to put together a whole load of references to kind of inspire me like a shop exterior here. We also have the inside of a very rustic bakery. Star of the show, the cheese straw itself. I mean, there's loads of different ways to make these. Lots of different flavors as we've touched on. And I just think it's really handy to get together lots of different images just to lead you down a certain path. So of course things are really starting to come together now. We've got a very strong concept for our bakery. We've got the logo here as well with the color scheme. And now it's time to think about how we can use AI to really create a very premium feeling ad. So really here we're talking about AI film making. And as I always say, all of the best AI videos stem from a single starting frame. An AI image, which does a really good job of capturing a certain character or style. These first steps that we're going to take are really, really important for laying the groundwork, the foundation of everything else that's going to branch off from them. So, at this stage, we're starting to think of some key visuals for our brand. And these can be both used for print campaigns, so just normal images, as well as moving images, which we can put together to form our advert or commercial if you're American. We need to think about what shots we need to tell a story. Now, if you've got an existing business, you can again kind of skip this step and just go ahead and take your own photos really. If you've already got a shop and you've already got a product, you don't necessarily need to use AI at this point. Although you'll see that you can take those existing images and feed them into my process very shortly. So just because you've already got existing assets for your business doesn't mean that AI can't help you to use them in a variety of different ways. And you'll see that very shortly. So one of the first shots I knew that we needed was an exterior shot of the bakery itself. And I found this image here of Fortitude Bake House that I really liked and wanted to use as some inspiration. So I fed that into chat GPT and I said, "I want you to write me a midjourney prompt to recreate this image." Remove the signage from the window and change the blue color to a soft pink. Also expand a little to show more of the street it's on. Think a trendy area of London like Shortitch. Keep the pink shop as the focal point and central in frame. and make sure my prompt finishes with photoreal, ultradetailed textures, cinematic composition, harsh shadows, analog photography. And I really love using an LLM like chat GPT, Grock, or Gemini for this use case cuz I can struggle to describe even quite a basic image. But this for me is where a tool like chat GPT really shines cuz it just instantly gives you this prompt. I think I went ahead and made just a couple of light tweaks to this, but of course we took it over to Midjourney, my personal favorite AI image generator. Now, originally I did use the Fortitude Bake House, dropping that in as a style reference, but unfortunately it kind of screwed up my prompt and we lost the pink. In a way, this really does show you how great Chat GPT is at writing prompts because I did away with the style reference. Just whacked the text prompt right into MidJourney and we got back some amazing results. All of these are great in different ways to be honest with you. I really liked a lot of them. Did a really great job of creating these images for me, but I believe we ended up going with this one here. I kind of liked how it wasn't perfect. I think with AI images and videos, you want to try and find that human element or just like the imperfection in even like objects and settings just to try and sell the realism that little bit more. And as we proceed up here, I knew as well a very key visual was going to be the product itself. So I ended up wanting to use Midjourney to create myself some cheese straws. Again, we're really laying into that pastel pink theme. Obviously, the shop itself is pastel pink. And then all of these shots of the product, I wanted them to be pastel pink as well. We're wrapping the cheese straws in this pastel pink paper. And you can see sometimes trial and error. You guys know what AI is like. We've got some sort of cheesy for catcher here, which does look delicious, but it's not a cheese straw. Quite a few of the generations I got back were just not right. A lot of them sort of look more like cheesy quason to be honest with you. However, this one here looked really, really great. So, we went ahead and downloaded this. Love the way that MidJourney even made this woman's nails pink. Very consistent theme going on we got here. And one of the great things about AI is being able to put yourself into any scene you really can imagine. So, of course, I wanted to have a bit of fun and put me in this ad and also within the setting of the bakery. So, I went ahead and made a few different variations of portraits. Again, obviously with me up against this pastel pink background. If you guys want to know how to recreate yourself accurately using tools like MidJourney or any AI image generator really, you can go ahead and check out the video on the screen right now. There's a lot more detail there if you really want to dive into it, but it's really all to do with using your prompt and also making sure to upload a good highquality selfie and then putting that into the omni reference section of midjourney. And I set my omni reference strength to about 125. One here of me eating the cheese straw. Not sure if that's going to make it in the final ad. We will see. Now, MidJourney is a paid tool, but personally, I think it is well worth it. You can do the cheapest plan, I think, for something like $10 a month. And the results you get from this thing are incredible in my book. But I'm always looking for ways to do things on a budget because I'm aware a lot of you guys might not have an awful lot of money to be thrown around, especially if you're trying to start up a business from the ground up. So really, these starting images that we have technically paid for from midjourney, we're going to kind of cut that off now and we're going to go down a free route. You take these and repurpose them. And of course to do this we're going to be using Nano Banana which is an amazing AI image generator that's just been released by Google. So you can see here I put in my image that we created with Midjourney of the exterior of my Puff Bakery. And I said to Nano Banana, "Show me the interior of this bakery. A wide angle view of a stylish bakery interior with a clean, modern design. White tiled walls and wooden tables filled with fresh cheese straws. Vibrant potted plants and hanging plants bring life and greenery into the space, adding a touch of shortorditch charm. A minimal pastel pink menu is displayed on the tiled wall above the counter. Simple and elegant. Staff in pastel pink aprons work behind the counter while customers move through the space motion blurred and dynamic adding energy without distracting from the design. The wide-angle perspective captures the openness and depth of the bakery emphasizing its artistic modern and inviting atmosphere. And of course I always put this bit on the end here about photore ultradetailed textures cinematic composition harsh shadows analog photography. So, this would have been an output from chat GPT as well. You could just tell that this was written by an LLM, but I just went in and made a few tweaks as I always do. And I want you to just keep in mind, we have just thrown this image here at Nano Banana. And what we get back is this. It feels consistent and it feels realistic as well. I'm not actually sure if we ended up using this image, but it's a really great example of how you can use Nano Banana. And if we scroll down a little bit more, you can see that I said, "Show me a closeup of a well manicured man's hand holding a plain pastel pink takeaway coffee cup that matches the aesthetic of the shop exterior. Make it feel stylish and premium." And what we get back is this. The soft focus background is literally our starting image. Like how insane is that? Now right here I am using Nano Banana through LM Arena. If you want to access it in this way, you literally just type into Google LMA. And this is how I usually tend to use Nano Banana just because you get your outputs without the little Gemini logo in the bottom right hand corner and it can be a little bit annoying to remove them. Of course, we don't want any watermarks on our images if we're then going to go on to animate them, right? But I do want to show you why you might want to use Nano Banana directly through Gemini as well. So, here I am accessing Gemini for free through my web browser. And the great thing about using it this way, yes, you're going to get your watermark, but you can combine more than one image. So, first I put in my logo which we designed with Canva and then I put in the image that we just generated with Nano Banana through LM arena of the coffee cup and we can say put the logo that reads puff on the coffee cup and just look at the result that we get back. You'll notice however that it's given us back a one by one aspect ratio and this is a question I get a lot in my comments. Why is Nano Banana giving me back square images? Essentially, the aspect ratio of the image you input into Nano Banana is what you're going to get back. But if you're using multiple images, the last image you input is what aspect ratio you're going to get back. So the order essentially that you upload your images matters. If you look at our logo, it's 1x one, right? But if you look at our shot of the coffee cup, it's 16 by9. So, we want to put in our logo first and then our 16x9 image. And because we're putting in the horizontal image last, that is what we're going to get back from Nano Banana. And you can see it does a really great job of comping on the shadows, the logo, everything just looks great. Before you would have had to like go into Photoshop and mess around with blending modes and all of that stuff, do a little bit of masking to even bring the thumb back over the top. But don't worry about it. Nano Banana will sort all of that for you. You can see as well here that I put in a different shot of the interior, which I really liked. But I did kind of think, why would the cheese straws be on these tables? So once again, you can feed that into Nano Banana and say, "Make the tables clear and put the cheese straws on the counter behind a pane of glass." And what we get back is this. We are really starting to construct our business from the ground up with AI. Insane. Another great example here. We're back on Ella Marina. I tend to switch between the two ways to access Nano Banana, which I prefer. You can access it through all sorts of paid subscriptions as well. or I think Freepick and Higsfield, loads of different sites do it, but these ways you can access the tool for free. So, I put in this image of our interior and I gave it the prompt, a bakery worker with his back to the camera arranging shelves stacked full of freshly baked cheese straws, golden brown with crisp. The shelves are wooden and the walls are white tile. The worker is seen from behind midaction reaching up to place a cheese straw on the shelf wearing a casual pastel pink long-sleeved t-shirt. The scene is warm, artisal, and authentic with a vibrant atmosphere that captures the charm of a busy urban bakery. Now, I didn't even clock this until now, but we asked for a man. What we got was a woman. However, this generation is so good. And again, we can take this over to Gemini, put our logo in first, our one by one image, then put in this shot of the woman arranging the shelves, and ask it to put the logo on the back of her shirt. And we get this back. Let me open it up for you again so you can see in detail. So, essentially, we're using Nano Banana almost like a worldbuing tool. We started off with these key visuals and we're continually branching off away from that, creating more and more different shots. We're building out our brand and we're establishing the physical space as well. And some more amazing examples here. So, I put in the portrait of myself that I made with MidJourney, and I put in my exterior shot that we also made with Midjourney, and I said midshot of the bearded man leaning up against the outside of the shop, arms folded, looking confidently at the camera. And what we got back was this. Now, I'm not really leaning up against the shop, but still, look how convincing that is. Another great example as well. We've put in the interior of the bakery and put in the portrait of me. And we said to Nano Banana, "Shot of the bearded man. He's wearing a pastel pink apron and stood behind the counter smiling at a trendy customer and handing them a cheese straw wrapped in pastel pink paper bag." And what we got back was this shot as well. Now, once again, I'm not behind the counter like I asked, but this still functions as a really great shot that we can use within our advert. You can see here as well back on Ella Marina also still using Nano Banana. Put in the exterior shot and I've said low angle show a trendy man walking around the shop with his back to the camera. We can see him carrying a freshly baked cheese straw wrapped in a plain pastel pink carrier bag. We got back this. Eventually, I did a few different reworks of this cuz the results were a bit strange. I wanted him to just remove the cheese straws in the end from the equation, and we got back this really nice shot as well. You can see your imagination really is the limit. Let's go ahead and just do a quick example together. Now guys, so I'm just going to drop in the image that we made of the bakery interior and I'm going to say, "Show me an attractive female staff member making a fresh coffee with an expensive coffee machine for a customer. She is wearing a pastel pink apron and the coffee is in a pastel pink takeaway cup. Let's send that off and see what we get back. You can see we got a little error there which is a little bit annoying. So, let's just go ahead and make a new chat. That can really help you out sometimes if you're getting some weird errors. So, we'll just drop our image back in and rewrite our prompt. All right. And let's hit return on this one and see what we get back. I definitely do find that Nano Banana can be a little bit buggy. So, that's a nice little hack of just starting a new chat. Whether you're using it through LM Marina or Gemini, sometimes it just gets a little confused and you need to just set the record straight. And again, just look at this. Look at how good this is. It's got a little confused about the geography of the space, I would say, but it looks consistent in terms of style, right? And of course, how is Nano Banana to know about the layout of our imaginary bakery? Let's just hit rerun again and see what we get on a second attempt. Yeah. So, here we go. I like this a lot more. It still feels consistent with our style and our physical space. We've got our nice pastel pink menu over here on the left hand side. slightly different coffee cup to what we had earlier, but you could imagine that maybe because it's a larger coffee than that first shot, maybe it's a slightly different type of coffee cup. So, it's really not the end of the world. But everything else here looks great to me. So, we can just go ahead and get that downloaded for completely free. Once you've got your key visuals, whether you created them with AI or whether you took images yourself with your phone or a proper DSLR camera, you can use a tool like Nano Banana to essentially flesh out your brand or flesh out the kind of storytelling or world that you're building. Your imagination really is the limit with a tool like this. I really do mean that. As long as you're putting in clear prompts, you're going to get back some insane results here that don't just look cool, they'll actually be functional in a real advert. And after messing around for a while, we get back some really great images which serve as our key visuals for our campaign. Always thinking about what shots we might need to tell our story. And another great example here, we have the cheese straws that Midjourney created for us. I would have fed this into Nano Banana and asked to see the cheese straw being torn apart. And this is what we got back. Crazy. So, at this point, we've got all of these different still frame images. We've got our logo. We've essentially built up our stills or print campaign. But now that we have those starting frames, we can go ahead and start looking at animating them. Of course, this is what's really going to start to bring our projects to life. And as always, I'm going to show you the free tool that I often use to animate my AI videos. Before we get into that, guys, if you are enjoying today's content, make sure to whack a like on there for me, consider subscribing if you're new, and of course, ring that bell notification icon. So, if we head over to Flex Clip, the guys over there were very kind enough to give me a bunch of credits to check out their platform, and it's pretty handy because it has image to video, text to video, and I believe we've also got image generators here as well. The cool thing about Flex Clip is if you go up here to model, you can actually pick from Cling, and you can pick from Hilu as well. So, you've got a fair few different options built into the tool already. But you can see here from my history, if we put in the image of the cheese straw being torn apart, which I think I just showed you guys, my prompt was slow dolly camera move forward as the hands pull apart the cheese straw. Steam rising, cheese oozing, soft puff pastry tumbling out of frame ASMR style. And this is what we got back. And it looks insanely real. The way that cheese behaves, the way the steam moves. Yeah. Wow. You can see here as well the model used was Cling, which is one of my favorite AI video generation models, I have to say. So, as I'm sure you guys can tell, the process at this stage is just continually run through and animate our AI images using a variety of different video generators. This is the one that I just showed you guys over from Flex Clip. Another great one here of me stood outside the shop. Super realistic movement and everything. Love it. and we are just continually building up our world. Quite a cool helpful way to think about it as as if you are a filmmaker trying to make a documentary. So, you're just capturing all these different shots on the fly and you're thinking in your head, what do I need to give my editor to be able to construct a story? That's essentially what we're doing here with AI. let's just put together as many different videos as we can to build up this brand and then it's up to the editor, which happens to also be us, uh, to piece these blocks together and to build out a story and a brand. Now, of course, I promised you guys I would show you a free way to animate your AI images as well. If you're a fan of my videos, you've been watching me for a little while now, I'm going to be like a broken record, but you guys know how much I love LM Arena, particularly using the Discord. So, I'm going to put a link to LM Marina's Discord down below in the comments section because it is an amazing free tool. So, annoyingly, it turns out currently Marina is actually down, but it's super simple to use. This is the first time I've actually seen it down. I've been using it for months now. All you do is you input one of your AI images. So, we've got a whole bunch of those, of course, that we can use here. For instance, we could drop in this image of our staff member who's filling out the shelves. You just drop in your text prompt and you are going to get back a AI video from some of the best models out there. Now, is a lucky dip. It basically gives you back two different generations from random models. So, you'll get back some good results. You'll also get back some pretty rubbish results as well. But if I go ahead and show you this really nice shot here of the coffee cup came directly from Ella Marina as you're going to see in a second with the little plug at the end of the outputs you'll receive from the Discord. If you do want to use this for your content creation or the advert that you're piecing together, you can just cut this end card off using some editing. Drop it into Premiere Pro, Da Vinci Resolve, Cap Cut, anything like that and just chop the end off. Simple as that. annoying that I can't show you guys right now how I would do that properly, but usually the Elearina, Discord, the video arenas, they work really, really well. Uh, but just at the minute, they seem to be bugged. I'm sure they'll fix it very quickly and then you guys will be able to maybe even after you've watched this video, it's been fixed. Go ahead and create some AI videos for free. So guys, I really do hope that this video has helped you out. If you're a small business owner and you wanted to know how you can use AI to build up an entire advert for yourself, we've covered a whole range of tools and tips and tricks. As always, if you do have any questions at all, be sure to put them down below in the comment section. I'll do my absolute best to reply to as many as I possibly can. Remember, of course, that we have just launched memberships on this channel as well. So, if you would like another way to support me, you're very welcome to get involved with that. Like I said, you'll get access to our private Discord server where we can share all sorts of amazing ideas about how to use AI for creative means. Thank you so much as always for watching people. If you want to see more of my content and you're new, make sure to whack a like on there for me. Consider subscribing and of course ring that bell notification icon so that you never miss any future content. Have a great day, guys. Catch you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThingsThatActuallyWork_65: you didn't put the video up on the screen
  2. @JessieHealy: I'm hungry now
  3. @desmondchonte3927: Great staf very helpfull, liked it
  4. @dk.scholar4506: Nothing free in this video
  5. @JoklasMiksad: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  6. @johngreco7456: Great work. I had fun learning . . .  which is rare.
  7. @KrishnaSingh-kv8dd: What about the commercial use? What if we are working for a foreign client?
  8. @twotonehoodie: Thank you.
  9. @Coroquedavarre: I dont see the discord link
  10. @anmolmahajan1231: How to get access to your discord?
  11. @usmanwaseem9036: How to remove the watermark made by Gemini?
  12. @usmanwaseem9036: Need a midjourney alternative brother.
  13. @EdwardKolody: Ciekawie wyjaśniony temat, wszystko jasno opisane.
  14. @unseriousbird: I'm not seeing nano banana as an option on LMArena anymore??
  15. @Kennexai: Great video, thanks
  16. @NozimMuzafarov-k7g: nice
  17. @JessicaSmith-d1s: Can’t you do all those image edits with mid journey? Or it’s only nano banana can do this?
  18. @AlexOnWealth: great content
  19. @TheSec2ndHalf: Brilliant Video. thanks for sharing
  20. @jimarg9300: What a jackass move. Promises free AI tools, then claims everything’s “down” instead of just waiting until it’s back up to post the video.

- My Valuable Business (MVB) Client Testimonial | Euna Aesthetics: Kind: captions Language: en Overall, our experience has been phenomenal. I've always been very confident and comfortable treating patients. Finding that balance between seeing patients and then also running my business was a really big challenge for me. Patient care would typically take up the majority of my day and what I was left with was working late or trying to accomplish operational tasks in between patient appointments, which was just not a sustainable work model. MBB really gave me the confidence to streamline my workflows, delegate tasks without compromising my confidence in patient care. I'm now able to spend more of my time intentionally shaping future strategy for my business, leading our team, and focusing more on sustainable growth rather than constantly running minuteto minute throughout my day. All of our employees have KPIs. Everyone from the front desk down to our providers. Having that clarity transformed our team efficiency um and allowed myself and my partner to focus on leadership autonomy rather than micromanaging our team. Year or two that we've been working with HR and they've been really helpful when it comes down to new hires. There was a point in time when we were deciding whether or not to let somebody go. They gave us an actual script to follow. Working with the financial experts have been a game changer for us. They really helped us understand the numbers in a much deeper way. Um, optimize cash flow, identify opportunities to reinvest very strategically. Um, it goes well beyond bookkeeping. It is actionable insight. It it truly drives our growth and profitability. Um, they help give us ideas as far as when we have things at the end of the year maybe left over, what do we do with it? They're able to help us make very predictable moves with our money, which which has really been helpful in with our growth. With MBB, you get peace of mind. You get trusting support. You get real-time feedback. They've helped me think bigger, act smarter, and leave with more confidence. Um, I mean, truly, no matter what day or time, I feel like I can reach out to them with a question, and it's responded to very quickly, um, with intention and care. and I feel like they always have an answer. You know, we're supposed to be the bosses. We're supposed to know everything and sometimes you just don't. And I do feel like MVB always does. So, I can't imagine running any type of business without them. Today, our business is ran much more efficiently. It's more organized. It's scalable. Um, our team has very clearly defined roles. Our work processes are streamlined from the front desk down to the providers. Um, and it's given me and my partner bandwidth to focus on more growth initiatives. Uh, we're truly operating more on intention rather than reaction going back to the beginning when we were just doing things in between patients. Um, we're no longer doing that. We're making the most of our time as providers and as owners and operators. So I think it shows both in team morale and with our patient experience and our results. From the beginning as a small business owner, the investment that you make into a business like this can be intimidating and um I feel like it is beyond worth it to take the risk and use these services because they are well worth it. Um, so I I think that's important for people to consider when they're opening and they only have a certain amount of funds, like what to do with them. Is this really worth it? And I would say with 100% confidence that it is.

- Student Testimonial - Varnika Chauhan: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is vernika and I'm from goodgo I did my btech from school of computer science my journey in UPS is no less than a roller coaster ride but once I got to know about the faculties I got to know about the different events the student chapters it became a part of my life I started enjoying going to college the university helped me to understand the complete procedure of placement how we can groom ourself for the coming companies and how we can work according to what the company requires during the pandemic as well when other universities were figuring out what has to be done our University already had a plan they started conducting their final online exams especially for students who were in their last years

  Top Comments:
  1. @Divyang07 [1 likes]: Hehe majedar

- Danielle's Testimonial | My KB Home Experience: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Danielle Robinson and I just bought my home this last year at Star Ranch in huto and I love it I've been in my new home for a little over a year and this home has been great because it signifies um a new start for me having this new start means more to me than than I could even express I came by my new home like every few days I I would bring my dog and we would go sit you know sit on the grass and and go just check out what the progress was the design studio was like Christmas I loved it it was so much fun I really enjoyed working with the people there at the studio I really wanted a light and bright theme and so they really helped me to find that light and bright theme with the certain colors that I was looking for I love my energy efficient air conditioner and all of the appliances have been great but with the air conditioner in particular I can set it from my phone and just have a weekly schedule that really works for me I'm very proud I'm very very proud of my house and you know I think there's a difference between a house and a home and and and I'm making it a home

- 7 CREATIVE GIMBAL MOVES - Epic SHOT IDEAS for CINEMATIC VIDEO - DJI RS3 - Camera Movement: Kind: captions Language: en in this tutorial i'm going to share seven creative&nbsp; gimbal moves epic shot ideas for cinematic video&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm not just going to show you how to do it i'm&nbsp; going to tell you why and when what lenses to&nbsp;&nbsp; use and what your gimbal setting should be number&nbsp; one reveal turnaround the purpose of this shot is&nbsp;&nbsp; to introduce the character into the frame with&nbsp; the potential of introducing a second character&nbsp;&nbsp; a reveal generally works better when you bring the&nbsp; subject into the frame with movement in this case&nbsp;&nbsp; turning around looking to see who or what's behind&nbsp; him if you're shooting from the right shoulder&nbsp;&nbsp; the turn action should be from the character's&nbsp; left shoulder creating opposite movement to make&nbsp;&nbsp; the shot more dynamic start by aiming the camera&nbsp; up and pull it down to elevate your character with&nbsp;&nbsp; the hero effect then as you swing around keep&nbsp; them in the left third of the frame to focus&nbsp;&nbsp; the attention on what's coming into the frame&nbsp; and slowly level the camera out put your gimbal&nbsp;&nbsp; in pan tilt follow mode with the movement speed on&nbsp; custom which i've shared in the description below&nbsp;&nbsp; personally i prefer this shot on a 35 millimeter&nbsp; lens but you can also get some more parallax with&nbsp;&nbsp; the 70 millimeter lens as seen in this example&nbsp; number two the character switch one of my favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; shots often used in cinema is when the camera&nbsp; follows one character and switches to another&nbsp;&nbsp; character going in a different direction this&nbsp; dynamic move can be used to introduce different&nbsp;&nbsp; characters or different roles like in a busy&nbsp; restaurant or an office setup use pan follow&nbsp;&nbsp; mode with the gimbal speed set to medium since the&nbsp; transition happens quite quick in this case when&nbsp;&nbsp; following a subject from behind using a wider lens&nbsp; will give you more movement with the foreground&nbsp;&nbsp; passing by especially when the switch happens in&nbsp; this case 24 millimeter number three the tracker&nbsp;&nbsp; reveal if you want to take your gimbal moves to&nbsp; the next level try to combine standard movements&nbsp;&nbsp; with each other in one seamless move here we start&nbsp; with the standard side track first you only focus&nbsp;&nbsp; on the feet of your subject but the goal is to&nbsp; reveal them arriving at a location so at the right&nbsp;&nbsp; time you go around the back and slowly pull out&nbsp; revealing more of your character and how they fit&nbsp;&nbsp; into the environment initially when you focus on&nbsp; the feet it creates anticipation because you know&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing about the character but doing a reveal of&nbsp; both in one continuous move makes it more dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; a 35 millimeter will give you a good distance from&nbsp; the feet but is wide enough when you pull back&nbsp;&nbsp; this shot works better in inverted mode in fact i&nbsp; shoot about 90% of my low shots this way instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of the standard underslung mode put the gimbal&nbsp; into standby turn it around and switch it on again&nbsp;&nbsp; this will give you better results in pan tilt&nbsp; follow mode because the gimbal has more freedom&nbsp;&nbsp; of movement stay at the same level and as you&nbsp; start turning around your subject you slowly pull&nbsp;&nbsp; the stick at an angle causing the camera to slowly&nbsp; pan up with your movement while you move backwards&nbsp;&nbsp; number four point of view swing emulate a point&nbsp; of view perspective of two people dancing and once&nbsp;&nbsp; you've established that they are in fact spinning&nbsp; cutting to a quick shot of the individual's faces&nbsp;&nbsp; make for an interesting scene how to do it&nbsp; although you can do the shot in selfie mode&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have to turn the camera towards the&nbsp; character and with arms stretched out as far as&nbsp;&nbsp; possible let them spin around while keeping the&nbsp; lens on them in order for the gimbal to keep up&nbsp;&nbsp; switch the speed to fast and ask your talent to&nbsp; give the gimbal a subtle twist to initiate the&nbsp;&nbsp; movement this is definitely a shot you want&nbsp; to capture at a higher frame rate like 50 or&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 frames per second on a full frame camera a 35&nbsp; millimeter lens gives the most realistic feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; without showing the arms actually looking like&nbsp; it's holding something number five the ride-in&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have to use a bicycle but the idea is&nbsp; to bring your character into a stop start your&nbsp;&nbsp; movement from the opposite side and do a criss&nbsp; cross as you sweep past keep your character in&nbsp;&nbsp; the right third of the frame with your head&nbsp; sweeping the horizon again shooting from a&nbsp;&nbsp; lower angle will elevate your character making&nbsp; this a great hero shot here the gimbal was said&nbsp;&nbsp; to pan follow mode but that's because the director&nbsp; was doing tilt for me so if you're a solo operator&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be better to shoot in pan tilt follow at&nbsp; my custom speed lens choice can be anything from&nbsp;&nbsp; 35 to 70 millimeter to achieve parallax as you&nbsp; move past in this case i shot at 50 millimeter&nbsp;&nbsp; number six tilt up forward push push forward&nbsp; towards your subject with the camera tilting up&nbsp;&nbsp; make it more epic by adding a head movement&nbsp; like looking up into the lens as the camera&nbsp;&nbsp; tilts up to make this shot special use a longer&nbsp; lens so basically anything above 70 millimeter&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to shoot this in hundred frames per&nbsp; second or more but with that slow motion comes&nbsp;&nbsp; the slower movement so use a good middle ground&nbsp; and a higher background to enhance the feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; of movement now before we get to the last shot i&nbsp; want to tell you about a free webinar i did for&nbsp;&nbsp; sony and the alpha universe platform in this&nbsp; video i break down the 12 steps to cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; filmmaking and share my approach to producing more&nbsp; dynamic content the tutorial is exclusive to the&nbsp;&nbsp; platform so if you want to watch it make sure you&nbsp; register for free linked in the description below&nbsp;&nbsp; number seven the telephoto tracker it's one&nbsp; thing to track your subject with the gimbal&nbsp;&nbsp; but putting on a zoom lens and shooting at the&nbsp; long end immediately makes the shot feel special&nbsp;&nbsp; here you definitely want to be shooting from a&nbsp; moving object to keep up with optimal stability&nbsp;&nbsp; in this case we use the scooter adding a deep&nbsp; foreground will make the shot feel more dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; but depending on your camera you might have to&nbsp; pre-focus in manual and keep the same distance&nbsp;&nbsp; from your subject switch your gimbal to pan&nbsp; follow mode with my custom settings although i&nbsp;&nbsp; use the dji rs3 for all these shots the settings&nbsp; will also work on previous dji gimbals and the&nbsp;&nbsp; modes are standard on all gimbals if you have any&nbsp; more questions let me know in the comments below&nbsp;&nbsp; and i'll do my best to answer thanks so much&nbsp; for watching and i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacques_crafford [45 likes]: LUTs I use: https://jacquescrafford.shop/cineluts
  2. @Alexandr-w4x: Шикарно! Вы мастер своего дела. Наслаждался каждым кадром.
  3. @RoDimitrovsWorld: Thank youuu
  4. @user-j23: i use a dji action 5 with a hohem isteady mt2 and osmo pocket 3 for my shoots (beginner.) your tutorial on gimbal movements are extremely helpful. thank you for sharing your knowledge.
  5. @jmureviews1482: very nice video
  6. @mortonvisuals: I’m always curious about changing focus. You’re going from one subject to another, or changing the subject-camera distance in these examples. Relying on Auto-AF or just a really wide DoF?
  7. @graghoul: Befokte video my brah
  8. @AI_StoryLogic: Can you please the exact name for each of these shots..❤
  9. @AlbieHartmann: 4:04 Where did the jacket vanish? 😂
  10. @Pathway_prolific_tales: Great
  11. @akbarmangad75: ❤
  12. @chrissulimay: Great work.
  13. @KodiriFashion: Hi
  14. @silarsmana: what deadbands do you use for all ? or is it a different headband for each
  15. @chococan83: This is quite useful.. thanks man 👍
  16. @dan_animisa: my gosh a tutorial that actually gives demonstration. thank you sir!
  17. @pahadiarmy6865: Which gimbal you use?
  18. @nextgenhairtransplant: ❤
  19. @CarlitoAndres-g5o: Watching from phil's
  20. @nusratkoroby4412: If you're not a videographer not like this comment

- 12 Camera Movements for CINEMATIC FOOTAGE - CREATIVE SHOT IDEAS for BETTER B-ROLL - Video Shot Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to share 12&nbsp; camera movements for cinematic video&nbsp;&nbsp; creative shot ideas for better b-roll to use&nbsp; on your next video shoot if you don't have a&nbsp;&nbsp; gimbal don't sweat because a lot of these&nbsp; shots are possible with just your hands what's up youtube Jacques Crafford here with&nbsp; another exciting tutorial although my channel&nbsp;&nbsp; has a strong focus on video with sony cameras&nbsp; i've decided to spend more energy on filmmaking&nbsp;&nbsp; tutorials like this one that will help make your&nbsp; video look and feel more cinematic from epic&nbsp;&nbsp; b-roll ideas to lighting and color grading if you&nbsp; want to step up your video game watch the space&nbsp;&nbsp; now let's jump into those camera movements number&nbsp; one the michael bay aptly named after the director&nbsp;&nbsp; who made the shot famous three things you have to&nbsp; do here to pull it off shooting from a lower angle&nbsp;&nbsp; upwards has a way of elevating your character&nbsp; creating the euro effect you have to use a lens&nbsp;&nbsp; equivalent between 35 mil and 50 millimeter and&nbsp; then most important your camera movement needs to&nbsp;&nbsp; be in the opposite direction against the movement&nbsp; of your talent with a turning movement keeping&nbsp;&nbsp; them centered in general this needs to be shot&nbsp; at 50 frames per second or more to amplify the&nbsp;&nbsp; euro effect but can also work if you're doing&nbsp; a quick edit like this one that was shot at 25&nbsp;&nbsp; frames per second the zoom push for this shot you&nbsp; need a zoom lens and the idea is to zoom in as you&nbsp;&nbsp; push forward zooming in in post will not give you&nbsp; the same effect because the compression changes&nbsp;&nbsp; with the focal length giving you a new perspective&nbsp; you can also pull out and zoom out like i did in&nbsp;&nbsp; this shot i also love shooting it at a natural&nbsp; frame rate like 24 25 frames a second because of&nbsp;&nbsp; the beautiful blur you get when you zoom perfect&nbsp; for fast edits the model reveal this has to be one&nbsp;&nbsp; of my favorite shots the idea is simple place your&nbsp; models in a straight line start with the camera&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of the one model and reveal the second&nbsp; one as you move around this shot also uses the&nbsp;&nbsp; principle of opposite movement where the model's&nbsp; face moves in the opposite direction to the camera&nbsp;&nbsp; making the shot feel more cinematic number&nbsp; four ingredients on the lens it doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; to be food but shooting straight up and dropping&nbsp; stuff on the lens sure makes for an interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; angle you can use clear plastic wrap or a sheet&nbsp; of glass to protect the lens having a rotating&nbsp;&nbsp; screen really helps with framing because you want&nbsp; to shoot at a shallow depth of field which also&nbsp;&nbsp; adds to the effect number five the bicycle reveal&nbsp; again it doesn't have to be a bicycle it can be a&nbsp;&nbsp; runner or someone on a skateboard but the idea of&nbsp; the shot is to let the subject enter the frame to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold the frame for a few seconds and then to let&nbsp; the subject speed off out of the frame this kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of shot is a really good way to open a scene like&nbsp; i did for my sony fx3 film number six pan up look&nbsp;&nbsp; up with this shot timing is key your actor has&nbsp; to look up at the right time as the camera moves&nbsp;&nbsp; up in this case it took a few takes but when you&nbsp; get it right it will create a powerful effect we're halfway there if you're enjoying this video&nbsp; make sure you stick around to the end as i will be&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing a bonus tip number seven the pullback&nbsp; reveal the movement is pretty straightforward&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's important to bring the subject in the&nbsp; frame with some kind of movement as you pull out&nbsp;&nbsp; giving it more life in this case it's the hand&nbsp; going up but in other examples i had the model&nbsp;&nbsp; stepping into the frame so the focus was first&nbsp; set on establishing the scene and then transitions&nbsp;&nbsp; over to the model a reveal like this at the right&nbsp; time can create a powerful moment in your video number eight forward push wide similar to&nbsp; pulling back but now you're actually going&nbsp;&nbsp; with your talent forward and the idea of this&nbsp; shot is to take you closer to your next scene&nbsp;&nbsp; so your next cut has to be a medium or a close-up&nbsp; the most important aspect of this shot is to use a&nbsp;&nbsp; wide lens and to find a good foreground start your&nbsp; movement before the model hits the exact spot for&nbsp;&nbsp; smoother results number nine cross movement not&nbsp; exactly a shot you can always plan for but worth&nbsp;&nbsp; looking out for there's something amazing about&nbsp; cross movement in the frame and if you can put&nbsp;&nbsp; your subject against the flow of other objects or&nbsp; people your shot is bound to look more cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; number 10 the twirl this shot became more popular&nbsp; on gimbals with a rotating function but it's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually possible to do it hand out since you&nbsp; can't move the camera as far as with the gimbal&nbsp;&nbsp; it's important to use a foreground which really&nbsp; helps to enhance the feeling of movement these&nbsp;&nbsp; shots can be done at normal frame rates although&nbsp; slow motion will give you smoother results number&nbsp;&nbsp; 11 reflections it doesn't matter where i shoot i'm&nbsp; always going to look for reflections it doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; have to be water and you only need a little bit&nbsp; but a reflection really adds to the cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; depth of your frame number 12 the centered look&nbsp; back this shot you definitely want to shoot&nbsp;&nbsp; in slow motion preferably above 50 frames per&nbsp; second keep your model in the center of the frame&nbsp;&nbsp; and at the right spot call action for them to look&nbsp; back into the camera and now for that bonus tip do&nbsp;&nbsp; you find yourself sometimes not knowing how to&nbsp; direct your actors if you don't know what action&nbsp;&nbsp; to assign to your model the easiest way is to&nbsp; use props or to make them go somewhere props give&nbsp;&nbsp; your model something to do and unless they need to&nbsp; deliver dialogue you always want them to interact&nbsp;&nbsp; with something put them on the move and the&nbsp; journey alone will instantly make things feel more&nbsp;&nbsp; natural this really helps if you're not working&nbsp; with professional actors or models without video&nbsp;&nbsp; experience i do this in all my videos but it's&nbsp; important to keep the props relevant to the scene&nbsp;&nbsp; i made a detailed video about the subject you&nbsp; can check it out here if you enjoyed this video&nbsp;&nbsp; please be so kind to leave a like and if you&nbsp; have any questions drop it in the comments below&nbsp;&nbsp; and i'll do my best to answer thanks so much&nbsp; for watching and i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacques_crafford [55 likes]: LUTs I use: https://jacquescrafford.shop/cineluts
  2. @TheJungleWoman: This was really good thank you!
  3. @tonistoned8565: Bicycle shot is incredibly smooth and stable, well done.
  4. @AfricanSunProductions: Thanks Jacques, very cool video and it's great to watch a local at work. 

I'm thinking about adding a new way of filming to my current run-and-gun style. This was inspirational.
  5. @rkmobilecarwashdetailing7746: Hello I'm a new videographer like every video I shoot do I need shot gun microphone
  6. @sarafefer-duncan8050: This is incredible!
  7. @AGAFilmsCine: Excellent!!👏👏
  8. @НаталіяЯворська-й4о: 🤔👍
  9. @fitpriyank001: 🫡
  10. @Since-buy1980: Great layering idea.
  11. @MasakoSifontes: I have never watched any educative video of this kind since when I joined YouTube
  12. @TôiThíchHát-m5o: Appreciate the effort
  13. @NoyeDPresido: 🎉❤❤❤❤
  14. @bellinghamhawknews: I have shown this video in my video production class.  The students loved it and they were excited to tryout these techniques.  Thank you!
  15. @oskardallas: how did you stabilize the video without gimbal in the kitchen, that there is no wobble effect?
  16. @PixoteFilms: Great stuff. Thanks.
  17. @EmberCastle_Audio: Not sure what to expect, but the atmosphere looks nice.
  18. @PeacefulCosmosMusic: Thanks Sir so many technix I learned from your videos 🎉
  19. @RaymundoMittelman: I have never watched any educative video of this kind since when I joined YouTube
  20. @sorendefre1674: ABSOLUTELY. BRILLIANT tuition video - I have learned s much from it! Thank you SO MUCH!

- Lighting Overhead Shots: Filmmaking 101: Kind: captions Language: en hey I'm Matt from the a-team and we're gonna be showing you how to go from this to this today on formative homeschool we're gonna be lighting overhead shots let's go one thing you probably see all the time online are overhead shots shots of gear or products taken directly overhead sometimes these are called flat lights when you see everyone showing off the cool near they have or sometimes it's called tabletop shooting when you see it in those fun colorful commercials overhead rigs are a great tool to have in your kit whether you're reviewing products on YouTube or taking pictures of watches or cooking in your apartment being able to shoot top-down gives you a great angle that can be used for dynamic shots or a cool second angle but how should you light your overhead shots so the first thing you want to do is build an overhead rig system and there's plenty of ways of doing this for smaller cameras say a DSLR or mirrorless camera you can use a standard C stand so now we have our C stands set up we have the knuckles over to the right we have our monitors so we can check our framing and super important we have our C stands sandbagged and we made sure to arm it just enough directly above our table the key to making this work is having a bulb head mount this allows you to position the camera any way you want it after it's mounted if you can set your camera to autofocus just in case you bump it now that we have our rig set up let's take a look at how cool the shot looks from above so far first setup we have a typical overhead gear review shop and we actually have the setup with two different cameras which brings up the question how do you set up a consistent light for both camera setups for that we have a 120 B mark to serving as our big softbox we actually have a light I'm attached to it and this basically gives us nice consistent light between both camera setups this overhead camera gives a nice detailed look at both my hands and the gear that I'm reviewing make sure the stand holding your overhead camera is placed on the opposite side of your main light source to avoid any shadows the primary reason why we're using a softbox is to illuminate nice soft light onto both myself for the wide shot and our product in the overhead angle now when you cut between both the wide shot and the overhead angle both shots are nice and well lit our last light is an h6 72 placed on the floor pointed upwards this isn't doing anything for me or the table it's illuminating the background so now let's take a look at an example of that how's it going everybody my name is Matt from the a-team and today we have a brand new product to show off called the aperture MC this thing is super cool it's super awesome it is our first W RGB panel and it's the size of your palm it's really nice and it's got some really nice built-in effects to it it's battery-powered you can charge it via USB see for a second look we have a more staged light setup you can use this for photos maybe for thumbnails or maybe even advertising something online the great thing about a top-down camera is once it's set up you don't have to move it a lot of filmmakers will make a permanent set up for their overhead rig so it's the same every time however it might be good to use a zoom lens on your camera because all we did was punch in an hour frame onto the subject without swapping lenses you avoid bumping the camera this way consider shooting a video and then taking a steel frame out of that video because we staged a bunch of different objects as set-dressing we wanted to minimize as many shadows as possible so we brought in our 120 d with the softbox as close and as frontal as possible and this eliminated all shadows around our objects then we added a white bounce which all this is is just a simple white foam card and to add even more fill on the opposite side of the key light we added a 6 NT to bouncing off of the white board we could have lit the opposite side using just these six 72 but we didn't want to add any other shadows so let's take a look at that shot put together [Music] time for a recap in order to let great overhead shots there are two things to consider first soft light is the way to go I know we say that a lot but it's true soft light will be the most forgiving when you're moving your products around because it's large size will wrap around the object second be careful with shadows with small products shadows can become really obvious try adding fill light without creating more shadows by using a bounce comment question of the day what is the coolest overhead shot you've ever seen comment below for a chance to win an app sure m9 if you've enjoyed this video make sure you hit that like button and subscribe for more tutorials I've been mad with the a-team thanks for watching format film school and happy shooting

  Top Comments:
  1. @franziskadodl6601 [3 likes]: Nothing beats a Wes Anderson overhead shot I'm sorry!
  2. @AhmedEmad-cq9iy [1 likes]: Very good . Perfect 🥰
  3. @leadgenerationmauritius4709 [1 likes]: Thanks a looooot man! I really was looking everywhere to find out how to eliminate shadows :D
  4. @benjamindbailey: Exactly the video I was looking for. Other goofball YouTubers were recommending taping a cellphone to the ceiling 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
  5. @BlackapinoTheTechGuy: Not gonna Lie I didn't even know THIS video existed  and NOW that I do, I'm saving this as I have the Amaran 60D with the Aputure 45 x45 Softbox and I wanted to learn how to light something like this as I'm starting to Table Top Videos. This Video was VERY helpful and I LOVE your Products I STILL own my Amaran 60D and it works AMAZING in my Small room
  6. @RebuildRC-1843: Please help! I do overhead repair videos that need to be well lit. I'm having a hard time lighting enough to see everything w/o eliminating color depth.
  7. @love2huntbooks2: Which is better for overhead shots - the aputure light dome or the lantern?
  8. @thezephyrspirit: What about for those of us who're on a budget though? Would a few ring lights from multiple angles (except near the desk mount while holds our phone cameras - which we use to shoot video), illuminate the product enough (let's say it's flat on the desk like a book or a deck of gaming cards), and minimise shadow? Thank you in advance :)
  9. @jamee_maree: LOVE this - straight forward, yet detailed - and simple to understand. A hair light would be amazing to add as well to make you stand off the background even more. Nice work!
  10. @MarinaArtDesign: 02:14 I came to YouTube because my overhead shot looked like the left and I thought it was bad and started looking how to fix it. So, you are saying left is good?
  11. @magronnini: Hello, thank you for your video setup. I would like to create videos for children with overhead and 45 degrees shot. I'm literally going mad trying not to have shadows on the desk. Could you recommend me lights and stands that are not very expensive to buy to solve the problem and how to setup them?
  12. @trevorbroad: the swipe went the wrong way
  13. @MIMCKMedia: I get pretty bad reflections on my table with overhead shot and lightning
  14. @JanineMKartist: do you turn off room lights? I struggle with shadows. I'm using my iPhone for the time being and still trying to figure out the right set up for filming myself working on my art which is flat on a table.  Also struggling with shadows when trying to film when I work om my art set on an easel upright. shadows from then phone itself , my hands and body while working is the biggest frustration.
  15. @cutecrochet: i didn't understand Where to put the bounce board
  16. @mostlyscifi: This dude has you spending 1000-2000 dollar setup just to do a simple set up. Where are the videos for us plebs?
  17. @ShervinShares: What type of table is that? Dimensions of the table? And how many feet above from the table is the camera?
  18. @CreativeThinking52: I really enjoyed this overhead camera rig set up. I have been thinking about doing some overhead shots for my channel. Thank you for sharing. Have a great day. Fully watch video. 👍
  19. @potofflavours: Hi please I need help,  I want to buy the holder you used to attach the monitor to the c-stand , but I want to use it for my second camera,  but I don't know what it is called. Thank you
  20. @GantsilyoBaguio: Very helpful, thank you! =)

- Shaky Footage? How to get SMOOTH HANDHELD shots like a beast!: Kind: captions Language: en - What's up everybody? Peter McKinnon here, and today we're talking about how you can start shooting better handheld footage without a stabilizer, a tripod, nothing, just you. (upbeat guitar music) Okay, so one of the things I get asked a lot, and I see it a lot in comments and just general inquiries about this kind of thing, is what kind of stabilizer do you use, or what kind of monopod do you use, or how can I get smoother footage, or how can I track objects better? Your b-rolls really smooth, how do you do that, and how do I do it? So, I put together a couple tips with a few examples, using some B-roll, of how I get smoother footage without the use of a tripod or a slider or a three axis gimbal, or a glide cam, none of that. We're gonna cover those things in another video, but I wanted to preface that video with this, by saying you don't need to have all of those things to get smooth, great looking footage. Now, they help, absolutely, and a lot of the times, they do make your life easier. But at the same time, not everybody has those things. Sometimes they're really expensive. Sometimes they're more of a nuisance to have to lug around and drag through the woods and up a cliff, and pack your car and try to get your friends in at the same time. It's just easier to grab your camera and go. So these are a few of the techniques that I use when I wanna stabilize my footage without having to use all of this extra equipment. Okay, so the first thing you're gonna wanna do when you're holding your camera to shoot handheld is you wanna hold it with two hands. Now, you'd be surprised. A lot of people just shoot like this and they're like, ah whatever, I got it. But, you want two hands on there, it's gonna be a much more stable grip. A second is you don't wanna have your arms extended. You don't have as much core strength when you're shooting this way trying to adjust settings, it's a lot easier, and you're gonna get way better results if you pull that camera into your chest and lock your elbows in. Think about moving as one, instead of all these different things moving. Instead of having the camera move and your wrists moving and your arms moving, try to pull those arms in, lock it in close so it's nice and tight, you got a grip on both the body and the lens, and then just move your body. You're gonna get way better camera movements like that, than you are if you're trying to just move all your extremities at the same time, doing different things, you're gonna get camera shake that way. Okay now, similar to a three axis gimbal, having three points of contact on the camera at all times will, again, help get your footage more stable. So, you got one point of contact, two points of contact, what could be the third? Well, it could be holding it against your chest, it could having it up against your eye, which the third point of contact would be your face. But what I like to use is the camera strap, which is a technique you've seen probably a lot of filmmakers use, but that goes around your neck. I like to use this peak design one just because I can take it on and off real easy, but this is now my third point of contact. So I've got my hand on one, two on the lends, I've got this against the back of my neck, with tension, allowing me to have a third point of contact. So now I've got a way more stable shot with a good, solid grip. My arms are locked and extended outwards, and I've got that tension on the back of my neck, so I'm able to do panning shots. I'm able to move up and down, and that is a huge, huge benefit in the field. I use this trick all the time. If you're doing hyperlapses, it's a little bit dark and you gotta drag that shutter out a little bit longer, this is a huge help without having to set up a tripod, or throw it on a gimbal, or something like that. Try this out, you'll be really, really happy with the results. Okay, obviously the next thing is gonna help is having an image stabilized lens. So that's gonna help a lot when smoothing out your footage. So now you've got your three points of contact, you're using an image stabilized lens, you've got it nice and close, or you've locked those arms out with the strap. The camera is doing it's thing, either you have an IBIS, which is In Body Image Stabilization, or you have the stabilization built into the lens, one or the other, that's just an obvious added bonus for getting those smooth, buttery shots I like to say. On top of that, if you get back to the studio, your office, your bedroom, your dorm, whatever, if you get back to your place, and you've done these tips and you're using the strap, you've done the three points of contact, you've got an image stabilized lens and it's still a little bit, just a (mumbles) it could just be a bit better, you can still the run the warp stabilizer in Premiere Pro. So all you're gonna do is go down to the Effects panel, you're gonna type in warp, it's gonna pop up, you're gonna drag that onto your footage and it's gonna analyze the clips. What that does, is it adds a gyroscope to the footage, and it zooms in a little bit to get rid of shake on the edges. So, that's gonna stabilize your footage past having an image stabilize lens, past you doing everything you could in the field to make it smooth. At this point, your footage should be pretty smooth, so. If it's not, maybe you're just really cold. (shivers) Or you have arthritis, or maybe you just drank like 16 cups of coffee and it's just a little bit, whoo, little bit crazy. Now this text tip is something that I've been doing for years. I haven't really seen anyone else do it, so I'm gonna go out on a limb and say it's original to me. Anyways, I came up with it myself. It's kind of ridiculous, but what I do is I learn forward, and then I just let myself go a little bit too far, so that I kind of fall for like one to two seconds then I put my foot out and I stop myself. And I do that both forwards and backwards, and what lets me do is get like two perfect seconds of free fall motion before I get that camera jerk. And the best part about putting your foot out, aside from not falling on your face or smashing the back of your head, it obviously makes the camera jerk, right? Like, you're learning back and the camera stops suddenly. That's kind of like my marker when I'm editing. I look for that camera shake, and then I go back about two seconds and I know that's my sweet spot. So I take those two sweet seconds, falling forward or falling backwards, and I know those are gonna be really, really smooth, 'cause it's essentially the camera is in a free fall. I can then run warp stabilizer on top of that, and now I've got a really nice, just either slow pan forward or slow pan backwards, depending if I was shooting at 60 frames or 120 frames. So that, is a little bit of an unorthodox technique, but it's something that I do personally all the time. Now, disclaimer, you look absolutely ridiculous when you're doing this in public, and people wonder if you're drunk or if you are, they don't understand people. They don't understand, but we understand. So, you're gonna try it, and you're not gonna be embarrassed. Let's call it the, let's call it the PM Rock N Tilt. Sure. (laughs) Now another tip doesn't necessarily have to pertain to a technique, but motion hides shake. Alright, so if your camera is panning, if you are moving those shots forward, backwards, side to side, that kind of thing, it's going to cut down on the camera shake 100%. If you're just trying to keep a steady shot, as steady as you can, it's gonna be obvious by looking at the edges of the frame, if the camera is moving or if the frame is shaking or not, opposed to if you're actually panning like we talked about, it's a lot harder to pick up the fact if the camera is shaking or not. Something else you wanna keep in mind: focal distances. If you're shooting wide, you're gonna get less shake. It's way easier to get smooth looking footage when you are shooting wide, okay. Here's some examples, shooting at 16mm, doing some pans, doing some motion, doing some of that stuff we just talked about. That looks great. Now cut to the next scene, which is shot at 200mm without image stabilization. And I'm doing my best to handhold it, Gabriel is taking some stuff out of the truck, but it's a lot more just jittery, because my frame is so much further zoomed in at 200mm. And just as I side note, if we flip on the image stabilization on that lens, look at the difference. It looks a lot smoother. So if you are shooting handheld, and you wanna be in at like 200mm or 100mm or something like that, it does absolutely help to have an image stabilized lens, there's the proof. But when you have a wide shot, shakes are way less noticeable, opposed to something zoomed in really, really far. The slightest movement of the camera when your zoomed in at like 200mm or 100mm, is gonna be a huge reaction on-screen. It's gonna look like you just went (exasperated noise) It's gonna look massive! But if you're shooting wide, and you do a little bit of this, it's almost undetectable. And then if you run the warped stabilizer and post and it zooms in a little bit, it cuts off those edges. Here are some things that will cause shake that you can keep in mind not to do when you're shooting. Changing settings, you wanna make sure that you have your camera settings the way you want them. Your stabilization is on, your auto focus or your manual focus is on, you've got all your dials dialed into what you want, because if you're trying to move the camera on the fly, obviously, you don't have that nice, secure grip anymore, you've turned the camera, or you're looking at it and now you're pushing something on the side, and that's introducing camera shake, you're gonna see that in the footage if you're pushing auto focus to manual focus, you're physically pushing the lens in, so you wanna make sure that you're not touching anything on the camera, that you're preset, you're ready to go, your settings are locked off and you're just focused on getting the shot. Okay, so I've just thrown together a little kind of edit of everything that we just used for examples, the B-roll footage, into one little segment so you can see that this whole thing was done handheld. There was no tripods, there was no gimbals, nothing, just using the warp stabilizer or the image stabilization in the lens, doing the techniques, the fall, the PM Tilt, whatever we called it, I don't remember already. (laughs) But just using the techniques that we just learned, this is what that looks like. Now, side note, there are some shots of me shooting those shots in this. Those were done also handheld, either with image stabilization or warped, the same kind of thing, just with a different camera, okay? (upbeat electronic music) So those are a couple tips. Now, it's important to say, sometimes you want camera shake. Sometimes you want to introduce a little bit of natural movement, if it helps tell your story, if it helps drive home a point, like we mentioned before in the Step Up Your Filmmaking series, sometimes it helps to set the tone. If you're chasing somebody, if it's supposed to feel a little stressful or intense. Sometimes that camera shake, and handheld camera shake, is very, very beneficial. You'll notice in a lot of movies, like even the Born Identity series, they use a lot of camera shake in that. Sometimes to the point where you're just like. Okay, yeah, I mean I wouldn't be opposed to a tripod at this point. It goes without saying, sometimes it adds that raw feel. If you have too much smooth motion in all of your shots, sometimes it can come off just a little too produced. A little fake, and it just feels like there's no real, raw connection. So, sometimes throwing some of this out the window and getting some camera shake into a particular clip or scene is absolutely essential to portray what it is you're trying to portray. Now the last thing that'll help you get some smooth, buttery, tasty handheld shots is shooting in slow-motion. Be it at that 60 frames a second, or 120 frames a second, or even higher speed frame rates. Shooting with those will definitely help get nice, smooth handheld footage. Let's say you even shoot a clip that's five minutes long and it's 120 frames a second. That's A, gonna be a huge file size, but B, even if it was really, really shaky, there's probably something in there somewhere, that several seconds of a nice, smooth rotation you can clip and you can cut in and out of that one clip to pull what you need from it. So that's the last tip for the day. And that pretty much does it for this video, guys. I hope you enjoyed it. I've been asked that a lot. So, I'm really excited to be able to share some of these gorilla-style filmmaking tips with you. I hope you got something out of it. If you did, hit that like button. Smash it, if you so desire. And, and, if you hit the bell, you'll be notified every time I upload a video. So I've got several more planned for this week, so hopefully you guys will come along for the ride. Thank you to everybody who is new here at the Peter McKinnon channel. We talk a lot about photography and cinematography and teach cool stuff and vlog different things. So, it's a fun ship to be on, as I've said before. And I appreciate each and every one of you. I will see you guys in the next video. Not wearing a hat. (airy sounds) (funky hiphop music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @PeterMcKinnon [1900 likes]: Coffee and or RedBull are not recommended for said smooth footage :) Whats YOUR favourite to shoot handheld?
  2. @Devious_s5 [4 likes]: 7:46 Massive huh?
  3. @Kjetil_MB [2 likes]: Came here in 2026. Still great advice 😉
  4. @KelbyFB: Haha I do the falling technique too
  5. @ganguilitechnovation: Wonderful
  6. @ibstayfly: I have gone through so many stabilizer apps but none worked. And majority of the editing apps like capcut etc have paid stabilization not free

I tried refilming but I can't replicate the same energy from my orginal video 

I know Google photos has a stabilizer which I never knew about tbh but my storage is full so the stabilizer feature doesn't even show up. So I'm out of luck 

At this point I'm frustrated and no longer wanna deal with the frustration of stabilization apps. I'm honestly thinking of uploading my video as is with little shake and just be honest with my followers about it in playful way. Idgaf tbh
  7. @claytonswagger: I THOUGHT I WAS WEIRD FOR DOING THE 2 SECOND FREE FALL IM NOT ALONE
  8. @alicebarros-y5z: VEY LOVELY
  9. @GeeQueeeTv: Wonderful video.
  10. @spyderlens: What about shooting with lens without IBIS ? do we really need a gimbal or any other equipment in that case ?
  11. @trainlover16: I’m rather disappointed with how shaky the footage in my vlogs is, this video was a huge help. I’ll definitely take all these tips into account, ESPECIALLY the both hands on the camera one, a very basic one that I was not really adhering to before and I can’t believe wasn’t obvious to me before.

I really want to improve my filmmaking skills for when I finally get my own series, Raptordogs, into production, and basic tips like these really help with that. Thank you so much.
  12. @superfugy: What camera do you use to film this video
  13. @MxrkTv: Thank God this video exists in 2025
  14. @EA-je3ym: I actually do have arthritis and I'm looking for ways to help.
  15. @kelvinloosg: Super useful. The camera strap, PM tilt ! Thanks.
  16. @MarinaBrunoFilms: Lol I literally do the slightly falling thing 😆😆
  17. @nnaemekapromise6046: Thanks, your teaching was impactful
  18. @GioBroladze-n1w: I was doing that fall technique too😂❤
  19. @personhumancreature: Hello, @PeterMcKinnon. Thank you for the video. I have a question about the camera strap stabilization technique. Is it safe to put pressure on the neck? Do you need a strong neck for this to work?
  20. @_sami_: This information is SO simple to understand and SO Helpful, thank you!

- Making My First Rug: Kind: captions Language: en I've been seeing a ton of videos recently on my Instagram of people tufting making rugs and as always when I see something creative and interesting and challenging I want to try it myself well it just so happens that my friend Sylvia makes rugs you may remember Sylvia as the person who dyed my hair hot pink for a single video and so I knew she would be the perfect person to ask in assisting me making my own rug you're about to watch my rug making Journey unfold please enjoy welcome to the world of Sylvia we have come over to Sylvia's house and she is going to guide me through this journey what's going to happen I don't know but by the end of it there will be a rug and it's going to be fantastic but where is Sylvia I don't I don't know where she where is she there she is and also hello Nelly hello she essential assistant I'm very excited about this syia thank you for agreeing to do this Where Do We Begin what's the first thing we need to do the canvas down and put a new one up oh okay yeah just yeah mod your [Music] fingers this is the frame right did you make this yourself how did you acquire this I had a friend of a friend just to make me this Frame and then I just nailed carpet grip and this is a a baby one a baby one I attempted to make is so bad syia I'm going to help you make a new one of these cuz this looks like if a gust of wind came through the window this would uh disintegrate actually it's so much better doing it with two yeah with two people I bet you normally do it by yourself yeah hello be careful we've stretched the canvas over the frame looks good it is quite literally a blank canvas the next thing we need if I'm not mistaken is probably a design right that would be useful luckily I've come prepared I'm going to base it off of this basically I'm going to just redraw that to be nice and Drug friendly we have a design it is the Fuji Mayo lover design she has a big po May on her head so this is what we're going to try and make in rug form it looks great thank you you like cat no I like dog you should draw dog dog much better than cat 50/50 and I always get it wrong every time projector time baby we have projected our design Sylvia has instructed me to draw it out using a Sharpie pen most importantly it is flipped backwards because when we it's going to reverse because of the nature of how this works so the words mayo oh yeah o yam oh yam o yam for a second I thought you were actually glitching out and I was like oh yeah with character design people will often do their drawing and then they'll like flip it back and forth to see if it looks good both ways everything I draw whenever I flip it it looks cursed the other way but this actually looks quite nice flip it's quite a nice design I would say sweet I love it okay that's incredible so I've just drawn the outline of my practice one we're going to do a bigger one as well that will be the Real Deal filmed in front of a live audience you know who's going to steal this rug I do actually yes my muse my inspiration only a cat can get away with sleeping on a rug of their own face it's a constant battle with your own shadow it's like Peter Pan that something he did it's like Shadow Link that's more my kind of reference yeah critique me what do you think honestly be brutal be honest what do you think perfect very very very very good thank you very much syvia is this the rugging time now wa that was cool all right that's very satisfying so did you just teach yourself all of this Tik Tok and YouTube and a bit of Reddit nice just a bit of Reddit no you don't want to not too much redit by the way which tea is mine this cheers just like they used to do in Lithuania back in the old there it's in my blood this is a little intimidating so this is the gun cuz you can do this by hand as well right but we're going to use the gun I could bore you for hours about oiling this gun cleaning it but it's good to go for now first of all make sure when you do this the gun is off not even on on the power because if you put your fingers in front of this and this goes off in any way you will become a rug you'll become a rug finger on the trigger good amount of pressure oh my God it's beautiful my first rug cuz am I right I'm thinking as well like it looks like this on this side but is it on the other side it will look better oh oh yeah t it's always better on the other side wao that's so satisfying oh yeah well I'm definitely getting more comfortable with the gun as we're going like that's like almost perfect oh yeah you better be careful syvia I'm going to come for your craft first I took Sasha's parkour away now I'm going to take your rug making say far this is a lot of fun I'm very much enjoying this my hand aches a little bit slightly achy Bo nice all right should we take a little peek and see what it looks like little cheeky reveal oh God that looks mad that is bit of a nightmare but in a great way we've got our rough outline on our practice sketch next we're going to practice some coloring let's have it go it looks like you know when you get lipstick on your teeth we've done the tongue we're going to do a little flip and reveal to see how it's looking so far that's cute wow yeah day one complete I've had a good go at practicing with the gun other than a little bit of an achy hand that was a lot of fun so I'm going to come back tomorrow do a bit more practicing and then we can start tackling the big one wow day two and look at all this lovely acrylic synthetic yarn that Sylvia has pre-spun for us we're going to continue with our tester rug first let's do this sweet oh oh yeah it works it says Mayo yeah amazing we're halfway through the test rug Sylvia if you could do the honors whoa yes that's uh come through really nicely the final bit of the Tester the mouse okay so this is it from the back do you want to see it from the front reveal time oh my goodness look at that it's fishy oh syia high five PJ we did it well done this is so impressive for the first rug you kidding me I was making squiggles when I first started I did some squiggles too for months now we're getting on to the real deal we're going to be using wool for the the next rug good luck to us I am making the first incision o one outline is done except for the lettering on the Mayo jar and the teeth we're going to save that and do that by hand later I'm going to do a second layer all the way around let's do it again hello the line art is done so we're going to trim it down now syvia please show me what do we do that is going to conclude day two tomorrow we're going to pick this back up we're going to fill this in it's going to look beautiful what are we going to fill it in with I'll show you all right day three I am very much ready to do this we're going to jump straight into action we have an absolute metric ton of wool to work with down here there's so many variations of gray and white and blue this is fantastic so let's get this hooked up into the gun and get blasting so I picked up every color that we're going to need I think we definitely have plenty of this great yeah oops I don't know about you but it feels like there's something missing today feels like there's like a sort of an element of of chaos that's just not here H what is it what so we've got the first little area filled in we started with the mouth and we're going to expand outwards the tongue is definitely a much easier portion to do so we started with that I've got myself a little treat if I can work quickly and efficient ly I've got a Little Dutch Armond biscuit waiting for me in a little baggie over there so that's going to be the reward the rug is also the reward but the little the biscuit is also the reward nice Jim Henson wishes they had the puppeteering skills we do look at this Dune part three let's go this is a punch needle and using this we're going to do the little details of the teeth by hand starting with a black outline sorry one second do you want your bigy now not yet saving it let's start with that yeah great great we have made tremendous progress so far Sylvia's colored a huge chunk of this in with a pen make it a little easier to see where we've gone with the white real quick note right here this was actually a minor mistake that we didn't realize until later when we washed the rug do not color in your canvas with a marker pen because you may have issues with the dye leaking into your rug it's not really a huge deal because spoiler alert the final result looks fantastic but I just thought I would bring it up here all right back to the video I think I've earned a little something I think I've earned and a hot tea and a cheeky Little Biscuit a cheeky Little Dutch almond biscuit I think I deserve it for working so hard we're going to give the Dutch almond biscuit a taste test here we go oh wow doesn't remind you of anything does it remind me of something oh T going to do a partial halfway through reveal okay I've had my treat this is your treat okay yes yes yes so far so good now trap Sophie back there trap her back there can't leave snip snip snip SN snip there's a Mario Party mini game exactly like this and I was always so bad at it so it's so nice that this is now my Redemption now who's the Superstar when people make videos of it it looks deceptively easy and it's actually a lot harder than you think it's going to be spicy meatball last couple of little bits of the white we're getting there I'm going to take a look you're not going to get to see it yet but what you're going to get to see is my reaction oh yes it's pretty good it's pretty profesh an all you're going to have to wait a little bit longer to see more please hold okay it's weird but it looks like something that I've commissioned someone else to make this does not look like something that I myself have made which is a huge compliment to myself from myself so thanks P you're welcome just call me Gandalf baby cuz we're going gray welcome to the yarn yarning I ask you to close your eyes hold your arms out in front of you lower them down I'm drawn towards this one open your eyes this shall be the blue you shall use we've picked our blue we're losing our marbles we've been going at this for quite a while now so the last thing to do is the May pop we're going to start with the lid and work our way down oops I dropped my waiter this is the part I've been most nervous about we need to go around the lettering with the gun but this is the part where it could all go wrong we are so so nearly there the final thing we need to do is the black lettering here so we're going to load up the gun with some black wall get this Mayo pot finished it's been a long day but a very rewarding one because this is looking Fantastical the final pump all right okay the light went off that might be it we might be done we need to inspect but wow oh my god wow all right ready for the big reveal big reveal let's go spin w there she is yeah that's awesome man the lettering is not bad obviously we need to shave into a bit but you know it's good what do we do now now we glue the backs of them wait for that to dry then we can cut it out the next time cool yes PJ end of day three so Sylvia bless her would not let me pay for any of the wool on this project in which case I'm going to have to make her an office she can't refuse I'm going to have to build her something finished not bad hello hello hello how you doing a surprise he gorgeous speed is the big surprise so S I thought I would just do a little special something for you because another a medium siiz frame you even put carpet grips in it absolutely how else you going to TFT without carpet G solid as a are you kidding me are you when did you do this this morning hence why we need a hand getting the it did not fit in the car it did not fit in the car oh my God I'm so so grateful thank you you're welcome this is huge oh my goodness thank you so much you're that is so so kind that is so thoughtful thr that one out today thank you that's all good well thank you for helping us with the rug so it is day four and we are nearly at the Finish Line Sylvia has done a tremendous job at gluing it and getting it all sealed up so the next thing we need to do shave it down a little bit and finish making it look pretty like I I said Finish Line is on the horizon let's do this who's your fighter I think we're going to have to go big scissors and so wowe zoi would you look at those that's a couple of cool cat rugs if you ask me Sil we did it we did it I can't believe it 4 days ago these did not exist 4 days ago these were merely a sketch on an iPad and now look at them this has completely blown me away I've never done anything quite like this before like for all the creative Endeavors that I ever try like this is the most like wow like idea to physical thing it just looks so cool like thank you so much syvia for sharing your craft with us this pleasure I can't wait to see Fuji's reaction there hours and hours of on Tik Tok watching other people do the same it's worth it now you can learn so much from just like watching people do stuff so if you out there learn anything from watching this video I hope we have imparted some kind of wisdom upon you they very happy pound it hey Fuji look Fuji it's [Applause] you she's accepted it immediately yeah well I would say that is a complete success in true cat fashion she is just enamored by her own face but wait there's one more as a bonus Sylvia has very kindly made us a grassy rug to go at the base of Fuji's cat tree which I built a few videos ago she already loves it I've said it before and I'll say it again everything we do we do it for her he

  Top Comments:
  1. @galaxydragon42 [2 likes]: The rug looks AMAZING, and this whole video is so lovely <3
  2. @deborahmeyers551 [1 likes]: Awe how lovely is this video ❤
  3. @smyggol1699 [1 likes]: AAAAA Lithuania mentioned!! <3
  4. @catherinelapointe8024 [1 likes]: it’s like the crazy cutter minigame in mario parti 64 hahaha!
  5. @halliewong [1 likes]: Bought my mom a certificate for a rug tufting class for Mothers' Day after watching this video. She's so excited!
  6. @anneblackk [1 likes]: Can someone explain to me if the mayo means something?
  7. @kuufromspace [1 likes]: i love the counter offer of building something bcus bartering of skills is community care ;U;
  8. @AllieFurlong [1 likes]: Came from Safiya and you did it amazingly artistically ❤ ugh new vibe
  9. @justexisting8694 [1 likes]: Everything about this is so peaceful and lovely. The rugs turned out insanely well
  10. @Chanteeelly420 [1 likes]: Me and my Husband had teary eyes by the end of this video, Pj you have amazingly out done yourself over the years and your videos just keep getting better !! Love how much care and dedication goes into each one. Thanks for sharing your ideas and experience with the rest of us !🥳🎊🎉
  11. @dumbalek6001 [1 likes]: Oh my god. I had a Pokémon trainer character for a Pokémon roleplay group that was named Sylvia and she looked. Exactly like Sylvia (minus the tats but I could see her having some) and I imagined her sounding the same.

This will mean nothing to no one else but it's uncanny.
  12. @luvsyafob: Why did i almost cry when I realized you were making her a frame. That's so nice 😭😭😭
  13. @tiffanydang4: ur so good at everything.... starting to think this is rigged
  14. @mj_mewa: Oh the editing in this video is so satysfying😌
  15. @dangerindesign: The cut to the beat music is PERFECT haha, great job! And of course how awesome is that Fuji rug!
  16. @visgraatje: Gevulde koek. Say it PJ, say it
  17. @thereisnoneedtocallmesir: 1) absolutely love the video
2) I did NOT expect to see a gevulde koek/dutch almond biscuit in a video from an English person
  18. @freerangerudy: always love in your diy/crafty videos when you sync the sounds of hammering / sawing / tufting to the music ^_^ the final rugs came out gorgeous
  19. @annesophieg-n: so fun!!
  20. @stuckontheinternetwera: so good! turned out so well and all the fuji craft vids always have such a fun vibe

- I Tried “Rug Tufting” and It was Insane…: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm going to be rugged up trying to Rug Doctor I ordered a kid online with all the stuff I need to rug tuft I also got this thing I'm gonna be making a bunch of different rugs pretty much this thing shoots yarn into a canvas and then you draw out whatever design you want your rug to be but step one I need to build a frame for my canvas this will be the first one [Applause] for these so I can put them all together that's perfect look just like that [Music] all right now that we have what I was supposed to be a square now we have to spoke screws all the way through the wood all around the border of the entire thing then we can like stick the cloth onto the nails sticking out this is like a weapon bro look at this thing are you being a good cameraman boom this is the part I was excited for okay so now I'm gonna stretch this cloth and like poke it over each side this is what the lady online said so if I if this messes up go to her video and spammer foreign now the next step I have to draw out exactly what I want to put on this like what I want my carpet to be I'm just gonna freestyle this one each of these is going to be a different like color of pink and red this is all going to be green and then we need some seeds now we start I got the Glock dude is there an extended mag on this or no it's like I'm in fortnite bro red pink it's like a it literally shoots out all these little pieces and then they get stuck into this thing I'm just gonna start oh it's hitting the wall oh oh it looks good on the other side look look at that all right guys we finished up all the green I used up all the yarn that I had this side looks terrible but watch this I'm gonna flip it around okay boom what does it look like this side looks way better all right so there's definitely a learning curve to this in other words this looks like ass there's like a certainly you need to hold it like this you have to push pretty hard and you can't really leave any gaps which is kind of what I did here but this is the practice one we still have a lot more so let's finish this one then we'll start the next ah all right okay this looks all right look at it so I gotta trim off all these little like extra pieces on top of here I'm gonna use this like spray glue bro this is so cool I'm gonna take all these edges look at this it's all sticky so I'm gonna fold these over ready oh I'm gonna obviously clean it up a little bit but this is a cool first try I think I need one of those electric buzzers to like shave this off but this was just practice now we're gonna start the real one that's the first frame we used now we're gonna use that one it's ready look at how big this is my plan for this one is to do a giant Prime bottle rug like this then I'm gonna give it to Logan Paul after just like as a gift but I feel like it's the perfect shape I got all the colors hopefully this looks good just for comparison this is the first one I made that's how big it is on the new canvas okay now I got this little projector I'm going to connect to my laptop and project the prime bottle there so I can trace it perfectly I'm going to start with white all right this is after a couple hours I bought two of these things this one and this one this is how it looks from the first one on the back but the new one look how much cleaner it is it's like perfect White's done now I'm gonna start the black all right the Prime logo is mostly done look at it this is sick so far I'm gonna try to do this part I don't even know if this is possible but I'm gonna try I'm very curious what this actually looks like this is what it looks like on the other side guys I'm done all right this side still even looks good but this is the bad side now I'm gonna cut it out flip it around look at the other side all right ready off all these pieces hanging off now I'm going to spray glue over the whole back so it stays together all right guys also look at the studio it literally looks like a tornado look if you guys do this at home it's like so messy look at this oh my gosh final step I'm gonna vacuum it and hopefully it looks the cleanest I'm done I think I'm done this one's way better than the watermelon check this out Prime we still have one more to go but before we start the last final one I'm gonna call Logan show them this his new Rook yo I'm sorry for Thursday I made you something you made me something yes I think you're gonna like it you wanna see it show me it's a rug first off thank you that's incredible yeah like like you you absolutely crush it all right guys now I'm gonna start my final rug I have a fun idea I'm gonna make it Air Force One shoe rug but I'm Gonna Fill it in with my own design make it like a custom Air Force One shoe rug I got my outline done this is my giant Air Force One now I just need to start filling in the colors I'm going to start with the black outlines this time this is the prime one you can see some of the letters aren't perfectly outlined so if I start out with a good perfect black outline it should look good this is going to be my final one it has to be perfect all right the blackout Line's done this is what it looks like on the front this is what it looks like on the back like this now I'm going to start filling in this part with this blue I have I'm gonna try to make it look like denim I'm gonna use two different Blues make one of them go this way and the other one go this way so it kind of like patches over and looks like faded denim right now inside here there's like a light blue and a dark blue at the same time inside here so it kind of is mixed together on here because if you look at this denim kind of like mixed colors so that's what I'm trying to make it look like it's pulling from both Yarns at the same time and kind of just like weaving it together this is how it looks on the back like this this is the other side it's so so next section I'm gonna do is this and this both of them I need to make look like Checkers like white and black stripe Checkers I'm going to start by making two white rows going horizontally and then fill it in with a black line like this also for the black line I only used one strand instead of two strands going through this now I need to do black lines up and down and then I started with a single strand of light red so I can make my pattern like this then I'm gonna go in with the dark red and fill it in like this now we gotta do these Brown this color once I finish those two I just have to fill this in white and then the whole thing's done I'm so close to being done this is the last piece I have to do and then I'm done look how cool this looks this is the back and it looks cool that's how you know it's going to look good when I flip it around once I finish up all this brown it's time to glue it I'm done I am done oh my God it looks cool from the back I want to hit it from the back look at this the whole process was already the fun part but now is the actual fun part where I get to I get to line up my rug all right now I'm gonna cut all these little strings off this glue kind of sprays out like a spider web look look at that it kind of shoots out like a web it kind of just secures all the yarn on the back I'm listening to glorilla the whole time I was doing this rough just want to let you guys know all right now I'm going to fold over all these little edges all right guys are you ready I'm gonna flip this over I hope this looks good you ready oh look at this it's not done yet though now I need to get my razors and line this hole up oh my god dude I'm done there it is don't I don't want to show you too much but I'm going home right now I'm gonna put the rug in my room and I'll show you the final product also this is not quite a mess I'm looking forward to cleaning up hey hey hey hey look how cool that looks right there that looks like it was meant to be there something's amazing

  Top Comments:
  1. @natashabraga4407 [1 likes]: Marko is insanely talented.  He slays every art/craft he tries. Even if his first attempt is not perfect he will use critical thinking to figure out what to change in his approach to get it right.  I have so much respect for his work ethic and determination.
  2. @MarleneBontrager: Give that to Logan Paul
  3. @Shane1don: 2:05 In other words this looks like ass….😂😂😂
  4. @thebeesknees4894: why is marko wearing two benies
  5. @villegas24: Now Logan can rugpull his fans again
  6. @JeremyWittwer: I know I’m 3 years late but do you still have the kit link of the machine
  7. @adrieannaellis3850: Why is his song so wired like sexy ayo
  8. @JadrielNunez-k3r: Ture 🎉😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @AlishaSampson-p2x: Did he oh just say you want to hit it from the back
  10. @JulianJacoby-w6q: Bros rocking the double Bennie
  11. @RandyBrown17: 1:23 POV, that one zero build player
  12. @mateotorres4297: 4:50 I know how it feels like to do art , origami, and stuff just to see a mess😂😂
  13. @theoriginallacey: I’ll lend you a miter saw if you pair my car.
  14. @TheTlangdon: I’ve never seen this done. AMAZING!
  15. @TheBirdlsTheWord: I love this mindset of yours. You'll take something you don't know, practice it. Then go big or go home!  Nooice
  16. @quippyclippy: "Marko can you...?"
"Yes."
  17. @oynlengeymer2434: Sometimes I wish I had whatever Marko has. I start so many projects but never finish. They say that's ADD. Marko tho, he has wild eyes and there is something I guess neurodivergent with his energy.. or not, maybe. whatever it is, he's perfect. <3
  18. @JB-jz5ws: Noiceee 🎉🎉🎉
  19. @adamgaming62-u5o: You should've made something for faze rug
  20. @TonyAtwood-h1l: Wow you do have a hairline!!!!

- Remaking My First Rug 200 RUGS LATER: Kind: captions Language: en this is the first drug i ever made seven months ago and 200 bucks later i'm gonna recreate it here are some problems it looks like a dirty dog toy there's no clear font or separation between the colors giant gaps and the back i projected and traced as i did before but this time i made everything a bit bigger for my first rug i tufted with one strand of yarn which took forever but now i tuffed with two strands of yarn which makes it more dense and the process is much faster i outline the letters first going on the inside of the line instead of on the line because it expands anyway when i fill it in filling in the letters this time around was also better because i kept the number of lines consistent for every letter now before we move on to the red i'm just going to carve out the letters with now before i move on to the red i'm just going to carve out the letters to give it that clean separation between the colors that we didn't get in the first rug i used a razor for the outside of the letters which gave it a clean foundation and left the inside for later with the first rug i just filled it in from right to left which is so weird because it can cause a weird stretch and also just like shift things around so this time i'm gonna outline the letters first and then fill in the rest you can see the colors aren't mixing at all because of the carving i did earlier that is so much better than the first one i mean it's kind of embarrassing to do this right now but just look it's disgusting let's continue with the red i was outlining and i realized that the tufting sound was just too much that was so annoying [Music] for the first rug i used a common carpet adhesive which dries tacky but these days i use a natural latex glue that dries rubbery cut it off the frame i would usually back it but i want to show you the difference you're gonna be disgusted give it a buzz carve the rest and comment down below what you think and subscribe you

  Top Comments:
  1. @justanormallifestyle [1 likes]: Not me seeing it in 2026
  2. @Elena_Mao [1 likes]: Do you know Chinese?
  3. @Yorke-x4z [1 likes]: ❤Rowan
  4. @SIMJIToo: Hiiiiiii please check out ​⁠ @SIMJI  for rug long forms and shorts + brand new channel ​⁠ @SIMJIandKai  for non rug related videos!! Haven’t posted on this channel in years 🥹💖
  5. @Mariam-q7g4v: Dont mind the mess............ WHY ARE U STİLL LOOKİNG THERE?
  6. @pornraweetantivejakul: Sim ji l really like your style and art and I subscribe to your channel and I wish I could see you l’m from Thailand 🇹🇭 and my name is Nippon
  7. @carlgames247: The second one looks a lot more awesome
  8. @officialdjbobroblox: the subtitles at the start of the video 😭🥀✌ (fix the subtitles)
  9. @ArtFor_Fun: Ok i will subscribe
  10. @krishashankar2204: No one is talking Abt the her dogs rug at the back
  11. @PeetaTananon: I can 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000%  recognize which one is wich
  12. @universal5166: hi can u make me a rug
  13. @NorrieHeyDuggee: Amazing!
I WANT IT!
  14. @JanGijselhart: i am on my dads laptop but so beter  carpet👍
  15. @aqzart7890: This rug is to good for me
  16. @amayaullah8617: And  can you please  show it  on  YouTube  shots 😊
  17. @amayaullah8617: Can you please make me a rug fluffy flower 🌸 one you mean every thing to me
  18. @ivartroenopawiro7417: Simji can you please do ben ravera
  19. @Cutiez_Sugar_luvzz: Love it❤
  20. @PennyPlaysXx: I love how summit is always so funny and adorable! I just randomly found you from your rig trade shorts and now I can’t stop watching you!

- I Tried Rug Tufting For The First Time: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - Hello friends, and welcome to another video. This week, I'm gonna be trying rug tufting for the first time. And, yes, I am armed and dangerous. (machine whirring) (Safiya chuckles) Now, as some of you guys may know, I love me a satisfying craft video. From making soap from scratch, to acrylic pour art, molten metal casting, hyperrealistic candle making, and whatever this is, not only could I watch this (beep) for hours, but when I fall down a visual ASMR, satisfying craft rabbit hole, I viscerally want it. I want to do it, feel it, be it, become the swirled soap or the cube of jelly wax or the molten aluminum sliding into an aquarium full of Orbeez. And I have tried my hand at a few of these crafts with varying levels of success, but certainly a fair amount of satisfaction. It looks like an amateur Yogurtland experiment, but it's not a fail. And for a while now, I've been seeing these videos about rug tufting, where people will seemingly materialize a rug out of thin air by running a tufting gun loaded up with yarn ever so swiftly along a piece of canvas. And not only are these videos incredibly satisfying, I love seeing the image being slowly built line by line until it's fully complete, I also think the custom rugs that people make are pretty awesome. Like, I've only ever had boring square or rectangular rugs in my life. But you can make pretty much anything, from psychedelic abstract art, to giant tomatoes, to scary monsters, to a dripping declaration that simply says, "horny." Me too, friend, me too. And a few months ago, after getting off our 52-hour train ride across the country, we ended up in my hometown of Chicago, where there just so happened to be a custom rug tufting studio where not only did they already have everything you would need to do some rug tufting, but they were willing to let me take a stab, literally. So I figured even if we're a couple of years late to the trend, why not finally try my hand at making a custom rug myself? Will I be able to make anything cute at all and achieve those satisfying tufting visuals or will this just end up being a big pile of bonerkill? I guess we'll find out. So after hopping off our 52-hour Amtrak train in Chicago, we did hit up a few spots, like this Ancient Roman-inspired bathhouse. - [Tyler] Flo-tarium. Flo-Rida. - [Safiya] Yeah, I think that's what they mean. It's the Florida man pool. - [Tyler] Oh. - [Safiya] And this crazy high-end "The Menu" style restaurant. Still don't know what this is. - [Tyler] This has just been ominously left at our table. - [Safiya] And after getting our ice cream sundaes launched at us. (Safiya laughs) - [Tyler] Oh! - How do I eat it? - I don't know. - [Safiya] We were ready to head to Freestyle Ceramics & Tufting in Bridgeport on the South Side where we met up with Erni, studio owner and master tufter, who was going to be teaching me the ropes, or, rather, the yarn. Freestyle Ceramics & Tufting does have, as the name implies, both a paint-your-own-pottery studio and a rug tufting workshop. Someone tufted a booty. Wow, risque. - Tush tufting? - And it turns out Erni actually added the rug tufting portion of the studio after watching videos of people tufting online. So, kindred spirit. And for someone with absolutely no tufting experience like myself, my first step, besides putting my hair up. So it's not in the rug. We don't make a rug out of my own hair. - Yes. - [Safiya] Was gonna be to get my hands on an actual tufting gun. - Gives you the safety, the technique, everything like that. - Little tutorial. Now, from what I've seen online, these tufting guns basically just seem like magic. - Tap, tap, tap, tap. We're gonna do it really slow, okay? For our first time like that. - [Safiya] But after some investigation, it seems the way these things work is that they have two pistons. One that has a threaded needle at the end of it, which will pierce through the fabric you are tufting and leave a loop of yarn behind, and another piston, which has a pair of scissors on the end, which will follow behind the threaded needle and cut the loop of yarn open to create that nice shaggy effect. So it's not magic. It's just scissors. And after giving me a quick demo, Erni handed over the tufter so I could give it a go. - Some people like to be really, really careful, like, do it really slow. That is okay. And some people like, "Oh, I feel comfortable. I can fly," you know? Exactly. - Yeah, Rambo. (Safiya mimics gun firing) - Rambo. - [Saifya] And I can tell you one thing, Rambo, I am not. - Okay. - [Safiya] Now, a couple of quick things I learned right off the bat. First off, you have to make sure to push the head of the gun into the canvas, otherwise the yarn won't go all the way through and the tufts won't hold. - [Erni] But when you tap, the gun kind of bounce back. - So you have to push more. - So make sure the entire time, you gotta push in. Otherwise this did not really go in. - [Safiya] And you also have to make sure to keep your elbow upright to keep the gun perpendicular to the canvas. - Okay, your gun's not very straight like this. - [Safiya] Oh, got it. There we go. - [Erni] Exactly. - [Safiya] So even if you are spraying yarn like Rambo, you cannot assume a, like, classic Rambo power stance like this. Well, I don't know anything about Rambo actually. - That's how it works. - I just know that one BLACKPINK song. - [Tyler] (mimics gun firing) Rambo. - [Safiya] Yeah (laughs). Besides that, one other thing to remember is that you have to rotate the head of the tufter in order to change direction. - So you wanna turn to the right, push and turn. You gotta turn to the right like this. - [Safiya] You can't just randomly pull the gun to one side without changing the direction of the head or you'll just slash your canvas. - Push to the left. - Push in. - Mm-hmm, turn to the left. - Turn the gun, and go. And contrary to dance floor rules, you do not want to cut the rug. Also, you never wanna tuft upside down. So if you wanna tuft an object like a circle, for example, you wanna start at the bottom, tuft all the way up to the topmost point, then stop, go back to the bottom, and tuft the other side. And all of this seemed pretty straightforward and yet I was not doing so great, guys. - [Erni] So push in. Tap, tap, tap. You're going a little too fast. - Mm, I'm going too fast. - Yeah. - [Safiya] Unlike with some of the other satisfying crafts I've tried, I didn't have any applicable skills in this arena. Can you follow a line? I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Like, molten lipstick and molten chocolate have similar properties. Whipped soap and whipped frosting, not so different. - Very good. - A little bit better. A little bit better, okay. - All right. All right. - That sounded good. - [Safiya] But I have absolutely no experience with weaving, crocheting, needlepointing, or firearms. Wow, this is kind of hard. So I was shooting blind. And even though Tyler and Erni were trying to stay positive, my test stars were looking very asymmetric. - [Erni] Much better already. Look. - Yeah, I mean- - You're making progress. - [Tyler] That's a star. That's a star. - [Safiya] Potentially even disturbing at times. What about this little arm here? - [Tyler] We don't talk about that arm. - [Erni] It's not you. It's me and my drawing. - Thank you for falling on your sword for me, yeah. - My drawing's not good. - [Safiya] And my test circle was truly just a lump. A little lovely lady lump. - [Tyler] That's a lady lump right there, yeah. - [Erni] I mean, I think it's a little bit better than the star. What do you think? - [Safiya] The only saving grace for me was that even though it seemed very difficult to get any of the test shapes to look good from the back, the front wasn't so bad. - Oh! - Perfectly fine, look. - [Safiya] Yeah, it looks cute. - [Erni] Yeah, see, it's very forgiving on this side. Yes. - Oh, it's so soft. - [Erni] Yes, exactly. - I wouldn't say it looked good from up here. All right, I feel maybe a little bit more confident. But it was a bit harder to see how bad it truly was. This looks like the scrawlings of a mad woman. - [Tyler] Zodiac Saf. - [Safiya] So with expectations now at an all-time low, the tutorial round was over. - [Tyler] Looks like she's trying to say something to us. - It's like she's trying to tuft something. I know it. And it was time to try and make an actual rug. Now, as we said before, with rug tufting, you can pretty much tuft anything you want. And though I was tempted to tuft an "also horny" rug, Erni let us know that words, and especially cursive words, are some of the hardest things to do. And we all saw what just went down at the test wall. So we decided to keep our expectations on my ability low and go for something that would be simple enough for my skill level, but still on brand. I'm intimidated. - You're intimidated? - Yeah, I'm a little intimidated. I want to do this. I'm just nervous about it. So our graphic designer Dayana whipped up a very cute what I would call night sky blob. Yay. Okay, that's our image. That Erni projected onto a piece of canvas for me to trace out as a pattern to follow. - [Tyler] You're relocating down there? - (laughs) Don't judge my methods. With some simple elements inside like a moon and some clouds and then a couple of items with a few spicy details to make the design a little more intermediate, specifically our bat and the contours of our bat's little head. And even though it is a pretty simple design, I still think it's cute and I hope you do too. Wow, look at that cloud that Erni definitely didn't help me draw. (all laugh) And once our design was all traced out, it was time to pick out our yarn we were gonna use. The yarn. Hello, yarn. Good morning, yarn. Now, I'd been admiring this rainbow yarn wall in the back pretty much the entire time. - [Erni] Yeah, too much to choose from, right? (Safiya and Erni laugh) - Just silence, just looking. As it seemed like Erni had basically every color of yarn that you could imagine, kind of like the Vogue shoe closet but for yarn. - [Tyler] Let's go to Mood. - [Safiya] Let's go to Mood. And I thoroughly enjoyed this part. - I think it's too bright. - Too bright. - [Tyler] Yeah, it's too bright. - [Safiya] Get outta here. In fact, if Erni is looking for someone to just tend the yarn and help people pick out yarn colors. Ha ha ha. This is fun. I would happily volunteer. And after some careful consideration. Oh, that's not bad. It's a bit lighter, but it has, like, some purple elements in it. We ended up grabbing a deep blue for the night sky, a warm yellow for the twinkling stars. - [Tyler] This one looks more like a "Starry Night" yellow. - A lilac color for the bat, a periwinkle for the clouds, and a white and pink for the moon and its shadow. Ooh, that could be good. - The contrast's actually bigger for this one. - [Safiya] A pretty good color palette, in my opinion. - I like it. - I think could be a cute rug. - [Tyler] I think it's definitely gonna be a cute rug. - [Safiya] But after stalling at the yarn wall, it was time to try and tuft this thing. And Erni explained that the best strategy here would be to tuft to each individual element of the design first, and then do the background last to make sure that the elements were as clear and defined as possible and didn't get crowded out, starting with the moon since it was the largest and simplest shape. - [Erni] And then we can do the cloud, the star, and then we save the bat. - Save the bat for last. - Yeah, for last. - [Safiya] But even though it was supposed to be the easiest, that didn't mean I still couldn't mess it up. Ah! All right. - [Erni] Okay, I'm going to turn this on for you and then you turn the gun to that direction and then tap, tap, tap. - [Safiya] And with everyone holding their breath, I went for my first stroke, and somehow from the depths of my soul. - [Tyler] Hell yeah, dude. - [Safiya] Pulled out a decently even, nicely curved, continuously tufted line for the outer rim of our moon. - [Erni] Oh, very good. Yay. Perfect. - [Tyler] That's perfect? - Should I repeat that? That is perfect. (Erni and Safiya laugh) - And we all breathed a collective sigh of relief. No, I don't know if I'll ever be able to recreate that moment. - [Tyler] Why don't we call it quits? (Erni laughs) I might have just peaked. - So let me finish remaining. - [Tyler] The rest of the video is just Erni's face deepfaked onto yours. - [Erni] I have to paint in the same nail polish and then we do it. - [Safiya] I think after the tutorial, even I was thinking we may not end up with a finished rug at all, but here was a glimmer of hope and dare I say I was building some momentum. Although, it didn't hurt that I had both Tyler and Erni watching my every move like a hawk. - [Tyler] Keep that pressure up. Back hand perpendicular. Don't tilt. - [Safiya] So I don't know if I can take all the credit. I like how you're like my coach. - [Tyler] Well, I'm, like, looking right at your hands. - [Safiya] And after three more lines to finish the outline of the moon. Bada-bing. It's my little pet. It's soft already. It was time to fill in the moon by basically tufting long vertical strokes in the inside of it. - [Tyler] Keep that parallel. - Yeah, you can't go to the other side. I need you over here. (Safiya and Tyler laugh) - [Safiya] And I feel like we were kind of getting into a rhythm, the tufting gun and I. I'll try and go a little tighter maybe. Oh, turn on. I literally forget every time. I'm just like ready to go. - [Tyler] But that's good safety protocol. - [Safiya] We started off as foes and now we were more like friend adjacent. You know what, Ty, what the tufting gun would be good for? - [Tyler] What? - Remember that, like, electronics symphony, like "Toxic" by Britney Spears played on electric toothbrushes? - [Tyler] Oh, it'd be great for that. - [Safiya] It would be so good at that, right? - [Tyler] It does have a little bit of a melody to it. - [Safiya] It does. (laughs) But before we could send the tufting gun to the Device Orchestra, (device orchestra music) we still had a lot more rug left to tuft. Woo, all right. What do we think? - Very nice. - Yeah? - [Erni] Yes, you're done with the moon. - Done. - Yeah! - Done with the moon. Oh, it looks pretty good. - [Tyler] Yeah, right? - [Safiya] It looks shaggy, fuzzy. - Oh, it feels so nice. - Yeah, baby. - [Tyler] Oh, Cosmo's gonna love this. - Oh my God. Are you kidding? Cosmo will just undo all of my work. - [Tyler] That is true. - One of Cosmo's signature moves is to detuft rugs, actually. So next up, in order of increasing difficulty, we had to add the purple shadow to our moon, which was kind of intimidating because I had to match the curve of the moon that I had just made. Oh, nope. Mm, yep. And since it was kind of a skinny element, rather than filling it in with straight up and down vertical lines. - [Erni] I would recommend to curve your gun to fill in like this. - Let's see if we can do that. - Yeah! (laughs) - [Safiya] Let's see if we can do that. So I attempted a few curvaceous banana hammocks to fill in our shadow. And even though I had kind of a rogue tufting moment here where one of my tufts fell out, I learned that some mistakes are easily fixed by a little detour of stitches. - Let me see this side. - This little maneuver. - No, it's good. This side looks good. - Little sneaky sneak. So I'm gonna continue to claim I was doing well so far. It kind of looks like a little, like, wig. - [Tyler] It looks a little bit like a mohawk, yeah. - [Safiya] Yeah, like a mohawk. A moon-hawk. - [Tyler] Yeah, or like a unicorn. - [Safiya] And we also decided to double down on our moon-hawk by adding on a little moon goatee. - Soul patch. - A soul patch, yeah. And then we were ready to move on to our two clouds, one of which was high enough on the canvas so that I had to stand and tuft, which it turns out I'm not very good at. I'm really bad when I'm standing. - [Tyler] You are bad when you're standing. - [Safiya] It's just something about it. Like, I can't stand and think. - [Tyler] Can't stand and tuft. You can't stand and think, actually. - [Safiya] (laughs) I don't have enough blood in my brain. I think it might be something about the angle or the visibility. I guess I'm just not that good at standing. How do you feel about that? Very good. - [Safiya] Oh, I was holding my breath the whole time. - Were you? - [Tyler] Yeah, I was clenching my butt, yeah. - But after filling in cloud number one and successfully humping cloud number two. Coming around the mountain. All right, now I'm starting back in the valley, returning to the hump. - [Tyler] Return to hump. - [Safiya] Everything was looking pretty good. Boom. - Beautiful. - Clouds. And we were ready to move on to our three stars. This is the exact kind of spot where I could just ruin it completely. - [Tyler] Don't say that. - [Safiya] It is though. Ah, some foreshadowing. Now, because our stars were more like twinkles, they were made up of four curves that did have to be kind of identical. Do I take it out? Turn it back? Let's go, let's go. - Let's go. And I did have a bit of a hard time replicating the curves from one side to the next, so they ended up looking a bit wonky. The head is a little thicker than the bottom. - Don't worry about that. - Okay. (laughs) And I found that filling in our stars was also pretty difficult since they were so small. Is that okay? - That's okay. - Yeah, I'm getting a little messy over here. But after attempting to make our first star as cute as possible using almost like the same kind of technique you would use to try and fix uneven eyeliner. Should we add like a little more here or no? Is that not possible? - To balance a little bit? - If you wanted to. Yeah, we can add a little bit more here. - [Safiya] A little more over here and then a little more over there. Yeah, I think that looks a little bit better. I moved on to the other two stars to see if I could do any better. (laughs) It's a little crazy back here. How does it look? - It doesn't matter. It looks good on the other side. - (laughs) And though there may have been incremental improvements, it still wasn't great. So party in the back, business in the front? Business in the front, party in the back? - [Erni] Yeah. - Party in the front, awful in the back? This could also have been like an endurance problem. I actually think that the mullet principle, like, heavily applies to rug tufting. (Tyler laughs) Because after a few hours of working on our rug, I was certainly feeling the burn in my hands and arms. So I regret to say that the stars did leave something to be desired. The second star looks good. The third star looks like a merkin. (laughs) But merkin or not, it was time to move on to our hardest element: the bat. Now, we'd been dreading the bat the entire time because not only was it a complex shape, but it was also symmetrical and small. Here goes nothing. Oh! - No, it's okay. - [Safiya] And even though the bat shape had lots of peaks and valleys, Erni suggested that we tuft it in just a few continuous strokes. - [Tyler] Get that curve. Here you go. Discard that stool. You don't need a stool. - [Safiya] Get outta here, stool. Like with the bottom of the wing, which was absolutely terrifying, but went okay. (Safiya sighs) - What do we think? - See? - That's not bad at all. - [Safiya] Unfortunately, I learned as I went, so my second wing was better, resulting in the two wings being kind of different looking. - All right! - Ooh, that's a wing. - Yeah, you think? - That's Morbin Time. - [Safiya] And then for the top of the wings, we went for like a swoop and a swoop, which I then had to attempt and mirror on the other side as well. - Same thing. Finish this side. Let's talk about the head later, but yeah. - We'll talk about the head later. - Yeah, let's finish that part. - We'll worry about the head later. - [Tyler] That's a whole five minutes away right now, okay? - [Tyler] That might never even happen. A comet might hit us. So don't worry about it. finishing off the wings, there was no way around it. It was time to approach the head. Now, originally our bat head was made up of quite a few lines and two very tiny ears. But given the size of the canvas and the fact that my aim was still a work in progress, Erni helped us slightly alter the design to be more like three concave curves. - [Erni] Should it be like this instead? - Right? - And thank God we altered it because I could barely do this. That was just a straight line. I need more curve. - Yeah, get more action there. - [Safiya] The small design meant I was kind of like shooting blind into the shag like a bat in a cave. Like that? Yes, I think that's better definition for sure. - [Safiya] And I actually did make a few tufting mistakes here. What does that look like on the other side? - Ooh. - A little funky? Are we missing one stitch at the end? - [Erni] It looks like it. - [Safiya] And though you can kind of pull out a few tufts and try a stroke again, you can't really do that more than once in any given area. - [Erni] One more. Okay. Ugh. - [Safiya] Or you will strip your canvas kind of like how you can strip a screw. - Can I go in? - [Safiya] So Erni may or may not have given me a pinch tuft to finish off little batty's head. - [Tyler] Look at that. Look at that. - [Safiya] That definitely looks like a bat. - [Tyler] Look at that. That looks like a bat. - [Safiya] That looks like a bat. And even though he looked a little fluffy from the front, we were ready to fill him in. What do you think, Ty? - Looking great. - Shagadelic? - Shagadelic. - (laughs) It could easily be un-shagadelic very quickly. And with that, we finally had all our elements tufted. - [Erni] I think yours is good. - That's good. - Wow. - Yeah, it looks okay? - Are you surprised? - No, I'm not. Why would I be surprised? That's expected, right? - You sound a little surprised. And we were ready to implement our night sky. - [Tyler] It's a nice bushy bat. - (laughs) A bushy bat? - No, it is. - [Safiya] So on the road to finishing our rug, we then had to outline the rug itself. So our actual night sky blob shape. - [Tyler] It looks kinda like a giant fried egg. - [Safiya] It is giving, it is giving egg, yeah. And then we also had to outline all of our elements in our background yarn color, which is meant to help define the shape of all of the different elements in your rug and also make sure that the yarn inside those elements is nice and densely packed. Ready? Here goes nothing. - [Tyler] All right, stay frosty here. - [Safiya] That did mean I had to basically retuft all of the same shapes of everything I had just tufted, which wasn't easy, especially with our bat and my sworn enemy, our bat's head and ears. - Last part. - Here we go. But even though it took me a while, I do think it helped add some definition to our little guy. Like that, question mark? - Let me see. - [Safiya] Even if he had a wonky ear or two. - [Tyler] Kind of like a devil ear. Oh! That little trim worked. That looks amazing. - I think it's good. - [Tyler] Yeah, you gotta come around and look at it. - I'm coming. And I think we could call that outlined. Oh, he's cute, isn't he? I mean, are we really gonna do better than that? - [Tyler] No. - [Safiya] And with everything outlined, the thing I actually think I did the worst on was the stars. - [Tyler] Probably. - [Safiya] We were ready for our final tufts. Now we fill it in. - [Safiya] AKA filling in our background with long vertical strokes. - [Tyler] Look at that. Look at that line. - All right, so a bunch more of those. - [Erni] Yeah, a bunch more of those, exactly. - [Safiya] Which is kind of tedious work, but it's much easier than tufting actual shapes and it does really give off some satisfying time-lapse visuals. - [Tyler] It's like in, like, Kid Pix when you have, like, the fill in. - [Safiya] You know what? It sounds like Kid Pix right now. - [Tyler] It does. Oh, no. Oh, no. - [Safiya] I actually found this part to be kind of fun and chill. - It's very fulfilling after you finish this part. - [Safiya] But we had been tufting for a few hours already and in order to make sure Erni didn't have to keep her store open into the night for us to finish our rug, she and I tag teamed this part a bit just because I was going pretty slow and deliberate and Erni was obviously much faster. She is the master tufter after all. So we were soaring, nay, flying across the canvas. And after doing this for quite a while. Last little patch. Ready? - Little baldy over here. - [Tyler] Yeah, yeah, yeah. - We finally arrived at our last strokes. And after a quick tap, tap, tap. Sounding good? Is it sounding good? - Well, it passed my check. Amazingly, we were done tufting. - [Tyler] Wow, it really does look like the graphic. - Do you think I did Dayana proud? - [Tyler] I think so. - I'm sorry about the stars, Dayana. And we only had a few things left to do before we could take our rug home with us. First we rolled a bunch of glue on the backside of our rug to seal the stitches in and make sure our tufts didn't fall out. My arms are tired, I'm gonna have to be honest. This gluing is a lot easier than using the gun, but, like, I'm like (groans), like, tired. Next, Erni swooped in with a heat gun to quickly seal the glue and make sure it was dry. After which, we cut our night sky blob out of the canvas to free it from its earthly tether. Smells like hot glue back here. Smells good. Voila, a rug and a hole. Next up, Erni and her associate Susan attached an actual rug backing to our rug with traction pads and everything. Like bath mat style, right? Like a little non-slip action. And then our final step was to shave this bad boy. - [Tyler] It looks amazing. - [Safiya] It's fuzzy, just like it's mama. Now, I've seen people shave their creations in a lot of the rug tufting videos I've watched. I actually find it to be a pretty satisfying step in the process. Oh. - [Safiya] Oh. But after having come so far, I was a little nervous that my tired hands could slip and somehow shave my rug bald. All right, high stakes. - [Tyler] How's your hand feeling, Saf? - Tired. - [Safiya] But after a few swipes at shaving the test wall. - [Tyler] Sponsored by Manscaped. - [Safiya] By Manscaped? That would actually be a really smooth integration. It was time for me to dig in. All right, I'm gonna just try one over here in the dark just to see. Now, this was pretty tricky because you actually don't want to dig in with the clippers since that could cause a crater in the rug, but if you don't go deep enough, you actually won't end up shaving anything at all. Is that better? - Yep, yep, better. Yes, now you're not pulling out yarn. You're actually trimming it. - So you have to be very level and at the exact right height. (clippers whirring) (Safiya squealing) And it's not that I was awful at this, but I just really didn't wanna mess up all of our hard work at the last second. Should I hand it off? - I'm, like, terrified. In my defense, Erni doesn't usually let her beginner students shave their rugs themselves, but having seen it so many times, I was happy to have at least tried it. And after another pass from Susan, she was all shaved. - Wow, beautiful. Yeah, I'm glad that I didn't do it. And with all of that, we had a finished rug, baby. - [Erni] Hooray, we're done. Yes, finally. Woohoo! - Finally! - Get out of my studio. - Bye. - [Safiya] Now, I'm not gonna lie, that took us a while. Partially because everything is always a bit slower when you're filming it and I was tufting very deliberately, but it's kind of crazy to think about how many TikToks about rug tufting are, like, a minute long and it took us hours to tuft a rug even of this size. - [Erni] About seven hours, right? - Seven hours of blood, sweat, and tears right here. - [Tyler] How's your hand feeling? - Mm, a little numb. However, I am pretty happy with the final product, especially considering how we started off the day. - [Tyler] Yeah, no, it was in train wreck territory. - [Safiya] Now that's what I call character development. But now that I've learned a little bit about some of the ins and outs of rug tufting, I feel like I could do even better the next time around. - [Tyler] You have the itch to come back. - [Safiya] I have the itch to come back - Next time, you will just fly through it. - So in this satisfying craft rodeo, even though I had a few stumbles, I feel like we successfully rode the bucking bronco that was the tufting gun. Thank you for having us. This was so fun. I'll shake your hand and then I'm gonna put my hand in ice for the rest of the night. - All right. Thank you. Thank you for coming. - This is the last action of my right hand for the rest of the evening. And as for this guy, even though he's technically a rug, I feel like we put in too much work on him to put him on the ground. I think we should hang him up somewhere like a baby blobbish tapestry at the very least to save him from Cosmo's jaws. Thank you guys so much for watching. If you liked that video, make sure to smash that Like button, and if you wanna see more videos like this, make sure to smash that subscribe button. Here are our short-form/social media handles and here's our merch website. And with that, I will see you guys a-next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @safiya [4000 likes]: HELLO FRIENDS!! today, i am armed and dangerous - and you better watch out!! 🧶i hope you guys enjoy this quick video that escaped from our footage vault after a year 😱what did you think of our final rug? would you try rug tufting? and what craft should we try next?? xoxo, saf
  2. @katherinealexander7333 [3 likes]: 3:50 close! It’s actually magic
  3. @iLikeMusicccc [1 likes]: U need to meet simji
  4. @SydneyB-x1d: My question was, where’s her jacket from, but it was already linked 🫡
  5. @amandadetaylor: Wow I didn't know it was this much work, glad to see it was worth all your hard work
  6. @jjco114: As a person whose toxic trait is looking at any given craft activity and going “I can figure out how to do that” - I realllyyyy vibe with your craft content 🤭
  7. @merandawilliams1794: Ah yes.... back on my Safiya binge😂
  8. @megsmith6758: If I need a degree to understand how to eat my meal, I don’t want it 😅 2:30
  9. @CarlosFandango73: I'm the Male equivalent to you, subscribed
  10. @hannahh1ghley: “or firearms” HAHAH
  11. @TiniMini92: I LOVE this, the rug looks AMAZING <3 I want to try <3 And I LOVE the art <3
  12. @miggymiggyorg: How rich are you 😂
  13. @auntygrandpa7460: I loved this video!
  14. @invi1: Wow that was sooo cool, and knowing there are studio to go, learn, have a maybe one time experience, it's crazy. I love crafting so that's a dream place for me. And the result is reallly good.
  15. @geartime4: look at any scrap of test fabric someone who uses a sewing machine has, and it's the same chaos of different lines and patterns as when she finished the practice tufting.
  16. @Gummywormz-y9j: I’m in Chicago rn!
  17. @meowmeow1244: I love aires spa
  18. @blub-x7w: she floats like me. I’ve been in water since elementary school, but as soon as my feet cannot touch the bottom of the pool, I simply sink. UNLESS I’m paddling on my back. if I even get stuck in titantic version 2, I’m definitely just going to paddle backwards until I reach the shore. some shore. or any shore. whichever comes first.
  19. @GorditaGuerita: Seriously hoping you give rug tufting another go soon!
  20. @kierstenmmoore: This was a fun watch. I've never seen this creator before and decided to give it a go. The whole time I was watching, I was like...why does she sound familiar....then it hit me. She sounds like Frasier's ex-wife Lilith lol. Hope that isn't an insult. It was enjoyable and I'll check out our other content :)

- Don't use FACEBOOK ADS if this is you...: Kind: captions Language: en all the videos i've been doing on my youtube channel are somewhat based on experience things that i've gone through while building my business mistakes i've made things that have worked well for me so everything that i do is based on my own experience because i want to help you save time and really do what you know i feel is working um the best and this video i think is going to be quite short but it i wanted to touch base on um growing organically versus paying for facebook ads and i want to talk about my personal experience of wasting 5k so 5 000 uh in facebook ads when i started my business and why it didn't work for me uh so i want to make sure that you understand that i am not saying that facebook ads don't work i'm saying that for this particular case and when i decided to use facebook ads it just didn't help me grow at all this is chris from kvm design an online firm that supports interior designers worldwide with their workload by delegating to our team designers are able to free up some of their time to work on nailing their deadlines they can nurture their clients and improve their services their they can work on strategies to work more on their business rather than in it and that as a result they can scale their business because they have more time to be a ceo and they don't have to do everything in their business there are site warriors in my building so i hope you can't hear any of it if you do i'm sorry i can do anything about it and i have to get this video done uh so yes i just want to talk to you about some of the few reasons why facebook ads didn't work so in 2017 when i decided to start my online business i hired a marketing company based in new york to help me build everything i needed so sales funnels email marketing everything that you need to get started online and they basically recommended that i should spend around um fifteen hundred dollars per month in facebook ads to reach my target like my ideal client basically and later on i did my own research much better than i had the first time because i just trusted that they knew what they were telling me i also interviewed a facebook ads expert and the advice that she gave me was pretty different the reason why i decided to spend money on facebook ads right at the beginning is because i was very confused as to how and where i would be finding my clients i kind of had an idea of who my ideal client was who i was targeting and i just didn't know what i was supposed to do every day and i think that's the main problem is thinking that if you pay then you will get you will get clients you can just sit back relax keep on traveling and you will get the clients and it's not the way that it works you need to put in the work you need to understand who you're serving uh who you're trying to help and what you can bring to the table that will show them that you know what you're talking about so i think number one reason is because when you get started online on online or even you know with the local business once when you start a business you need to understand your ideal clients you need to share valuable content that will speak to them and if you have very little content and you just start doing ads then they're not going to find anything whether it's on instagram or facebook or linkedin they're not going to find anything that will speak to them or not much at least number two because you haven't spent the time sharing anything and trying to talk to them you're not going to be able to talk to their pain points their struggles so you don't really understand who uh you're targeting you don't really understand who your ideal client is until you understand what the problem is and because you're trying to be the solution you need to understand what their struggles are the third reason is that when you grow organically you're not going to get 50 clients on the same day so because you're growing slowly you're able to serve your ideal client as best as you can and if imagine that the facebook ads work and you get tons of clients you're because you're not even clear about who your ideal client is you're not going to be able to serve them because you won't be clear about what they need your service is not going to match their expectations and you're not going to be able to deliver because you're going to get too many people uh for your you know for the hours of your day that you have to help them for me starting a business means spending the time to understand who you're really trying to talk to you know it's great if you start from a place where you already have a lot of contacts you just have to network maybe you worked for a firm and then you started your own and you have a lot of people that will be willing to work with you in the beginning but if it's not the keys if if like me you're trying to start from scratch you're going to have to be prepared to spend months weeks years almost earning nothing because you need to put in the work of trying to understand really who your ideal plan is what their pain points are and how you are the solution that they're looking for spent years and i'm still spending almost all my time trying to refine my offer understand and speak to my clients i speak to them regularly because i want to know if there is something new that i can help them with because it helps me improve my existing services it helps me bring to the table new services that i know that they need and and it's really important to create this contact with your clients i've managed to grow organically from zero to 10k now i'm at the stage where i technically am you know i should be spending a little bit of money on ads i'm going to start very slowly because i really do believe that you can do a lot organically but if i were to start running ads it's because now after two plus years i know exactly who i'm talking to i know my ideal client i could really write down a detailed profile of who they are what they like how old they are if they have kids if they're married so this is really going to help me um start doing ads knowing who i'm talking to and what they want from me running as i feel like kind of detached from my clients i am not directly or clients or prospects i'm not directly talking to them so i need to make sure that my message corresponds to what what they need so if i were to do that now all over again i would never do that at the beginning because i needed that time to understand who i was serving and one of the big reasons why i didn't work is because the ideal client who i thought i was serving back then is completely different to to my ideal client right now uh so definitely spending the time to understand who you're talking to is key and you can only do so if you're going to be talking to people and you're going to start getting one client two clients three clients and slowly you'll be able to create a profile like see similarities between them and create a profile of who you're trying to help so when i talk to sarah who is a facebook she did say that she doesn't recommend people using ads when they first get started that facebook ads are fantastic if you have a solid business you have a solid offer a business that's making good money that has clients because people who are going to see your facebook ads if your messaging is right they will have they will be able to see testimonials they will be able to see content that speaks to them so this is definitely going to help you another thing that she told me is that you should always start running ads on the platform that has been working for you organically so facebook and instagram now i mean they're the same company right but you can decide if you want the ads to run just on facebook just on instagram or both platforms she said that when you get started with ads it's great to run ads on both platforms because you're gonna be able to compare so you can assess the results after a month or two maybe and you can see where he has are getting the best results so yeah that was a short video to tell you about my experience with facebook ads whether it's facebook i guess the budget that you need for facebook ads is a lot higher than instagram ads because you can promote a post for a very small budget on instagram and it's not the case for facebook what the marketing company had told me is that you need to put in considerable considerable amounts of money on facebook to start to see results uh and that's why i spent 5k and you know after that i decided you know what i'm going to spend all my savings on this and i'm not sure this is working for me i hope this video was helpful as i said my recommendation if you're starting your own business is to start organically because it's going to help you understand who you're serving what they need what their problems are what their pain points are and how you are the solution to their pain points if you like this video please give it a like and subscribe for more videos about business growth and delegating see you in the next video

- How I get experts to teach me Facebook Ad design for free!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys today I want to talk about how to learn how to fulfill a specific type of clients needs in digital marketing your first time doing it so before you've ever done it before now as you guys know if you've been following my channel one of my recent initiatives is targeted real estate agents and providing them the service of month to month Facebook advertising and in return they pay me a management fee and of course pay for their own ad spend so now that I have one realtor agent signed up and a second one hopefully going to be signed up after my meeting with them tomorrow I need to learn how to actually effectively get these real estate agent leads now a lot of people would think well Shawn you probably should have learned this before you got the client but I would say that's the incorrect method when it comes to starting a business when you start a business you should only spend time learning something when you're already certain that you have a revenue stream waiting for you there after you learn how to do it so for me I know I learned how to do proper Facebook advertising landing pages real estate I already have a paying client that to paying me to do that so without behind us how do I go about learning it well it's actually really simple what I did is I went on Google I found four other digital marketing agencies that specialize in providing services to real estate agents I call pretending to be a real estate agent and I asked them all the details about how they're going to provide their services for me and they will just open up and tell you everything because of course they're trying to sell you they think I'm a real estate agent so for example one of them even gave me linked to their demo landing pages sent me full pictures of the Facebook app that they use now I get this from four different companies I look at it I apply my own underst digital marketing and from there I can come up with an effective campaign for my client this is by far the quickest way to learn how to do something new so it's maybe you know just a tad sneaky you do have to call and pretend that you're looking for their services when you're actually just collecting information but you know people in business do this all the time and there's no quicker way to learn the secrets of digital marketing in a specific niche then having collecting proposals from other people who also do that have been doing it for a long time another benefit is I get an idea of where my pricing sits compared to other people's pricings so based on my research prices range from 250 to 500 dollars a month for managing these real estate campaigns me at 350 per month I'm sort of right in the middle slightly to the lower end which is exactly where I want to be you know as a small agency I don't have a lot of overhead and that 350 is almost entirely profit for me so a lot of these agencies you know rent out large office spaces and they might charge 500 but when you do the accounting it ends up you know 200 that is just going to pay the least for their office space so that's kind of an aside but the point of this video guys is if you're starting a business digital marketing or something else do your research and debt proposals and real proposals and real examples from other businesses already working in your industry you know there's a famous quote I don't remember who said it but the quote goes like this good artists coffee and great artists steal now it's kind of a tongue-in-cheek quote I don't obviously recommend you break any copyright laws and actually steal anything but what the quote tells us is that there's nothing wrong and using other people's that try to intrude ideas modifying them a little bit and essentially following that same model which is a quote I'm gonna do to have successful campaigns with my real estate agents do you guys have liked this video please like comment and subscribe it means a lot to me and until next time guys see you later

  Top Comments:
  1. @yogandersingh1020 [1 likes]: Real Gem💎
  2. @tylerrutt17: Thats an absolutely genius move. Definitely gonna use it. :)

- How To Create a High Converting Ad Creative 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en So how do you create an eye-catching ad? One that stops scrolls, captures leads, and generates conversions. Well, in this video I'm sharing with you 5 tips straight from my own amazing social media manager, who creates every single one of the Copy Posse creatives, from our carousel posts on Instagram to our ad creatives. So this is going to be juicy. Keep watching. Hey, Posse, what's up? It's Alex coming at you this week with a video that's a little bit outside my typical copywriting tutorial. This week, we are flipping the script and taking a look at the other crucial elements that go into every successful ad campaign. But first if you're new to the crew welcome. Right here on my channel, you'll learn about the modern marketing trends, tactics and tools that are working today, so you know what to do. Be sure to hit subscribe below, and don't forget to ring that bell to be notified when my next tutorial goes live. Now, because I have a lot of copywriters who subscribe to my channel. Hey guys. I want to start this video off with a big fat disclaimer. If you've been around here for a while, then chances are pretty good that you've heard me say this time and time again. But as a copywriter, it is not your job to worry about running or optimizing ad campaigns. Your job is to only write the copy. Period, the end. Nothing else is needed or required from you in order to land clients. However, there may come a time in your career where you wanna expand your skills to better serve those clients. Maybe that means you wanna learn more about building a marketing funnel, or running ads, or tracking metrics, or optimizing websites for SEO. Or maybe you wanna learn everything else that's involved with running a really great campaign on top of the copy. These are all great skills to learn and can really enhance your copywriting skills. But I repeat, you do not need to learn them in order to be a highly paid and successful copywriter. Now that we've got that outta the way, let's dive in. Now, when it comes to ads or social media in general, what you need to remember is that most people aren't on these apps for anything more than a quick dopamine boost, which means most of us are not scrolling slowly or intentionally, right? We scroll fast and we generally only stop and read posts from people or brands we wanna stay updated with, or if something catches our eye, or something about it is relevant to us. So it goes without saying that your ad creative is hugely important and a major factor on whether or not your ad is read at all. So what goes into a great ad creative that stops the scroll and converts like crazy? Well, I ask you to consider these 5 things. Number one, the text overlay. So adding text on top of your ad creative is a really great way to instantly communicate something important to your audience and to capture their attention. Kind of like the YouTube thumbnail that you clicked in order to watch this video. But there is a catch. According to Facebook, images with 20% or less text usually perform better. This is so important that actually, Facebook used to have a 20% rule where they wouldn't even allow you to run an ad at all if the text covered more than 20% of the image. Since then, they've done away with the rule, but it is still wise to follow those guidelines. Moving on to number two, a catchy hook. Okay, so you know you have to put text there, but what do you say? When it comes to your copy, what do you actually put in that text overlay? How do you best utilize this real estate? Remember, people are really quickly scanning when they're scrolling through feeds, and your Instagram, and your Facebook. So you really wanna use your best marketing brain here and write a great hook. So think of something short, easy to digest at first glance, and often the most important thing, it needs to communicate what your offer is, does or has. So you really wanna pack a serious punch in as few words as possible. So you can see in this ad, we are clearly communicating what the offer is, my 5-day Write and Ignite Challenge. And we are communicating the big benefit, learn how to write a high converting sales page. All right, number three on my list, real people and real proof. So my team has done a lot of testing on this, and the results are always the same. Ads that showcase real people always outperform ads that don't have any people in them. And we're not the only ones that have come to this conclusion. Studies actually show that 91.7% of ads featuring a person's face attract more attention than non-face ads. Why, you might be wondering. Well, it makes sense if you think about it. Humans are social creatures. So back in the day when humans were hunter and gatherers and traveled around in tribes, other humans actually meant safety, and food, and community, and shelter. The isolated human usually didn't survive, and if they did, they weren't likely thriving. So over thousands of years of evolution, our brains have actually become hardwired to look for faces. Isn't that crazy? And that wiring is still active in our brains today, even if we're not aware of it. And we're even able to detect faces twice as fast as other stimuli. Isn't that epic? Alright, so moving on to number four on my list, credibility. So another thing we like to do with all of our ads is to include credibility in the creative, and there are a few ways that we like to do this. If it's a static single graphic ad, then we'll add what I like to call a credibility banner. This is usually a little banner that you see that says something like, "Featured in Forbes" or "2022 Digital Marketer of the Year." Now, another way that you can look at this is by adding social proof, and we do this with a lot of our carousel type ads, where the font image will be the main image that is capturing attention and communicating the important stuff. And then the subsequent images are actually social proof testimonials and quotes taken directly from my students. And number five is, of course, a crystal clear CTA. So always, always, always, the last thing your ad must do is tell people what to do next. Yes, this is the most important part, even for the creative itself. So you can see in this ad right here is we have a CTA on the first image that says "Join the challenge." And of course, we repeat that CTA in other places throughout the ad copy, and as well down by the button. So when it comes to your ad creatives, just remember, at a quick glance, you really need to communicate what the offer is, how it benefits the reader, or how it's relevant to them, and what action you want them to take next. And shout out to my social media manager for sharing her secrets with us today. What do you guys wanna learn about next? Let me know in the comments below. Like this video if you found it helpful. Until next time, I'm Alex. Ciao for now. Alright, guys, if you enjoyed that video, make sure to check out the next one from me right here, and you can click right here to get a free gift. Today, I'm sharing my 5-step framework for writing Facebook ads that get more clicks, generate more leads, and stop scrollers dead in their tracks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexCattoni [1 likes]: Watch to the end to discover the 3 things all ads need to communicate in 2 seconds or less 👀 Then comment below and let me know your favorite tip! ⬇
  2. @AmyAnderson-l5m: The 2-second rule is tough but so true for today's short attention spans! Excited to A/B test some new, concise hooks and bolder text overlays based on these tips.
  3. @aimy-y7g: The 2-second rule is brutal, but the text overlay strategies make it feel achievable! Definitely going to A/B test some new, bolder approaches to see what really sticks.
  4. @malloree-k1v: That 2-second rule is no joke! Definitely going to focus on crafting a super compelling hook and experimenting with different text overlays to grab attention fast.
  5. @korneli-d2w: The 2-second rule is intimidating but makes total sense! I'm already brainstorming ways to sharpen my hooks and make those first few seconds count. Thanks for the actionable strategies!
  6. @AjaKulish: The 2-second rule is a tough love slap in the face, but the text overlay tips give me a solid starting point for grabbing attention instantly! Going to A/B test different approaches and see what resonates.
  7. @burlmincey: That 2-second rule is intense, but so true! Going to focus on crafting some seriously punchy visuals and testing different text overlays.
  8. @deirdreharms: The 2-second rule is daunting, but these text overlay and hook strategies are inspiring! Time to embrace the challenge and A/B test some new approaches. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  9. @KatiePayne-u7r: Focusing on the 2-second hook and strategic text overlays – brilliant! Off to A/B test these strategies and see how they impact conversion rates. Thanks for the actionable advice!
  10. @daves-x4y: The 2-second rule is brutal, but the text overlay and hook tips are pure genius! Going to experiment with these and see how they boost engagement in the first moments. Thanks for the actionable advice!
  11. @andrena-b8k: Great advice! The 2-second rule is a wake-up call, and the text overlay tips provide a clear path to testing more effective hooks. Time to get creative and optimize for that instant "stop the scroll" moment!
  12. @SarahFuller-v5g: The 2-second rule is definitely a wake-up call! I'm pumped to A/B test some punchier hooks and clearer text overlays to see what really resonates with my audience.
  13. @nadavgallagher: The 2-second rule is brilliant and definitely a challenge I'm accepting – time to A/B test some killer hooks and CTAs! This video is packed with actionable strategies to make our ads pop. Thanks for sharing!
  14. @urena-s8o: The 2-second rule is intimidating, but the text overlay tips are giving me some great ideas! Time to A/B test some bolder headlines and see what sticks. Thanks for the actionable advice!
  15. @elison-q2s: That 2-second rule is brutal but brilliant. Time to distill everything down to its purest, most attention-grabbing form and A/B test like crazy!
  16. @pare-r1e: The 2-second rule is definitely a challenge, but the text overlay tips give me a great starting point for simplifying my message and making it pop! Can't wait to A/B test different visual hooks and see what resonates.
  17. @aleecia-y4v: That 2-second rule is a tough but necessary challenge! It's inspiring me to think about how I can distill my message down to its absolute essence.
  18. @danessamorrell: That 2-second rule is a tough but crucial discipline! Excited to see how focused messaging and bolder text overlays impact ad performance; thanks for the clear strategies!
  19. @reseda-c3h: The 2-second rule and text overlay tips are super helpful! I'm excited to A/B test these and see what kind of impact they have on my click-through rates. Thanks for the actionable advice!
  20. @mirmonexplains: Very helpful thank you!!

- How to Run Facebook Ads for Interior Designers (Step-by-Step Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. If you are an interior designer based in India and you have been thinking how do I actually run Facebook or Instagram ads that get me real leads not junk, then this video for you because today I'm going to show you step by step how to set up a high converting Facebook ad campaign that's designed specifically for interior designers and architects. Now this isn't just any theory. This is the same system that we have been utilizing for our clients to generate qualified leads, people who are ready to move forward, not just click around. So let's get started. So before you open Facebook ad manager, uh you need to be clear on three things. Who you are targeting. Example 28 to 55 year old homeowners in specific home income areas of Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad, Mumbai like working professionals, couples buying new homes, families renovating old ones. Second, what you are offering. So avoid generic phrases like interior design services. Instead say we help 2 BHK, 3BHK homeowners in Mumbai get their interiors done in 45 days. Modular turnkey solutions, EMI options available. Okay. Now number three, what makes you different? So this is where most campaigns fail. Your hook should reflect speed, design style, pricing model or trust. So you could utilize something like free consultation, transparent pricing, 5-year warranty, 3 week delivery promise, in-house team, and you will use this message later in the ad copy video and form. Now let's come to the video. Let's build your campaign first. All right, let's start by setting up your first meta campaign to generate quality leads for your interior design business. So we'll keep things simple and practical. Once you start getting good results, we can explore advanced topics like scaling, campaign optimization, or reducing your cost per lead. So, first head over to your Meta Ads Manager dashboard. So, this is how the dashboard will look like, not boost post. Please don't do that. So, you'll see a green button that says create. Click on that. Now, when it asks you to select an objective, choose leads. Now, this tells Meta that you want to get people to fill a form and inquire about your services. Now click on continue after selecting it. Now you will notice there are three levels to the campaign setup. First is the campaign. This is where you define your main goal. In this case generating interior design leads. Second is adset. So this is where you define your targeting location. Now third is ad. This is your actual video image caption and lead form. Now let's start with the campaign level. Give your campaign a clear name. For example, Mumbai interior leads for July 2025. Okay. Now, this helps you stay organized especially when you start running ads in multiple cities. So now very important if you're running ads as an interior designer or architect you need to select special ad category because meta requires you to select a special ad category because this falls under the housing category. So scroll down you will see special ad categories even though it doesn't affect your results negatively but this step ensures your ad gets approved and runs without issues. Okay. So select housing after that select country. So for most of us it will be India. Now let's talk about buying type and campaign budget. So here you could see in the buying type we already have auction and you might see an option called lead cap where you can set a maximum uh you know cost per lead and meta won't go beyond that. But this option is not always available and on honestly it's better to test without setting a cap initially especially for your first campaign. So, we'll keep things simple and manual, easy to control as you learn. And that's it for the campaign level setup. You could also set up the budget here. Let's start with the 300 first. So, as we move forward, we can go up to 1,000 rupees per day or 1,500 rupees per day as well. Okay. Now, that's it for the campaign level setup. Now, next we'll move on to the adset where we choose your targeting and location. All right. Now, let's move to the adset level. This is where the real targeting magic happens. And here's where to choose who sees your ad, where they live, and where your ad will appear. So step one, lead type. So under lead magnet, the conversion location, select the instant forms. So this keeps your leads inside Facebook or Instagram. They don't have to, you know, leave the app or go to a landing page. Why does this matter? Because it results in lower cost per lead and better conversions. Then after that we have to select a Facebook page. So I have already selected mine and then you could select the performance goal. Always select maximize number of conversion leads because that is what really matters. After that we have already you know selected 300 rupees per daily ad budget. Then we don't have to schedule this. Now this is very important. Don't target the whole city. For example, if you are based in Mumbai, don't just type Mumbai. Okay? So, we have to select the locations, specific locations like insta target uh you know specific high value areas or pin codes like for Mumbai, PUI you could select. Okay. Then you know and west is one that you could select after that bandra. Okay. Then go is fun only if you take projects there. Now this helps you avoid irrelevant leads from areas where you don't serve. Now you can also drop a location pin and set a 10 to 15 km radius around high demand neighborhoods. After that select you know age. So for this select 25 to 55 cuz this this is the audience that we want to have. Now here you could see the audience definition it should be broad. Okay. So estimated audience size it is variable but here you could see it is uh you know pretty good number to target. After that we have to select you know detail targeting option. So now this is where you have to tell meta who you want to reach based on what they like search or follow. So stick to three to five solid interest like here we could you know select interior designs. Okay then we could use home improvement. Then after that real estate property industry we can select. Then after that uh we could select furniture home furnishing. Yeah we could select that and avoid stacking 10 plus interest. It confuses meta algorithm and weakens your target. Pro tip, if you're offering luxury interiors, try interest like luxury homes, home decor or architectural digest. Now, after selecting the locations, their interest, now we have to select languages. We first we can select English, then Hindi, then the regional language. Yeah. Now for where your ad will shown uh we will only select Facebook and Instagram. So deselect audience network. Second uh placement controls. So we want to show these ads on Facebook feed, Instagram feed, Instagram stories, Facebook stories, Instagram res but we don't want to show these ads on Facebook inream videos. Then we don't want to show these ads on Facebook Marketplace, Instagram explore, Instagram explore home. Yeah, this is it. So those placements rarely work well for interior designers and often attract the wrong audience. And that's it for the adset level. Now we'll move on to the ad level where we will design and build the actual form or you know your leads will fill out. Okay. Now let's build your actual ad. This is the creative people will see when they scroll on Instagram or Facebook. So start by naming it something easy to remember. So let's name it add one because we're going to create multiple ad copies here. Now after that if your Instagram is connected it will show up automatically like this. Okay, after that for the ad setup single image or video you can use kousleal 2 but for now we'll keep it simple and go with a single video or image. Now for the creative section we'll go there. We'll select the image. Let's go with this. Click on next. This is how the ad will look like. After that we have to you know type in the primary text. I have already have something to use. So I'll copy from here. Paste it here. Then the headline we could use something like book a free interior design consultation. Now for the description we could write something like end to end interiors with modular finish delivered in 45 days. After that call to action, select learn more. Now click on next. We don't have to do the enhancements here. But this is how your ad will look like. Now this is it. Select on done. Now let's see the ad preview. If you'll see this is how the ad will look like on different uh you know devices for tab Android version for stories. Now this is one of the most important parts of your Facebook campaign. If your even if your ad is great, if your form is weak, you will wear leads. So scroll up, you will find instant form. Click on create form. Now most interior designers make the mistake of just asking for a name or number. So first name this form. Let's name it test. When you create the form, you will be asked to choose between more volume and higher intent. Choose more volume. But don't worry, we'll still filter out the leads inside the form using, you know, smart questions. After that, move to the next section. So we don't have to select this. Select the greeting part. So add a headline book of free interior design Fill in the details. Now we could add in the description like fill in the details below so a team can understand your space and recommend the best design solution. Now let's set up the questions. So we want seven to eight filters to pre-qualify your leads and most importantly use multiple choice. People don't like typing. So give them easy options to tap. So select on add question multiple choice. So we could ask something like What type of proper do you want? Who's it design? Okay. And you could give them something 2 BHK flat then then 3 BHK flat. Then if they want to design villa, office or other space they want to design. Okay. Next we'll ask something what is your estimated interior budget? So the option will be 5 to 10 lakh 10 to 20 lakhs then 20 plus lakhs either they can select not sure yet. Okay. Now, let's add another question when do they want to start with the project? Project immediately in 30 days. in 60 days just exploring. Okay. Now these are the questions that we should always ask. Now you could also include something like do you already have the floor plan or site ready? What is your current state status of your property? Then you know contact information. So now Facebook will automatically pull their contact info. Just make sure to include full name, phone number, uh you know their address. We could also select their email. Okay. Now after that, let's move on to the privacy policy. So here we'll have to provide a link to our Facebook privacy policy section. Okay. Can I add some? Okay. Okay. And for the link text, it will be privacy policy section. Now, if you have a website, add the link to your privacy policy here. If not, you can create a free one using a privacy policy generator. Just make sure you know to put something professional. Now, the final step, thank you screen. So, here once the user submits the form, they will land on your thank you screen. So, don't leave it blank. Use this moment to build trust and drive them to action. So for the headline, we could use something like thanks or design team will reach out within 30 minutes. Okay. Then in the description, you could add something like in the meantime, check your WhatsApp. Okay, we have sent your latest project and rising. So yeah, that's it. Now after that uh we have to select an CTA additional action. So always select chat on WhatsApp. This will work you know fine with you and add your number as I have connected mine and that's it. Call to action chat on WhatsApp. Now select on create form. Now you have created your lead form and once your form starts collecting leads see if people are dropping off at any question. You can always simplify it or add or remove questions based on lead quality. But remember the goal is not just quantity of leads. You want quality. Now create three to four different ad versions under the same adset. So we could select on this. We could also duplicate this or copy this. So we want to duplicate this. Okay. So we'll duplicate and the number of copies will be two. Now here's the smart part. If it performs well, we duplicate the same campaign just like we have duplicated the ad copies. But instead of using a lead form, we switch to a conversion campaign. That means your new objective becomes conversions instead of leads. You drive traffic to a proper landing page. This generally gives you better quality leads. And once this new conversion campaign is also working well, it's time to scale it. So you slowly increase your ad budget starting from 300 or 500 rupees per day and go up to,000 to,500 rupees per day if the ROI is strong and a well optimized campaign can easily bring in 10 to 15 plus leads per day consistently. Now click on publish. Now after publishing your campaign getting the lead is just one step. Here's what needs to happen immediately. So start sending portfolio intro video and CTA through WhatsApp. Call them within 30 to 60 minutes. Use a script. Set follow-ups if they don't answer. Use CRM or Excel sheet. Track status. Interested, booked, followup, site visited, proposal sent, not interested. So you could utilize some tools like Pebbley, WhatsApp, Google sheet or you know WhatsApp business labels. And this is the next video that we will be talking about. And don't obsess over CT or CTR. Track business metrics like leads generated, qualified leads, cost per appointments booked, site visits done, projects closed, ROI. If you're spending 50,000 rupees and closing just one project worth 5 to 10 lakhs, it's already working. So that's how you set up a full high converting ad campaign for interior designers and architects in India. And it's not about just running ads. It's about building a full system from ad creative to targeting to followup and finally closing. Now, if you found this video valuable, drop a comment below and let me know. And if you want to build this entire system with our help, the link is in the description. You can book up one-on-one strategy session with me. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MohammedSaad-i9i [1 likes]: Mad Helpful. Dad asked me to learn, thought it'd take hours. Took minutes.
  2. @ai_news_07 [1 likes]: helpfull
  3. @being_namitaa22: Why interior is housing catagory????
  4. @bhushansalap: Very much helpful. Thankyou 😊
  5. @kuchbhitharun: what was the cpl

- GYM HERO 2020 AD (Shot on Fujifilm X-T3 with Sigma 18-35 f/1.8): Kind: captions Language: en less [music]

- The Hero Shot - Commercial Product Photography with Brian Rodgers Jr.: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Brian Rodgers jr. and I'm a commercial photographer and digital artist I've always known that I wanted to be an artist in some way shape or form I didn't know what that looked like when I was a kid but as time went on I realized that photography was where my passion was one of the really big benefits to working with continuous lighting is the fact that you can see exactly what the product is going to look like having this live view and being able to really craft your light is a good way to go [Music] Photoshop is an essential tool in advertising photography that's really how you can perfect images the retouching the creativity the color grading just all that stuff really comes together I'm gonna hit command J to duplicate it and I'm just going to double click on it and I'm gonna sample one of these oranges and what that's going to do is it's gonna basically just change the color of the background earlier this year we met up with Brian to create an F Stoppers original free tutorial that just lives on YouTube and it ended up being one of the most popular free lessons that we have ever filmed and so after we saw the reception of that video we knew we had to do a full tutorial with Brian now we've duplicated the same image and gave the appearance that we had a group of these all shot together all perfectly lit but in product photography you want to get creative right you'd be surprised what little things you can do they can take a shot to the next level I guess one of the more difficult things to work with as a product photographer is when you've got multiple surfaces on the same product not all products are just all chrome or all matte finish sometimes products have multiple surfaces and you've got to find a creative way to light each part of those so you'll notice that we've got a lot of high key white going on at the bottom what I want to do is minimize that completely what we can do is like shape the light a little bit better so let's just bring this in we're gonna place it on set let's take a quick shot here and see what we have this gives us some options to play with sometimes when you're on set and you're placing a light it might look great on certain areas of the image and not so great on others so when you can use Photoshop to eliminate those areas and blend frames together and exposures you can create an image that you just could not create in the camera what's so exciting about product photography is that literally anybody can do it with any gear and in any size space we wanted this tutorial to appeal to anybody on any budget in the first shot we use continuous lighting and the second shot we moved into speed lights and now we're gonna be moving into strobes I use compositing quite a bit I think it's a really creative way to build files in a smart way that allow flexibility in the end so if a client changes their decision on placement or anything like that the file is really flexible and allows you room to move around and change things one lesson in particular I decided to shoot a set of bookshelf speakers and when I did that you would think that I'd grab full speakers and set up a shot but I actually just photographed one at multiple angles and then composited the two together giving me total flexibility in post-production gonna make it smaller I'm gonna hold shift and all at the same time and I'll make it a little bit smaller so it appears as if it's behind this speaker I'm then gonna use the move tool and just move it over slightly now you can see that it's kind of behind the speaker now and all I want to do that just go through here in this area and slightly burn down this edge the nice thing about doing it this way is that we have complete control if we decide at a later time that we want the speaker out a little bit more we can do that in addition to that we're also maximizing the resolution we have more resolution doing it this way than we would shooting both speakers at the same time every lesson in this tutorial is totally unique not only is using different types of lights for each one of these shots but he's also got completely different techniques that he's using for each one of these shots as well the next thing we want to do is we want to start the focus stacking process now you can imagine this would be impossible if this light was moving around the entire time because you've seen in Photoshop already that sometimes when you change your lighting up and you try to auto align your layers it just doesn't come together and the same thing will happen if you're trying to focus stack and your lights are moving around so that's why it's absolutely crucial that we get everything right on set and right in the camera this tutorial includes all of Brian's shots so if you're the type of person like me who enjoys learning by actually doing you're gonna have everything you need to follow along in post-production we do have 50 files and it does take a little bit of time here but he lacan focus is definitely much faster than Photoshop you can go through here and really see the details of this watch like all of the f Stoppers tutorials this is a digital download so you can instantly buy it and start watching it but you're also going to get access to a secret Facebook group in this group you're going to be able to ask any questions you might have about product photography to Brian himself or other world-class photographers alright so it's almost like we've made a psyche wall here except it's kind of going the opposite direction of what you would normally see or doing that because again we want to fill in the product and we need a light source like this overhead so we can get the reflection that we're looking for now I'm moving it back and forth left to right and you can see that those gradations are now changing even though I'm gonna be talking about Photoshop quite a bit you don't have to be an expert in Photoshop to make great images in fact we start very simple and build our skills as we go and if you're well acquainted with Photoshop already you just might learn something new sometimes it can be hard to see where all of those imperfections are so what I like to do in that case is make this crazy curves adjustment layer I'm gonna add a ton of points but you can see these little spots that are showing up and we couldn't see that when this layer was off there like practically invisible I get questions all the time online about how did you do this or how did you do that and I'm really excited to finally share some of the most useful tips I've learned over the years and product photography so we may want to fine-tune this but overall I think it's looking good because if you look at the lines here we've got these lines kind of just leading into the product and it's the same way over here as well if you've been thinking about getting into product photography or taking your product photography to the next level this tutorial is for you so for those people who say you know do it on camera this is for you but the nice thing is is now that we have done everything pretty much in the camera we're not gonna have a ton of post to do

  Top Comments:
  1. @babayega1717: That's where the scamming begins folks. Just 0:50 seconds in.
  2. @GauravSharma-gt2gp: This is a tutorial advertisement!
  3. @Kayserjp: what im impressed is, that he is shooting with canon 24-105 f4 i guess on a sony, which isnt that sharp usually.
  4. @Mac_Choudhry: @fstoppers I have been emailing fstoppers support for months after purchasing this tutorial for hundreds of dollars and only one person has replied and didn't even address the issue I was having. The download link you sent me does not work! And your rep completely disregarded my email. Will someone please, get back to me and provide support? Or provide a refund at this point, I do not care which! The support has been atrocious!
  5. @xfallofmanx: Is this an infomercial? Where’s the tutorial? This is just people talking and a bunch of jump cuts lol
  6. @OTRYHARDD: thank you
  7. @gonzalotoloza6700: Amazing
  8. @iftekharshifat9577: This video was so helpful. Thank you! For the last one month, I have been using a new editing platform “autoRetouch” which uses AI to automate image editing. I am using the trial version. Product image-editing is automated. The output is also wonderful. Can you make a video on this platform?
  9. @esgraphicsnig2070: nice.... thats massive
  10. @Lytemotiv: super information! love it!
  11. @aaron872: Tempted but just can't pull the trigger in lieu of spending the same money on light mods and other basics. I purchased one of the WAMA courses because it's just so hard to find material of that quality on that subject and I already had a decent kit, but while I get that this tutorial is a cut above the rest there isn't the same widespread lack of quality information on this type of photography as there is on working with architecture and real estate. Maybe someday.
  12. @TheStaffordshireDigger: You seem to rely way to much on PS rather than getting as much caught in camera! Shame. Little actual photography involved. Saying things couldn't be shot on set, when, with a good knowledge of light it can be.
  13. @naira-entertaiments: I want music
  14. @naira-entertaiments: Background music is tooo good
  15. @aussernllc: Amazing product photography demonstration. I need this.
  16. @KonarkMarwaha: So glad to watch this video after 2 years!
Also why isn't the course available now?
  17. @voodazz: 300 Bucks? This is obviously for people who do this for a living, not everyday occasional hobbyist like myself.
  18. @vin7499: Really helpful video, .. great thank you
  19. @tomasgoncalves2104: The brands you photograph should pay you
  20. @gukkie87: $299.99...no thanks...if it was $29 then yes! You would have made alot of money..

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  9. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  10. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  12. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  13. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  14. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  15. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  16. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  17. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  18. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  19. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)
  20. @MarriageHabits: Based on the video transcript, here's a complete implementation plan:
Campaign Structure Setup
Step 1: Create Two Campaigns

Set up Campaign #1: Label it "Scaling Campaign"
Set up Campaign #2: Label it "Testing Campaign"
These two campaigns form the foundation of the entire strategy

Step 2: Configure Ad Sets

Create one ad set per campaign (total of 2 ad sets)
Use the same targeting for both ad sets
Use open targeting or very broad targeting (mixing cold and warm audiences)
Only segment by location if needed, not by interests or audience temperature

Step 3: Set Budget Allocation

If results are good/profitable: Allocate 80% to Scaling Campaign, 20% to Testing Campaign
If results are poor/unprofitable: Allocate more budget to Testing Campaign to find winners faster
Adjust the split based on performance

Creative Strategy: Working with Influencers
Step 4: Access Creator Marketplace

Go to Meta Ads Manager
Click "All Tools"
Scroll to "Engage Audience" section
Select "Creator Marketplace"

Step 5: Find Relevant Creators

Search using keywords related to your niche
Look for creators whose audience matches your target market
Focus on niche-specific influencers (don't need celebrity-level creators)

Step 6: Create Your Deliverables Request
Ask each creator/influencer to produce:

2 full video ads promoting your product/service
10 different hooks (first 3 seconds with different opening lines and backgrounds)

This gives you 20 total ad variations (10 hooks × 2 full ads)
Step 7: Brief the Creator

Give them flexibility in how they promote your product
Provide guidelines but let them use their authentic voice
Emphasize that hooks should have visually different backgrounds
Mention you'll be running these as paid ads (free exposure for them)

Implementation and Testing
Step 8: Load Ads into Testing Campaign

Upload all 20 ad variations to your Testing Campaign
Let Meta spend budget testing these new creatives
Monitor which hooks and ads perform best

Step 9: Move Winners to Scaling Campaign

Identify top-performing ads from Testing Campaign
Move winning ads to Scaling Campaign
Increase budget on Scaling Campaign when you have strong performers

Step 10: Continuous Testing Cycle

Keep Testing Campaign running with new creative variations
Work with multiple creators if budget allows
Replace fatigued ads in Scaling Campaign with new winners from Testing
Request new hook variations for winning ads to extend their lifespan

Key Success Factors

The first 3 seconds (hook) is the most critical part
Different hooks make each ad unique to 95%+ of viewers
Creators are incentivized to produce quality work
This strategy scales creative testing without becoming a full-time video creator yourself

This structure allows you to benefit from winning ads while continuously discovering new high-performers.

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- Facebook Ad Hacks to EXPLODE Local Businesses: Kind: captions Language: en if I could only advertise one type of business on Facebook and Instagram for the rest of my career it would undoubtedly be local businesses because the opportunity for local businesses with Facebook ads and Instagram ads is absolutely enormous now my agency has run ad campaigns for more than 500 local businesses in just about every Niche you can think of and in this video I'm going to distill down everything we've learned running those ad campaigns for those local businesses into the best possible tips techniques and strategies that you can Implement to get better results right now okay so the first point that I want to make when it comes to running Facebook ads for local businesses is that you need to make targeting adjustments I see a lot of local business owners get this wrong when they run Facebook and Instagram ads is they watch a targeting tutorial from someone like me um and they Implement advice it's actually designed for National or International advertisers you need to adjust things so the big difference when it comes to targeting for local business is that you are usually advertising to a much smaller population because you're only going to be advertising locally and there's going to be far less people in that local area than there are in the whole country or in multiple countries in comparison to what some other advertisers may be able to Target that means you need to do things a bit differently now this is particularly important if you're using original audience settings where your targeting criteria are hard constraint so let's say you add in like an interest targeting option and you're only going to advertise to people who meet the interest targeting option criteria if you are a local business particularly if you're not a local business operating in an area that has a large population like you could be a local business of advertising to the whole of New York or you could be a local business ad advertising just to your local town of 50,000 people but let's say you're not advertising to the whole of New York and you are more local than that if you then go and add in detailed targeting options like interests specific demographics behaviors that's going to make your overall audience size just too small if you are advertising a town of just say 50,000 people or 100,000 people basically the only targeting option that you can go with is just everyone in that area just open targeting otherwise it's going to be too small and that's going to really hurt your results even if you're using Advantage Plus audience which most advertisers probably are at this point um where your targeting s targeting inputs are suggestions so let's say you add in interest targeting options that's a suggestion where meta still has leeway to go um outside of the people that are within that interest and Target other people if you're advertising locally and the the population size in that area isn't very large I would still recommend that you uh go with much broader options so large interest targeting options if you are going to use LX you want it to be a 10% for sure um or to be honest often still go with open targeting otherwise your audence going to be too small and your campaigns are going to suffer and then the next Point that's related to that that's still to do with targeting is around the location targeting and that's that you want to set your location targeting criteria in the area where you actually operate so only advertise to an area where you think it's realistic that customers will come to visit your location if you're that type of local business or where you are willing to travel to to serve as a customer um if you are that type of local business um I see a lot of advertisers think well my audience size is going to be too small if I just do say my local Town therefore I'm going to do my local Town plus 25 miles and it's like people aren't going to drive 25 mil to sign up to a gym that's too far they're going to find one more local to them right so depending on your business you need to really have a think about what's realistic for most people that they are going to travel here or we're willing to travel uh depending on on your business type don't artificially inflate the audience size just to keep meta happy and when you do enter in your location targeting just to quickly clarify that if you're using Advantage Plus audience that is done in the audience control section and that is a hard boundary So Meta will only advertise to people who live in or recently been in um that location so you don't need to worry about method all of a sudden putting ads in front of people on the other side of the country when it comes to location targeting every now and then there are mistakes and people slip through uh but for the most part that's not going to happen offers are really really powerful it's actually one of the things that I like most about advertising local businesses is that the Leverage The competitive Advantage you get from having a offer is really Amplified and that's because of what the competition are doing so when you're advertising nationally internationally particularly in some of the more lucrative more competitive markets you are competing against brilliant marketers marketers that have read for example Alex homo's $100 million offers book and they are trying to implement these incredible offers to try and get lots of new customers so it can be really hard to stand out and in some Industries like the marketing space actually the offers are getting more and more ridiculous and the guarantees are getting more and more impossible possible and you know that people can't deliver but those offers are out there in the world it's making harder for other people to to get leads and things like that but locally you don't have any of that so if you're advertising a local business you are only competing against other local advertisers right by definition now that means that there might only be a handful of other businesses that offer the same thing that you do that you have to compete against how many of those are actually advertising on Facebook and Instagram maybe none maybe one or two let's say there are one or two how good are their ads probably not very good at all you can probably have the best ads there um relatively easily and you can probably go through something like Alex H 100 billion offers which a fantastic book by the way um and craft an offer that is way better than your competitors and allows you to just Hoover up that market share in in in your local Town um I gave this this example because I gave a talk in in Brighton in a city in the UK and I gave the example of funeral homes being the local business low competition levels so we're in Brighton right now how many Funeral Service businesses are running Facebook ads in Brighton right now you think definitely less than 10 right I've heard a few nuns I I won't be surprised probably less than five they just go on the safe side let's say there are a couple running ads how good do you think their ads are they're going to be rubbish they really are like maybe there's someone who's you know maybe watched a few YouTube videos and know what they're doing so how hard would it be to create the best funeral services Facebook ads in Brighton could you just win that little market honestly you could watch a couple of YouTube videos on how to run Facebook ads and you would be able to then create the best Facebook ads for the funeral service industry in Brighton what a good business that would be to advertise on Facebook and Instagram because you got really high average customer values so that helps um each customer is worth a lot of money and you're also only competing against probably no businesses advertising on Facebook Instagram and if you are you can create the best ads there and you can come up with a great offer so think if you are a local business whether you're a service provider going to people you have a location people coming to you then think about your offer I mean there almost certainly discounts you can give a guarantee of service that you can give a lot of um local businesses where you are a service provider you can offer a guarantee of service that is much better than your competitors and that makes a huge difference everyone's nervous about hiring a a local Builder a local Contracting Company because they're worried that they're not going to do a good job and they're going to overcharge like you could just your offer could be we don't charge more than our quote that's actually quite a good offer for for like a local contractor a local Builder and that would be a terrible offer in other Industries they'd be like well of course you're not going to charge us more than you quoted like you quoted it but in that industry because of what your competition do that's a pretty good quote cuz most of them do try and charge more we promise to finish on time if we don't we give you 20% back that's an amazing offer for a lot of local service based businesses if you're trying to get people to your location you can offer um special deals for certain people certain days of the week discounts if you come in and become a member we give you X special offer there's all sorts of ways to to come up with offers but offers for local business are just so powerful because your competitors almost certainly aren't doing it it and even if they are their offers are probably pretty rubbish and you can probably come up with a better offer and combine with the fact that you might be one of the only ones advertising on the platform but you know your customers are on Facebook and Instagram because almost everyone is on one of those two platforms um at least one of those two platforms then you get massive competitive advantage and the next Point actually ties into that which is the same thing in that you get massive competitive Advantage by having a great offer when you're advertised locally it's the same with high quality ad creative most of your competitors even if they are advertising on the platform probably got pretty basic ad creative stuff they put together themselves using canva using an iPhone to take a photo of something like just spending a little bit of money on getting a professional to create some nice ad creative for you or doing it yourself if you have the skills is going to really Elevate you above the competition be like ah that looks really cool and that's going to make a big difference some areas for really nice competitive advantage and that's one of the reasons why I love advertising local businesses now one thing you do need to do with local businesses is you need to refresh ad creative more often and that's because you're advertising to smaller audiences in comparison to National International advertisers you're going to get ad fatigue faster if everyone within your target audience sees you an ad from you on average once a week which that's great like no not a problem with that at all it just means that you know every month or so that ad starting to become a bit tired people have seen it they've either taken action based on it or they haven't um and you're going to want to refresh those and create new ad creative more often potentially than a than a an advertis that's advertising to a much larger audience could sort of more set and forget it if they're operating with relatively small budgets um because there's just so many more people to to show that that too now there's another point I'm going to mention later on about um tying in special offers and things like that that would naturally allow you to create new creative on a regular basis um so that kind of takes care of that but it's just something you need to be aware of of if you've created new ads and they're working really well right now that probably won't run for 6 months as is it might do sometimes but probably won't so you are going to have to think about we need new ads going to have to do things to to keep this fresh new formats new ad creative new imagery new videos um otherwise you get a fatigue and when you get a fatigue results drop off now I've got some other great tips when it comes to running Facebook ads for local business in a minute things on scaling and all that sort of stuff before I get into just want to quickly let you know about Facebook ads Mastery so Facebook ads Mastery is my brand new course with Community it's all brand new uh course material there's stuff in there specifically for local businesses and it comes with a school Community with the school Community there's tons of interaction from the other Facebook advertisers all looking to help each other out which is fantastic we've got over 450 members as of the recording um of this video um and that's increasing all the time which is great also me and my team are in there like all the time all day every day answering questions interacting so the community angle is really strong we do live calls and live trainings um in Facebook ads Mastery so you get access to those you obviously ask specific questions and all that sort of stuff um so yeah so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click through and look to go ahead and join find out more information but I think if you're looking to level up your Facebook and Instagram ad game get better results I think You' find it really really valuable so one of the issues that local businesses often run into with their Facebook and Instagram ads is when they look to scale that's clearly very difficult particularly if you're only advertising in an area with a relatively small population there's only so much you can spend on your ads before you're just putting them in front of everyone and spending anymore is a waste of money right so what I've seen local businesses do is they try and change their business model to allow them to scale but that then changes what worked for them initially so let's take the example of like a garden center okay so garden centers are local for the most part you can obviously have National chains and things like that but but you know a single individual location is is going to be local let's say your ads are working really well you're getting lots of people in you've got great offers things are going well and you think we want to scale I know what we'll do we will sell our products that we sell in store we'll sell them online and we will try and advertise um and scale that way that's a change of business model and that's really difficult cuz as soon as you start doing that you are then competing against other advertisers that are selling plants and flowers and compost and Patio slabs and all the various things that go into a garden that specialize in selling those online they do it at bulk and they National advertis and they really know what they're doing and they have great offers and it's really really difficult what I think a much better approach for business like that usually is if they want to scale is to open other locations and then advertise those locally because then you are keeping the same structure the same setup and the same competition Dynamics where if you're advertising to get people into your local Garden Center you're only competing against other garden centers within that local area that they could go to instead so when you open a new location that same thing is going to be true for the new location you are only competing against other garden centers that are advertising to get people in store around that Garden Center obviously it's going to be a different location from your first so that is a very different Dynamic and if you've got it succeeding in one place first and you want to scale usually that's the only reason why you would scale is cuz it's work in one place you want to replicate that as closely as possible in another place as opposed to trying to sell online uh local businesses that offer a service often do the same thing so you might have someone that is say u a physiotherapist okay and they've done really well advertising their services and they get people to come in and see them but they've kind of Tapped Out the local market they've got a physiotherapy practice they might think right we're going to start offering online sessions that's how we're going we're going to change our business model and we're going to expand and again that's really difficult cuz then you're competing against all the physiotherapy companies that could offer online sessions which is every physiotherapy company in the world and that's really difficult to do and they're going to be some that specialize in that and undercut you on price or that sort of thing much better to go up and open a new physical physiotherapy practice in another location and then keep all the Dynamics um the exact same thing and you could have the same things even if you don't have a location right you could if you're a plumber you could have like a branch that operates in one location and then open you know hire people in another location and get you know some guys to operate in that locality and just keep the Dynamics the same um is something that I would I would strongly recommend you look to do first before you try and change business model and you can absolutely have I think a lot of people think that you can't have a massively successful local business that operates at massive scale that is not true at all I mean think of a lot of the franchise businesses that you know of those are businesses that operate locally to them like subway they all people either buy directly from the Subway or they might use a delivery or like some food delivery service but it's all really local around that location and how did they grow they build out more locations in lots of different places loads of businesses like that I think that's underappreciated as a scaling method and it can work really really well um with Facebook and Instagram ads so this next Point sounds kind of obvious but I see a lot of local businesses that are running Facebook ads not do this and that's that in your ads you should make it very very clear that you are local don't assume that people will know that immediately from seeing it i' I've just reviewed a lot of ads and I'm like you haven't actually got the name of your town or your location in here and you want people to come in um even if you're offering a service where you go to people absolutely include the name of the place that you operate in because if you're scrolling through let's say you're you're a potential customer of yours you're scrolling through Facebook or Instagram the ad that has the name of the place you live in is definitely going to grab your attention more than the equivalent that doesn't and we're all seeing ads and that seem somewhat generic and it's like maybe we're interested maybe we're not we're going on and then something's like oh that's literally like the village that's the town that I live in that's going to grab your attention and then obviously you're much more likely to get that person uh if they get their attention you're much more likely to get them to interact with the ad and go through and convert and become a lead or or take the next action take the next step that you want them to take so that's just a little bit of a no-brainer but absolutely include it in there for a lot of business to have physical locations include your address people may have heard of you if they see it oh yeah I've heard someone said something about this business a friend of mine recommended it but where actually is it oh okay oh it's just around the back of like that's just really useful information remember you're advertising to real people and if they know where you are they know it's relevant to them they're more likely to take the next step effectively when you advertise locally testimonials and reviews carry extra weight so if you use those in your advertising I strongly recommend that you do um because they are so powerful make sure it's very clear that the person leaving the testimoni or the review is local to the other people that you're advertising to and there's there's a technique that the news um has used for a long long time where they have all these techniques to make something more relevant and make people more interested in a new story and one of the core component of that is local and the idea is that if there was a you know some sort of event happened on the other side of the world it's way less interesting way less relevant than it happened on your street you're way more like to be interested happened on your street so that's like an extreme example but you can think about if if I know that there's a testimonial for a garden center that's fantastic someone left a review it's brilliant uh you should go in if that person lives in my local Town that's going to carry more weight than if they've live in a compet different place because when someone lives in your town to you and you see that they've left the reviewer testimonial you assume that it's more likely to work for you as well you're more likely to enjoy it as well because someone who is more similar to you had a good experience with it as opposed to someone else from another part of the world where you're like well they might not be into the same things as me they might not have the same priorities they might not have the same standard where someone in your local Town you're more likely to think that they have those commonalities think about when you're on holiday you're on vac and you meet someone from your local area right and you almost feel like there's like this connection even though you're in a different place there's like this connection to that person because they're from the same place you are even though there's obviously loads of people that live in the same place you are and you'd never if you bumped into them you'd never be like oh how funny that we live in the same place live in the same city you know let's chat or whatever you wouldn't do that but when you're away in somewhere else you have that that that connection it's kind of a funny thing and you're drawing on that same thing when you're using testimonials and reviews if they are from other local people make that very very clear in the ad you can like literally put the name underneath a testimonial or review and then like comma their location right and that's going to that's going to show that and and carry more punch and help people get over there and help people convert so here's a technique that I love when it comes to advertising local businesses and that's to tie in special offers with local events so I'll give you an example right so I live in a town called chelam as I just mentioned now there is an event called the chelam races here every year it's a big horse racing thing is one of the most um famous ones in the country local businesses do and it's absolutely a good idea to run special offers and promotions around the time of the chelon races um using that Lang language and that messaging within their ads within their copy and AD creative even if obviously they have nothing to do with horse racing or anything along those lines it's just something that's fun that's going on locally I think it kind of TAPS into the fact that you have a local presence and that you're connected to the community and that you're aware what what's going on and what people are doing um and again if people within this town are looking at ads and they see chel races in there that's more likely to grab their attention than like a generic ad from a national or even International Advertiser that's just advertising a regular product or whatever that's going to grab their attention more and tie in and make people more um Keen to take part so I think it helps make it very clear that you're a local business and it helps grab people's attention and then it helps give that connection to local community which will help convert into sales new customers even if what you're offering is not related to anything to do in this case with horse racing and local areas have all sorts of different events and you can create new ads and and that's a good way as I mentioned earlier this is the point that I wanted to come to around having to refresh ad creative quite often when it comes to local advertising because your audience size is small and you run into ad fatigue issues well if you are repeatedly tying things into local events um even if they're really small and like like in Cham there's a Cham races but every summer there's a food festival every uh spring there's a jazz festival like there's going to be various things that that happen in your in your locality tie these things in we got a special offer uh you know to celebrate the food festival we've got a special offer on our whatever whatever whatever come in and check it out or people can sign up to a new gym membership free um it doesn't need to be related it just the fact that you are local and you're advertising to local residents and it is a local event that's connected enough for it to make sense so a good way to uh connect with the community and and have get that that added trust Factor that's one of the things that local really helps with is your prospects are more likely to trust you if you they know you operate in the same place that they live um and also helps with naturally helps with creating new ad creative and pres preventing ad fatigue because you're only going to run that promotion for a couple weeks maybe a month around that local event now one of the absolute best things about advertising local businesses with Facebook and Instagram ads is that you can expect your results to improve over time and that's because positive customer interactions compound and they compound more with local businesses than they do with non-local businesses so so let me give you a couple examples right so let's say you're a local restaurant now if you advertise and you get people to come in that might be relatively expensive initially it might be quite difficult to get those first few people in but if they do come in and they love the food and think the service is fantastic they are far more likely to tell other people about it if you think of the recommend recomendations you hear from friends family Etc and you think of the recommendations that you give yes you do that with national International businesses but you're far more likely far more likely to do it with local businesses so let's say someone comes into your restaurant you've advertised to get them in they had a great experience they tell people about it well those people might directly just come in which is fantastic that's like exactly what you want um but also if your ad is put in front of someone that has heard about your restaurant from a friend of theirs that ad is more like to be successful because they're not just going oh what's this oh a new restaurant in town interesting they're going oh yeah this restaurant yeah yeah yeah my friend was telling me about this the other day they said that the such and such was fantastic look they've got a special deal on right now where kids eat free or whatever happens to be let's go ahead and let's go ahead and and eat there and they're far more likely to convert so that really helps and that builds over time so the longer you do that the more good customer interactions you have the more likely they are to recommend it to other people the more effective your advertising will be and honestly you can often get to the point where you don't need to advertise at all because you've used the ads to get that initial customer base they come back cuz they love it they tell other people um All About It uh who then come in and you've got a customer base and and Happy Days things are working really well and the same would happen for other types of local businesses like if you're a local plumber for example and you advertise to get your first few customers you're thinking oh these are really quite expensive uh we didn't make tons of money on that one should I keep running the campaign well it's going to get better over time as long as you do a good job because yeah you might have paid let's say you've paid a reasonable amount of money to get that first Plumbing client and say you've broken and you haven't actually made any profit on it but if they go and recommend a couple of people brilliant that's where and then and then they recommend a couple of people and then you go on and on and on so provided the service that you deliver is good you can actually afford to pay quite a lot to acquire those initial customers locally because there's a much greater chance that you will get those referrals and recommendations and that your initial marketing investment will be Amplified by That Word of Mouth effect so something there Absolut a huge competive Advantage for local businesses that you just you don't get that to the same extent with other types of business business where you can all think of things that products say that you buy online that you're say a hobby into like that's one of the things that you're into and you purchase products in there you're only going to recommend that to friends who are also into the same thing whereas if it's like a local restaurant or you know there's a new gym down the road that you've been to or whatever you are far more likely to give a recommendation to people everyone at some point needs a plumber right you are far more likely to recommend that to anyone that you know that needs a plumber um so yeah something to really consider when you first start running this campaigns if it looks expensive initially don't immediately discount it and give up think that okay we're acquiring customers relatively expensively but and by the way it doesn't have to be expensive you might acquire customers relatively cheaply I'm just saying that if you do acquire customers relatively expens expensively that might still really work out for you long run because you know you get them coming back you get work from them again and the referral word of mouth is is really really powerful now something I haven't discussed in this video which is obviously something really important uh for local businesses to get right with with their Facebook ads is is campaign structure and that's because I've created a brand new tutorial showing my new and updated recommended campaign structure with all the changes that happened to meta ads um over the past year or so we've now got a new way of doing things a better way of doing things when it comes to campaign structure and in this video here you can see all the details I've created the full tutorial so you can walk through my exact campaign structure it's only a short video it's well worth a quick watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @faydra-k2y [9 likes]: The GTA V map analogy was gold! These hyperlocal targeting strategies are exactly what my business needs to reach the right customers. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice.
  2. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @arnie-i1p [4 likes]: The GTA analogy was genius! Finally, someone breaks down hyperlocal targeting in a way that's easy to understand and implement for my local business. Definitely subscribing for more actionable tips!
  4. @alpertopcu9708 [1 likes]: I just started running Meta ads for local trampoline parks and would love to connect with others doing something similar 😊
  5. @OndřejKovář-h7n [1 likes]: Such underrated tips, thank you!
  6. @VladimirRoberts-j5i [1 likes]: Really appreciate the budget tips – not everyone has $500 to test with

:cat-orange-whistling:
  7. @katiuskamulvihill [1 likes]: That GTA analogy was surprisingly effective at simplifying hyperlocal targeting – I'm excited to test these strategies for my own local campaigns. Thanks for the actionable tips and clear explanations!
  8. @Mrr_dabestt: Helps alot thank you so much😊
  9. @JeanDOSSOU-d9t: Hi Ben, my name is Jean and run a small marketing agency base in Ivory coast and would like to learn more about social media ads marketing while looking to get a mentor which i think you will be the perfect fit for me. I would like to connect. I'm from London but living in Africa for the past 5 years.
  10. @SuperFFFBBB: hey Ben, I ve been following your content for a while now. really enjoy your way of teaching and sharing. interested to join the fb mastery class is it still on?
  11. @HristoGeorgiev-v9m1l: I really appreciate the step-by-step format.
  12. @ChrisAbeleda: For local service-based businesses like a private gym, would you say Lead Campaigns or Sales Campaigns would work best when advertising an offer?
  13. @RiduanulIslam-u7j: Add hindi dubbing in your video please
  14. @RiduanulIslam-u7j: Sir try to talk slowly 😢
  15. @KrasimirRadev-n7w8c: This video is going straight into my resources folder.
  16. @permverse6668: So to get to more well known brands etc. Starting with local buisnesses are good way to start.
  17. @dufourrichard856: Fast talker. I’m curious about the comments.
  18. @synclair-h6p: The GTA analogy made hyperlocal targeting finally click for me – can't wait to implement these strategies and see the results!
  19. @DarrahYamamoto: Thanks Ben
  20. @jasolin-m8i: Really appreciate the focus on practical, actionable steps for local businesses, not just high-level theory. The hyper-local targeting strategies are definitely going to be a game-changer. Thanks for sharing your expertise!

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- *EASY* Facebook Ad Designs That Convert: Kind: captions Language: en What's up marketers and entrepreneurs? Today I'm going to be showing you the easiest Facebook ad designs that convert so that you can increase your ROAS, reduce your CPA, and ultimately drive more revenue for your business. Now, the coolest thing about all these ad designs is you're going to be able to create these for yourself for free. So, this is great for entrepreneurs who are on a budget. With that said, I actually use these same strategies for brands that are spending a million dollars per month on ads. So, the ad designs I'm going to show you in this video are going to help you out regardless of how much money you're spending per month on your Facebook ads. Also, be sure to stay to the end of this video where I show you all the tools that I use to develop this ad creative. It's going to include the exact same software that I use, which are perfect for absolute beginners. So, let's dive in. Now, the first ad that I want to talk about is called a benefits overlay. Now, this is the easiest type of ad to design, but I often find that it is so overlooked because it really is that simple. So, all we're going to do here is take your best performing image. It can be either from your organic social or from your previously tested ads, and you're simply going to add a text overlay onto that image. Now, ideally this text is going to be calling out a benefit that you want your customer to experience from your product. Something like this Monday Swimwear ad, which I noticed that they use this strategy quite a bit. Now, one big reason you need to try out this ad creative is I've actually noticed better returns coming from images that have a text overlay as opposed to trying out multiple different types of creative in the primary text. I actually believe that less and less people are actually reading the copy on our ads. So, by using this strategy, you're going to be able to actually communicate more about your product. Now, you can also use this strategy as a video. And again, you don't have to over complicate this. Simply take a video from your mobile device of someone using your product and put that same text overlay over it. Now, I find that the thing that actually trips up some media buyers on this specific strategy is what a benefit actually is. Most of them tend to confuse it with a feature. And something that a colleague actually said to me recently provided a lot of clarity on this subject, so I'm going to share it with you right now. And what they told me is a feature is what your product has, but a benefit is how that feature or features has benefited their lives. Now, I think this Looney ad did a great job of calling out number one the feature, which is their microbial fabric, and how it actually benefited their lives, which is by doing less laundry. Now, the next ad that I'm going to talk about is what I call a features point out. And this ad is almost going to be as easy as a benefits overlay with just a little bit more design flare. Here, we're going to take an image of your product, preferably on a plain background, and simply call out the most important features around the product. Now, this is actually one of those ads that does really well in both prospecting and retargeting. So, if you're a little bit unsure about how to diversify your creative funnel, simply put this ad type into both TOFU and MOFU. I think this ad does so well because it goes a long way in helping to stop the scroll. And even as a user, I find that when I read one of those bullet points or features, I end up reading the rest of them. Additionally, I think that this is another type of ad that could easily translate to video. Just include a close-up on your product of a plain background, maybe even shooting it from point of view so that you can see your hand or something, and then simply add the features around the product. You don't have to worry about like doing the point out. I find that that just like adds a little bit more mess and noise, so definitely just keep it simple here. Now, the next ad type I want to talk about is Instagram Stories style creative. Now, this is not just creative for the Instagram Stories placement, but also for the feed. In a nutshell, these type of ads are made to look like organic Instagram Stories style content. So, they're going to be using the San Francisco font. They're going to be shot like it's a form of Instagram Stories. And they're also going to maybe include GIFs or stickers right on the ad content. And this is another type of ad creative again that you can use in the form of images or in videos. Doughnut Over is a brand that excels in this strategy, and they've been able to create Instagram Stories style content that's in image and video form for the feed, but they've also doubled down on this strategy to create Instagram Stories style creative for that specific placement, which is really cool. Ultimately, if you can create Instagram Stories for your brand, then you can create this type of ad creative. Now, the fourth strategy I want to talk about are TikToks. Now, this is super similar to Instagram Stories, but taking organic content from your brand's TikTok or from an influencer collab is another fire strategy that's really easy to produce, but has really great benefits. And I do want to clarify this, the best results I've actually seen from using this strategy do include that little TikTok logo in the actual piece of content. Now, if you're creating this type of content yourself for your business or for another brand that you work with, you're going to need to study what is popular and working right now on TikTok. So, be sure to follow your competitor brands and see what they're doing. Now, don't worry about reinventing the wheel here. You actually do want to completely steal the strategies that are working on TikTok. It's the whole point of this ad strategy. Now, I think that this specific strategy is a must-try for consumer product goods and any kind of lifestyle fashion brands. Do not sleep on TikTok just because you have preconceived notions of the platform and you don't understand it. You're a marketer or entrepreneur, it's your job to know these kind of things. Now, the fifth ad type I want to talk about is unboxing videos. So, if you are nervous about creating video content for your brand, an unboxing video is the perfect place to experiment. This kind of creative is going to feel like user-generated content, which is a great way to stop the scroll, especially in retargeting where people already have some knowledge of your product or brand. And what's so cool about this strategy, too, is you can combine it with two other strategies we've already talked about in this video, which are Instagram Stories and TikToks. So, if you're unsure about what you'd actually film for those two strategies, try filming an unboxing. So, here's an unboxing that I actually did for one of my clients, and I actually have a video that shows the several different types of creative I developed for them. So, if you are personally creating this creative for your brand, be sure to check that video out. Now, the last ad type I want to talk about is called the testimonial cut and paste. So, something that's actually a very popular strategy on Facebook ads is to use a customer testimonial directly in the ad. But I've actually found that this specific strategy wasn't super effective for the brands that I was working with, with the exception of this slight tweak. So, many brands are simply going to take the testimonials and curate it themselves to look something like this. But I've actually found more success lately by taking a screenshot of the actual testimonial and pasting it directly on the ad creative. Now, I think the best type of things that you could screenshot are Instagram DMs, Facebook DMs, or even Facebook comments and Instagram comments. Something that looks like you're viewing it from a mobile device cuz likely people are going to be discovering your brand on the mobile device. Now, I think the reason why this ad type works so well is because these kind of testimonials are a little bit harder to fake. And therefore, potential customers are going to be more trusting of it because it seems like a more organic and authentic review. Now, it's kind of interesting. I personally don't automatically assume that all the testimonials that I see on ads or websites are fake. However, I have heard from a lot of my non-marketer friends that they automatically assume that these testimonials are fake. So, I want you to tell me in the comments below if you believe that customer testimonials that brands use on their ads or their websites are fake cuz I think it could lead to a very interesting discussion. Either way, this type of ad is super easy to create, and I like using it in GIF or image form. The last thing I want to talk about are the free tools that I use to develop all of this ad creative. And the first one is Canva. Now, this is going to make any of your image-based content creation super easy, so your benefits overlay, your features point out, or even your testimonial cut and paste. These are all things that I make in the free version of Canva. And honestly, I tried other platforms and software, but they just don't work as well. And for light video editing, I use the mobile app called CapCut. And I know I've mentioned this in another video, but this app makes video editing super easy. It's kind of feels like you're creating an Instagram Story. Additionally, for video, if you want to create TikTok or Instagram Stories style creative, then just use those specific platforms. There's no reason that you have to add another layer of complication. You can totally just create that content and then save or download it to your mobile device, and then use that on your ads. And that's it. Leave me a comment with the ad creative that you're going to try first from this video. And if you enjoyed this video and got value from it, please give it a like so that YouTube will show it to more people. Okay, guys. Thanks. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [5 likes]: Which one of these ad designs are you going to try in 2021?!
  2. @Badr-zs9vc [2 likes]: Thank you so much Dara Creative!
  3. @leveluporganics8663: I love how you simplify these ad creatives Dara! You definitely inspire me! Do you work with small budgets or only large spend ad campaigns?
  4. @misterhanwee1030: Weeeeeee~ Gonna try these out~
  5. @HoMeP1able: Hey Dara I just recently discovered your channel and I’m loving it. For tiktok and instagram videos that I would use for facebook feed placement, should I add side bars so video is 4:5 or 1:1 ratio or I can keep them 9:16, what was your experience with that?
  6. @haleymcdonald197: Great ideas! For the example where you take snapshots of actual testimonials, do you have to ask the customers permission? I am going to test this out with my retargeting ads.
  7. @ssin616: I’m extremely cynical and initially think all customer reviews are fake, but I’m not the consumer and my point of view will forever be different from theirs. I’m curious to learn what the average consensus is on that tbh
  8. @ahmadvirk2154: Great content Dara Thanks.
  9. @taminoemth2486: Great content!
  10. @pophabitatTV: Gold content! just wondering if facebook policy would allow tiktok logos on ads? anyone rejected on this or is it all good? :D
  11. @maryjessiree6774: hello.. may i ask what app should we use in making/editing ad creatives?
  12. @maryjessiree6774: hi dara can you make a separate video  teaching us how to make a effective ad creative for cold audience and also what kind of ad creative for are effective for warm audience
  13. @guneetify: Hey. I’ve been struggling writing benefits for products in my store. My store has cat products like keychains etc. what’s a benefit of having cute keychains? Thanks 😊
  14. @basilward8098: thank you great info ....
  15. @meetadbox1925: Great video as always!
  16. @joshualozada9593: Just found out about your channel and it really is helping me to get new ideas! Thank you and I hope you will make more videos on social media marketing. :)
  17. @yutsiyutischi8889: I personally don't like testimonial based ad. If they use an Influencer I know, then I would trust. But a random person from nowhere doesn't give that sense of credibility.
  18. @PrintedBonnet: Thoroughly enjoyed this video and plan on testing out the call out feature.
  19. @LennyYT: Sadly many fake it. There are even UGC companies.
  20. @epicprism2936: Straight to point.  I like that.  Thanks Dara

- Why I Started My Advertising Business For Carpet Cleaners at 37|The Story You Need to Hear! (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en hello carpet cleaners for those of you that don't know me my name is john williams i am the ceo of a company called heb or at grow business and we specialize in digital marketing for the carpet cleaning industry we have worked with hundreds and hundreds of carpet cleaners across the usa and worldwide and we continue to do so over the last 12 months alone we've spent over 2 million dollars on paid advertising for carpet cleaners so we really know exactly what works what doesn't we've tested literally everything and i personally believe there isn't another company on this planet that has spent as much as we have that has done as much testing as we have that has run as many carpet cleaning paid advertising campaigns as we have i simply simply want to give back to the carpet cleaning community as much free value as i humanly can so let's dive in i just wanted to jump on here and give you kind of a little bit of an insight into why me a british guy at the age of 37 all those years ago decided to start a marketing agency that specializes in the carpet cleaning industry and then went on to work with the hundreds of carpet cleaners across the usa and just kind of give you a little bit of a back story around that because often you know i talk to a lot of people and they're like how the hell did you come to like the niche of carpet cleaning and how did you come start a business like this and come to work with all these carpet cleaners across america and across the world so i just wanted to share my story with you guys and you know maybe give you some inspiration for your own business and all the rest of it maybe not maybe it's interesting for you so basically i used to work at a corporate office for an engineering company it was a career that i'd held for 20 20 plus years and i'd risen up i used to work in the technical drawings department so we'd do all the technical 3d drawings of like air conditioning and lighting inside buildings and stuff like that i'd risen up through the ranks i'd reach the point where i was managing the technical drawings department had people working underneath me and the money it was all right you know what i mean it wasn't too bad it wasn't amazing but what the problem was was that the atmosphere in the office it was a truly truly toxic atmosphere there were some really really nasty pieces of work that worked there people that would throw you under the bus people that weren't doing their job properly and would very easily hide behind others there were certain members of staff that were real bullies as well and just real nasty pieces of work and it was a very stressful environment there were a lot of tight deadlines with millions of dollars riding on it and the department that i worked for was the last kind of step in the chain if you like so we always had the short you know for the other people hadn't been pulling their weight we always had the shortest amount of time at the end to try and turn it around so there's a lot of pressure on my shoulders a lot of stress and it involved working with a lot of not very nice people as well and i've worked for a few different companies in this industry and it seems to be a pattern you know that it wasn't just one particular company it was like this in many places within this industry that i work for i used to hate it you know it reached a point in my life i used to dread going into work i used to almost be having panic attacks you'd be so anxious because i could say some of the lower level management and stuff would be could be quite abusive towards you could be quite nasty people put a lot of pressure on to you and then when things didn't go right they're very quick to blame you even if it wasn't your fault and i used to dread it i used to absolutely dread it and i quickly realized that you know what like at the time i was what 37 yeah i quickly realized look man this is it for you john for the rest of your life do you know what i mean this is going to be you till you retire putting up with from people that you hate dealing with all of this crap and then average money having to ask permission to take a day off and being given just 20 days of annual leave and holidays a year having to explain yourself if you feel ill or sick you know having to make up the time or whatever i was asked permission to go to the dentist all of this kind of stuff and i just thought the idea that this is it for the rest of my life that this is all i'm gonna do i'm gonna be dealing with this crap and these people forever and this level of stress it probably made me the most depressed person on this planet you know like the idea of that was just compare the thought of that you know so i started to seek started to think about like what else i could do with my life how i could get myself out of this situation short of winning the lottery right then if you're new to this channel new to this content you need to us and you'd like to find out how we can help your carpet cleaning business too the link the scheduler links in the comments and so is the website and stuff like that check us out schedule a call we'd love to hop on with you share the screen pop the hood on our system we'll literally show you everything during a 60 minute consultation and you can make a decision if you want to try and figure this out for yourself or be if you would like to work with us directly and we'll do it for you and help you to take your carpet cleaning business to the next level and i just want to end on this one simple thing you know what i realized as i've gone on this journey as well is that in the beginning it was really about me trying to change my life and trying to find that freedom and stuff but as we've had more and more success it's really blown me away how this program has been able to be so impactful on people's lives and have such an impact on their businesses that it's actually given me like a real purpose in life to know that we're helping so many carpet cleaning business owners and we're having such an impact with that program it means the world to me it really really does so this has really gone beyond just that personal freedom now this is really what gets me out of bed now in the morning every day helping as many carpet cleaners as possible and i'm on a mission to try and help as many carpet cleaners as possible as well so yeah if you'd like to find out about working with us hit us up schedule a time we'd love to meet you we'd love to show you what we can do no obligations of course so yeah that's my story and i'll see you on the next one cheers [Music] you

- Why I Started My Advertising Business For Carpet Cleaners at 37|The Story You Need to Hear! (Part 3): Kind: captions Language: en hello carpet cleaners for those of you that don't know me my name is john williams i am the ceo of a company called heb or at grow business and we specialize in digital marketing for the carpet cleaning industry we have worked with hundreds and hundreds of carpet cleaners across the usa and worldwide and we continue to do so over the last 12 months alone we've spent over 2 million dollars on paid advertising for carpet cleaners so we really know exactly what works what doesn't we've tested literally everything and i personally believe there isn't another company on this planet that has spent as much as we have that has done as much testing as we have that has run as many carpet cleaning paid advertising campaigns as we have i simply simply want to give back to the carpet cleaning community as much free value as i humanly can so let's dive in people these days wants things as easy as possible and as fast as possible that's why all of these startups like uber spotify ubereats have been super successful because they make it easy to go from a to b you don't have to go to the record store anymore and buy a cd you can click on an app and you can listen to music instantly if you need to book a taxi you don't need to call someone or go to some taxi office or hail somebody down and have cash in your pocket you can press a button on your phone and schedule a taxi and you can hook up your paypal account or whatever so you don't even need money in your pocket it's fast it's convenient and that's what people want and i saw an opportunity here for the carpet cleaning industry imagine for a customer they can simply click a button press a few buttons give their information and book a carpet cleaning for their home or get a price without having to speak to anybody on the phone from the convenience of messenger how huge that would be so i saw that opportunity and decided to go all in in the carpet cleaning industry i knew certainly in america there was tens of thousands of carpet cleaners out there that all need jobs every day that this system could be amazing for and then when it comes to marketing agencies and stuff there's some real cliche niches that all the marketing agencies go after like chiropractors dentists real estate so on and so forth and there really wasn't much competition when it came to carpet cleaners there really wasn't anybody else doing this and certainly not this system at that time that i'd come up with with an ad that goes to like a messenger chatbot thing and so i thought wow this is a real opportunity so i kind of went all in with it and i had to hustle i had to work hard to get my first client and when i did i was working night and day to drive results and to refine this system but i did got some results from it and stuff like that and testimonials and then things just really evolved from there you know words started to spread organically more and more people started to sign up my team my company started to grow we started to bring on more and more team members fulfillment customer services and we started to develop the program as well and since those heady days years ago when i was developing this thing we've now added you know text message marketing email marketing we're able to turn a new customer into a repeat business customer we've added research so we're going to go in do customer research competitor research into your area we're going to use that information for the ads and of course you know we're going to send that to you it's going to be super useful for you as a business owner so we're providing that extra value so we've evolved everything so much since those very very early days but yeah that's pretty much how it came about it kind of just kind of organically happened through going on the journey of wanting to get out of my situation with my old job i wanted to do something new figuring that out just start realizing that i need to focus on one industry and then kind of having that light bulb moment in the terms of carpet cleaners and how this messaging system could be really revolutionary so that's my story since then you know we've worked with hundreds and hundreds of carpet cleaners generating you know some of those guys fifteen to twenty thousand dollars in new business every month and we continue to do so to this day so yeah you know like anybody that's out there that's watching this that's a carpet cleaner thinking of starting a business a carpet cleaning business that's maybe you know or people that are doing it part-time like honestly like make the jump man like do the work do the grind do the hustle get yourself into that spot where you can do this full-time because the freedom that it will give you is amazing and for me like the freedom that this has bought in my life is more valuable than money or or anything like that you know what i mean it's incredible you know what i'm saying it really really is it's fantastic to be a business owner and to be in control of your life and your destiny and stuff like that so anybody that's watching this do make that jump it will completely change your life absolutely then if you're new to this channel new to this content you're new to us and you'd like to find out how we can help your carpet cleaning business too the link the scheduler links in the comments and so is the website stuff like that check us out schedule a call we'd love to hop on with you share the screen pop the hood on our system we'll literally show you everything during a 60 minute consultation and you can make a decision if you want to try and figure this out for yourself or be if you would like to work with us directly and we'll do it for you and help you to take your carpet cleaning business to the next level i just want to end on this one simple thing you know what i realized as i've gone on this journey as well is that in the beginning it was really about me trying to change my life and trying to find that freedom and stuff but as we've had more and more success it's really blown me away how this program has been able to be so impactful on people's lives and have such an impact on their businesses that it's actually given me like a real purpose in life to know that we're helping so many carpet cleaning business owners and we're having such an impact with that program it means the world to me it really really does so this has really gone beyond just that personal freedom now this is really what gets me out of bed now in the morning every day helping as many carpet cleaners as possible and i'm on a mission to try and help as many carpet cleaners as possible as well so yeah if you'd like to find out about working with us hit us up schedule a time we'd love to meet you we'd love to show you what we can do no obligations of course so yeah that's my story and i'll see you on the next one cheers [Music] you

- How My $300 Facebook Carpet Cleaning Ad Made Over $5000!: Kind: captions Language: en hey there folks Tyrone here from Greenhouse systems so I got something pretty awesome to share with you today uh probably about two weeks ago I started a carpet cleaning ad um it spent up a little over 300 bucks um just small investment right but guess what that small investment I've already generated over 40 leads and brought in by five thousand dollars in returns isn't that something amazing so I thought why not break it down and show you guys exactly how I did it if you're all about growing your business getting more leads and making your ad spend work harder then you're gonna love this let's Dive Right In [Music] thank you all right let's get into it um I'll start by going over the numbers so the amount spit uh so far we spent 311.61 cents um good on the Impressions the good thing is the CPM cost per thousand so we're running that 25 a day so we're reaching almost two and a half to three thousand people a day so that's real good I mean the ad is resonating with the client they're interested in it um 186 link clicks that's good uh cost per click 168. uh like link clip through rate 0.66 that's good um Clips getting a lot of clicks CTR is good yeah so that is doing good it's only been running two weeks so this is a messenger ad so let's look at the messages see how many messages we got so far Okay so we have 44 messages so I bought that 44 I closed around like 26 yeah so around 26 out of these 44 so far um good thing about that almost six thousand dollars in um in Roi already um just in two weeks so it doesn't take a lot you just have to make sure your ad is set up right um but yeah so next let's get into let's look at the actual ad itself all right everyone I just want to talk a little bit about uh the quality ranking um there's another reason too you know your ads could be doing bad so go for mine so uh at relevance um rank your ass perceive quality um so I'm average on that um that's good because most quadrant just it's just below average so engagement rate ranking I'm above average um it's a ranking if your ads expect the engagement rate includes all clicks likes comments and shares um doing real good there uh conversion rate ranking so I'm above average which is great so um ranking your ads expect a conversion rate your ad is ranked against ads with your performance go and that's another thing um a lot of cleaners got to understand too don't copy ads like Facebook knows the algorithm and they can tell when the ad is copying they're gonna they're not gonna give you you're gonna go below average bad impressions you see I'm running two ads so I run a general ad and I run a pet ad so if you run the same Impressions uh CPM like says it's real good uh link clicks CBC you already saw all this so all right so we're next we're gonna get right into the ad all right uh let's go over to ad creative um what I usually like to do I usually do six placements it depends I do Facebook Stories Instagram stories Facebook feed Marketplace video feeds and Instagram feed so these are the six places that mainly people are at so let's go over the creative this is how I usually like to write the ads so first thing I'm gonna do is feed on a pain point so our stuff our stubborn pet staying sport the look of your carpet well then I'm telling them well this is how I can help you without expert services and pushing us around the areas we're here to save your day and your carpet all right uh tell them what we do and also what I like to do too um like do bullet points uh unique selling points expert carpet cleaning professionals proven pet stain removal Ultra fast dry times outstanding customer satisfaction and um also too you have to have social proof in here so just some statements for your customers some reviews also too you have to have a good call to action so I like to build up curiosity in my ass for them to reach out um and let the AI take over in the messaging so uh curious about special offers click Send message to book your appointment discover exclusive deals today um everything has to flow together same thing with the headline um did farewell to pet stains so that's a good description uh send message um something so any other things than that so one thing like I was saying and earlier like we have to stop copying ads you can go on ad Library you'll see the same ad 30 times and if you wonder why like your impressions are down here CPM is high like it's because you're copying ads it's easy to make an ad I mean you just have to need to understand getting on your pain points giving them a solution telling them what you do and then going to the testimonials with a great call to action uh make sure you add in emojis too all right so that's pretty much for the asset this is only one half of it the other half is the greenhouse system setup to it what really makes it flow yeah so getting in the uh Facebook version API uh it's a quick note so if you don't have this setup you really need to set it up because it'll cut your cost in half um so you can see my browser conversion API uh event match quality is great you want to have your pixel set up too um I'll be making another video for that uh you can hop in the comments if you have any questions you want to ask or anything you might want to know all right so let's get into how the leaders actually funneled through so we run messenger ads so once they reply we have a certain message we want to reply uh yes I would like a quote so it will come in it will come into right here in this carpet tree and it was sent out a messenger a hello contact uh thanks for reaching out about our carpet cleaning service please fill out our quick form for a quote so we send that so we want to get them in the system we can lead them away from Facebook if we want that's no problem so if they hadn't clicked it'll wait 24 hours if they have clear it'll just remove them from the workflow but if they haven't they'll send them another message you know have you had a chance to fill out it's not a thing with another two so we're not going to keep pressing we're going to reach out to them three times through this so same thing just freely monitor our custom cleaning quote is still waiting for you uh so we have a trigger Link in here so so we'll know if the link is clicked and it'll just remove them at any time uh from it so from there they click the link this is where the magic happens uh the form is submitted the form has um all the information so it has how many rooms they want um stairs hallway any pet treatment so I asked all the questions for you in the form uh takes a lot out of selling you don't have to do it and you can do this at scale so the form comes in once it's submitted it hits the conversion API goes in for a lead so you all you always want to have this in where you submitted form so and then it could build the audience up quicker through the algorithm so everything's assigned to user uh Eternal notification sent out uh lets me know leads came in send a text and an email uh the email it will have an actual it'll have what they want in there then the good thing about this then we're going to use chat GPT for the response so once we have all the information that they want uh how many rooms and all that we're gonna send this to chat GPT then it's going to send it back out with the response with the quote and the booking link so that's really about it for uh Facebook ads this is how we're really getting it so if you have any questions I'm creating the course right now uh for this so it'll be real in depth and you know you just want to make money without a lot of wasteless ad spinning so all right until next time so don't forget to subscribe and like the video too and drop in the comments you have any questions all right folks that wraps up our Deep dive into how a little over 300 turning out five thousand and forty leads with a simple carpet cleaning ad we're going through the ad itself discuss the power of Facebook conversions API and taking a look at my follow-up system to help convert those leads into sales remember the key to success in any AD campaign is understanding your audience testing your strategies and having a solid follow-up system in place it's not just about getting those initial clicks it's about turning those clicks into customers hope you found this breakdown helpful and that it inspires you to try out some of these strategies in your own business I love to hear about your results so don't hesitate to drop a comment below and share your experience if you found this video valuable please give it a thumbs up and share with anyone else you think might benefit and if you want to stay up to date with the latest tips and insights don't forget to hit that subscribe button turn on notifications uh so you won't miss any future videos thanks for watching here's to your success in your next ad campaign this is Tyrone from Greenhouse systems

  Top Comments:
  1. @ffyjt: Hey everyone, Tyrone here! I'm thrilled to share this journey of how a $300 Facebook ad for my carpet cleaning business turned into a $5000 success story in just two weeks. I hope this video provides you with some valuable insights and strategies that you can apply to your own business. If you have any questions or if there's anything specific you'd like me to cover in future videos, please let me know. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more content like this. Thanks for watching and here's to your success! #AdSuccess #FacebookAds #BusinessGrowth

- $9500 In 35 Days with Facebook Ads for Carpet Cleaner - Client Interview: Kind: captions Language: en make sure that you're ready for the tsunami of work that's going to come your way hi everyone my name is ahmed and today i have mr cornelius and sarita brown with me they are one of my clients and we've been working together for the last 30 35 days and in the last 35 days they've done almost 9 500 in terms of you know jobs booked and revenue for their carpet cleaning business but before we get into that uh if you could uh you know introduce yourself sir and if you could introduce yourself ma'am and tell us a little bit about yourself uh what you've been doing before you're getting into carpet cleaning uh you know we could start from there okay well i'm cornelius thomas with steve thomas cleaning service and i'm sarita brown with seasons cleaning service and we both have been running this company for the past uh i've been on board for 11 years now and primarily we were doing uh house cleaning but because of the coronavirus we decided to let the house planning go and focus on carpet cleaning and so this has been a journey for for the both of us yeah and actually the company actually started back in 1977 by my father as a carpet cleaning business and then he started to move in and expanded to um house cleaning and commercial cleaning and carpet cleaning kind of took a back seat as just an add-on to janitorial services and um he i've worked with him ever since i was four years old you know during the summers or during uh getting out of school and often on so i went after going to college i decided i would go into the corporate world and i stayed there for about five years and my father got sick and i had to make a decision as to whether i wanted to just let his legacy just go to the wayside or if i wanted to step one step in and take over and keep his legacy going so i decided to do that back in 2005 but even at that point i still primarily maintain the house cleaning and utilize the carpet cleaning as an add-on service and not as the primary service but like she said once the pandemic hit it was like okay we have to make a shift because all of the house cleaning customers are starting to cancel understandably why you know not sure who's coming in if you have corona or not so it was like okay the best way we could still get in there and not have to touch anyone's property is to primarily focus on flooring so that's where we were and like i said that was uh last year when we decided to really okay and uh when you were working in corporate was someone else running the business was your father in the business or uh was it uh not being done at that point of time yes he was running the business when i was uh in the in the corporate world i guess you could call it um yeah he was running it he had helpers and uh employees that worked for him but um he was still in the field himself okay heavily and how how large is your business or how many employees or contractors did you have at that point of time at that point i would i think he had as many as somewhere between 10-15 employees that he was working with at that time and uh did you continue with the janitorial business after the pandemic kind of uh you know the effect of the pandemic had reduced or did were you focusing mainly on carpeting or do you plan to go only with carpet cleaning well at the time of the uh at the time of the pandemic we were doing a lot of the move and move out cleanings for our realtors okay and we had about i would say about maybe 10 recurring clients that we went to every week or every other week or once a month or when they called so that it then it really wasn't something that was really scaled on a major major level it was enough to uh you know pay the bills and and uh and get back but we saw that the profitability within the carpet cleaning was really there so i was like okay let's see what we can do with this and you also mentioned commercial the leaning and you some amount of commercial work um is that something that you were focusing on earlier or was it something you got into later later on in the business um it was always uh there where we would have like you would have a contract and say we the contract would expire it always i would never really pursued it but i guess the business had such a uh a track record that someone always came and filled in if someone left okay you know if if a client uh if we lost a contract because it had expired it was always someone that was right there that was like well can you come give us an estimate you know a proposal so it was always one that was right behind it waiting so as far as any type of marketing we got registered with um who was it eva so a lot of a lot of times some um there's a board that you could go to for state government contracts so we would utilize those and sometimes to submit proposals but you had so many people that were submitting proposals they came in you know far and few in between okay okay let me um let me step back a little bit uh and i also want to ask you how do you think the business has changed you know you said it's been there since 1977 and uh you know it's it's almost like a generational business at this point of time and you've been working in the business since you were uh you know almost a kid so how have you seen the business changing since the time you started uh you know in the business to the way that things are being run nowadays um i'm going to say the major change would be technology the use of technology um even something as far as accounting my dad everything was like pen and paper so one of the things that i did was to institute an accounting system quickbooks because he had no idea um the scheduling um and better products uh a lot of the products are more uh green or eco-friendly whereas before it was throw anything that you can find at it and see what happens and now it's a lot more scientific i would say in um of the cleaning itself uh do you see any change that's come about in the way of the actual cleaning is being done you know compared to the way it was being done 20 30 years ago like i said it was just i would say it's just knowing the products that you're using more so now but as far as the techniques a lot of the techniques remain the same um if it's work if it's not broke don't fix it type mentality yeah um do you think of anything else that would you say was different than the way it was before i know with carpet cleaning it's a lot different because back then it was shampooing carpets yes you're leaving a lot of residue on the floors um you didn't really have anything you didn't know anything about rinsing um you know spotting so that's definitely changed within the floor carpet cleaning yeah and knowing your ph has gotten better yeah and do you remember what kind of investment you had to put into the business audio you know when your father started out what kind of investment he made into the business and when you took over again after you left the corporate job what kind of investment did you have to make in the business when you wanted to take it uh you know off the ground well i know that his initial investment was he started the business with a 5 000 loan from the bank okay and um so at that point in 2005 when i stepped in i had been working with him uh on a part-time basis so a lot of the uh customers were aware of sorry about that that's okay so i was asking you about the investment uh that you think uh you know you made into the business um when uh you took over the business yeah so the um investments that i made were primarily in upgrading the equipment um like i bought uh new my first thing was i bought a new portable that was more powerful um and what else did i do that was pretty much it for for a good while what new equipment and um signing out with the vendors because that's how we were able to get yeah and uh getting it's not incorporated what is the word i'm looking for signing up with that that service or it's not a service a government agency certification that's what it is it's being uh swim certified that's what we do so i get swam certified um so that was a you know less than 500 investment so because i kind of stepped into something that was already running it really didn't require me to have a lot of out of pocket expenses and um do you use a portable or do you use a truck mount now we use a truck mount now okay okay yeah so we use both like if we run into anywhere that's maybe like a high-rise uh third floor or above we'll have the portable with us to make sure we can get the job done yeah okay and how are you marketing your uh business so far before we were utilizing uh home advisors angie list goldsmith can you think of anything else that we were using yeah yelp google uh and a lot of those were pretty expensive we had tried facebook in the past and that was right before the pandemic uh we had been using facebook for about maybe about two months and then the pandemic hit and once again we started getting cancellations so we're sure we're going to be able to maintain the ad span with not knowing if customers are going to be opening the door for us or not or calling it cancelling ahead of time so uh we kind of just played about ear for about eight months i guess you could say before i reached out and found you because it was like okay it's time to really get back on the horse and uh gotta tell you once we connected with you it was a world of difference immediately and when i say immediately i mean you set the expectations where it was going to take a while for the uh algorithm to learn what we were doing but we started getting immediate results within hours from you going live it was like i think within three hours 10 leads came through that same day that we went live and we were doing it before the uh agency was promising us maybe 40 leads a month yeah and you mentioned you would try things like thumb tank kanji's list and things like um how did they work out for you uh did you pay for any of those services or were they always free did you use the free versions no we were they were paid okay and with home advisors it started out okay until i learned what they were doing and what i mean by that is if a lead comes through you no matter what you're doing you have to stop what you're doing and you had to try and be the first person the first contractor to contact that person because they were selling that same lead to anywhere between three to five contractors so if someone just simply got to the phone before you did your chances of gaining that person as a customer diminished tremendously so you almost had to respond within say two minutes of that lead coming through or and you had already paid for it whether you got it or not it was already you know because it came through your phone it was already paid for and you still no chance of getting the lead so that was uh yeah um with google that was more google we paid we did some google paid ads for a while okay and uh they got really expensive but we're start we started to have some trickle in some uh leads trickling through organic without you know paying for anything so how is google organic working for you say how's google organic working for you it's it's not something that you can place a budget on because you never know when something is going to come through okay um it's not enough to even try to do projection with it you know organically okay if you're not paying you're getting pushed down yes you know on the map so you're really relying on that you have really great reviews and people will go down far enough when they're looking for copyclean to see those reviews so it's like it it does help with uh when you start paying for your google ads but at the same time it's extremely expensive and what what are your top two or three services that you offer um it would be carpet cleaning hardwood floor cleaning and towing grout cleaning and upholstery so i guess that's for out yeah and how's the business uh in terms of seasons um is this a good season right now and you think uh winter is coming up so how do you expect it to perform over the months in the past when the holidays come around we tend to get busier okay so um i would say it's we've been around for so long is i wouldn't say that it's seasonal because you know we did have you know some customers that from the past that were called periodically so um i mean at this point it's never been to the point that it is right now where it's like it's 24 hours a day and it's non-stop it's never been like that even my father's running it at his busiest point when he had major contracts like philip moore's horse and it still was not uh uh a constant source of new clients you know it was if he was busy was because he was working on this one contract that he has to keep going to every day or he is problems that's arriving but it was never the way that it is now where 20 leads a day 30 leads a day it's never been like this before ever and i know that you were very particular about having a bot uh you know as part of the system wherein you know the bot is answering the questions and things like that and a lot of my clients we've found that sometimes the bot is not as effective and a lot of times we don't use the bot so how have you found uh you know the bot performing uh you know for you and uh how uh you know what's your level of satisfaction with the performance of the bot well with the but of course because we have been using the bot before i anticipated some of the glitches that were going to be there that you had mentioned as far as it not having the correct response to a question that someone may come back in because that condition hadn't been set yet but i knew that that it wasn't a major concern because as long as someone can eventually jump back in and follow up with the bot and maybe let the customer know that that was a bot it wasn't a human you know they everyone seems to be totally understanding i haven't experienced anyone that was frustrated you know with the bot yet so if they're fine with it i'm okay with it because we also put in some saved replies in the box where we're able to say okay they asked about upholstery cleaning and that wasn't actually in there so we'll just go in and say this is these are the prices for upholstery cleaning or they may say do you move furniture and the bot's not set up to answer that question so we have saved replies as to whether or not we remove furniture so it's working out pretty good for us i would say with you all right um so uh how did you first hear about me and what made you you know approach me sir i was looking for someone that could had had experience with carpet cleaning advertising through facebook so i went through i compiled a list of about seven people or seven agencies and i just did research when i saw the interviews or the testimonials on youtube and the people looked worn completely out from working so hard one guy was like seven days a week and i knew no one is going to make that up i was like that's real i was right he was not joking it's really you know it's like anything that any most of the time when you see people doing a youtube uh video you know you really don't know if you can trust them but when you have those testimonials backing you up that really does help it does and um like i said you've exceeded my expectations i had we had no idea that it would be like this i can't say that enough and did you have any concerns when we started uh you know the process when you started speaking with me and i also have a lot of questions you know i ask about your business your finance finance and things like so did you have any concerns at any point of time about any of the you know either in the process or either sending money overseas and things like that um no i didn't because i have a a general management background so from the marketing aspect i understood why you were asking those questions because if you don't have a benchmark there's no way for you to know if you're performing well or not so by me having that background i knew why you were asking those questions so it didn't concern me and sending the money overseas it was like okay we'll do it one time if it don't work it just doesn't work but you got to try it yeah and paypal was you know that made it more secure also and do you remember what goal you set when you were you know filling out the form what was your initial goal and you do you think you do you know if you meant those goals i think that we can make those goals i know that we didn't quite hit the goal that i'd say before but if you add in what was actually booked you did exceed that goal and with the like say 60 day goal oh say i think i had like 12 something in there um i think that we can hit it the only reason why we wouldn't be able to hit it may be because my that's body would be the only reason it's not because the work is not coming in it was something that would help that we had talked about would be maybe tweaking the pricing a little bit to uh to reach those goals also um like you know i would rather do a hundred jobs at 200 rather than 200 jobs at 100. so i'm just tweaking that the price a little bit should help us reach those goals okay and uh let's see if there was someone who is considering uh you know working with me and uh they are not sure whether or not to go with me what would you be your uh you know advice or suggestion to them well my first question would be to make sure that they're not in my area because i know whatever you do for them is going to work [Laughter] but my advice to them would be you gotta try it and my advice to them would be buckle up because it's coming hard and it's coming fast it's like so if you're not ready you don't want to hire me because he's going to make sure that you get a lot of work coming through so it's like make sure that you're ready that would be my advice make sure that you're ready for the for the uh tsunami of work that's going to come your way let's see if uh someone who's new to the industry i see a lot of people who are new to the industry who keep joining the forum assignment they ask a lot of questions what would be your number one piece of advice to anyone else who's thinking of getting into carpet cleaning or any of the cleaning services it would be to learn as much about the industry as you possibly can and you can do that through um by getting certified i think it's i crc i think that that for the carpet cleaning uh take classes never think that you know everything always be a student of carpet cleaning and cleaning in general because things change learn your different chemistries as far as your carpet cleaning know your ph balances of the products that you're using just overall always be learning because it was easy for me to think that you know i know what i'm doing i've been doing it for this long ever since i was a kid but the more i learned the more i realized i didn't know and it's like wow so yeah that would be my advice to continuously learn about it's not just it's not just pulling the wand across carpet it's learning the chemistry learning what type of carpet it is and what chemicals you can put on they're not that's that's some piece of advice for anyone else who's looking at joining the carpet cleaning industry those only questions i have now sir uh at this point i think we can uh you know i'm going to stop the interview at this point but uh if you would hold on you know i can continue with the discussion that we have for that we had planned earlier okay yes all right thank you sir thank you for joining up today thank you

- How to Make AI UGC Ads in 2026 (Full Course): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using AI for your UGC ads, you're literally wasting money. Because whether you're a brand owner or an agency still relying on human creators, you already know the problems that come with it. People constantly miss deadlines. You have to ship out products. Every single revision can take days or sometimes even weeks. And by the time your ad is finally out, the trend's already dead, and you're just watching your ad budget burn. So, you're spending more than people using AI. And you're also wasting time, too. And in ads, time is everything because the ones who win are the ones who test, learn, and launch fast. And that's exactly why these AIdriven ads are blowing up right now. You can create 10 ad variations in a single afternoon without ever having to ship, reshoot, or wait on anyone. You can control every single variable, the look, the tone, and the script. And after testing pretty much every AIGC platform out there, I found the one that stands miles above the rest. The tool is called Arcads. And instead of just replacing other platforms, it adds a bunch of really strong hidden features. And so in this video, I'm giving you a full course on how to make UGC ads with AI inside Arcads step by step so you can start creating content faster, cheaper, and higher converting than anything you've ever done before. If you want to follow along with this course, there's a link to Archads in the description below. So feel free to follow along if you want. All right, so with that being said, let's jump in. When you first log into Arcads and want to open a new project, you just click this button up in the top left corner. That's going to open up this window here and this is going to be your main working area. Let me give you a quick walkthrough of how the interface works. Up top right, you have this plus button. That's where you can see all the ads you've generated before and you can either recreate them or add them as assets to your new project. Right next to that, you can control the workflow you're working on. Down at the bottom, you have your main prompting window. This is where all the main work happens. And if you look up here at the top, you'll see it's split into three key tabs. Talking actors, videos, and the Seymour section. Think of these as your main categories for everything you'll be working with inside Arcads. The first one, talking actors. This is where you'll be spending most of your time because it's the feature that actually brings your ideas to life, letting you turn a simple script into a fully AI generated UGC ad with real movement and emotion. On top of that, this is where you can create your own AI made influencer to promote all your products and keep the person fully consistent every time. Then you have videos, which we'll cover in more detail later. And you'll want to stick around because it's unbelievably good. To put simply, this is where you can tap into the top AI video models and build full ad videos from the ground up. Inside the more options tab, here you'll find some additional features that make your ads feel more complete. For example, there's unboxing POV. This one lets you generate those naturallooking unboxing videos that always perform well on Tik Tok and reals. Then there's show your app, which is perfect if you're promoting any kind of software or mobile app. It makes it look like someone is genuinely showing your app live on their screen. You also have upscale, which does exactly what it sounds like. It cleans up and sharpens your videos and images to make them the highest resolution possible. And finally, there are the animate actor and replace actor tools. Both of these can animate static images or replace people in clips and they're great for reusing content you already have. So overall, everything is organized really intuitively. With that being said, let's dive into the first and the most used feature, talking actors. So first thing you want to select the highest model available by clicking here. For me, it's this one right here. Then you've got two options for adding your script. You can either record it or upload it. You can either go with text to speech, which is basically where you paste in your script, or speech to speech, which is where you actually talk it in. The AI copies your tone, your intonation, everything, which makes it super accurate. Arcads works really well with just text, so you don't need to record anything if you don't want to. Text is perfectly fine. That's what I'm going to be using right now. And finally, the way you can add emotions. I'll get into that in just a second. And now I'm leaving it unchanged. Before choosing our actor, we need a clear idea of what we're promoting. I'm going to be promoting this gloss highlighter from a brand called Rei. It looks really cool. It's a pretty popular product and that's what I'm going to be using today. So, for this idea, I want a girl in a pretty casual environment who looks young. With that in mind, we can go ahead and select our actor. When you click add actor, you'll see this library pop up, and there are literally over a 100 actors available. If you hover over their images, you can listen to how they sound. And you can also sort them by tags. I'll sort the characters by female, then pick young adult. And that already filters it down a lot. You can also narrow it down even more if you don't see anything that fits. You can add filters like situations or accessories. For me, I'm going to stick with Margaret right here. And I'll also add Erica. Once that's done, I just click add actors, and it automatically adds both of them into my workflow. Now, I'll add in my script. The way I like to make my scripts for AI UGC ads is by opening a new ChatG window and asking it to make a UGC ad script without any headings or quotation marks. I'll write a Gen Z UGC ad script for a brand called Refi. The product is a gloss highlighter. The ad should be super chill and promote the product. Then I copy the full product description from their website and paste it in so the AI knows what the product looks like and what it does. It gives me a simple, clean ad script. And I copy it back into the prompt window in Arcads. And this is where the fun really begins because now you can start adding emotions. You can do that by clicking the add speech emotion button. It'll process for a second and then automatically add emotions to each line of your script. You can add or remove them however you want. You can even type a slash and then the emotion you want. For example, I'm going to add cheerfully right here. Once you've added your emotions, you're almost ready. The final step before generating is to set up the voice settings for your actors. Most of the voices already match the actors well. But to show you what's possible, I'll change one of them. I'll click here, choose age, young, set the language to English, but you can select from a bunch of different ones, and even choose the accent. For this example, I'll go with American. Now, I can pick from different voice options. I'm going with Sandra. Let's take a listen. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors you can use for your ads. As you can hear, it sounds super clean. It doesn't have that weird muffled sound that a lot of AI voice generators have. That's one of the reasons I really like using Arcads. Now, I'll edit the settings a little bit. I'm going to increase the speed a bit because I want this ad to sound casual and natural. I'll decrease the stability. That's what makes the voice sound too monotone. If you're targeting an older audience and you want it calmer, you can increase it instead. But for me, I'll keep it lower. Next is similarity. This controls how similar the AI keeps the voice between different generations. If you're making multiple versions of the same ad, maybe changing the hook, lowering similarity helps make each one sound a little different and more natural. So, I'll keep stability and similarity at 0.25. Style exaggeration gives the voice more emotion and personality. So, I'm going to bump this up to around 0.4. For Margaret, I'll keep the speed a bit lower so you can hear the difference. I'll leave stability and similarity the same, and I'll slightly increase style exaggeration to 0.5. Let's take a listen. >> Okay, wait. This Refi gloss highlighter might actually be my favorite thing right now. It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. >> It already sounds super realistic and really good. I can't wait to see the final result. I'll go ahead and click this button to generate it once both of our results are generated. Let's take a look. >> Okay, wait. This Refi Gloss Highlighter natural glass skin glow. like it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. natural glass skin glow. Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose. and done. Effortless. >> It already looks amazing with the newest model powering Arcad's talking actors feature. The hand gestures match the speech. The lip sync is perfect and the emotions come through clearly. It really does look real. So, this is going to be your base UGC ad. Next, add your B-roll and supporting footage to make it even better. So, it's almost impossible to tell it wasn't filmed by a real creator. The first feature we're going to use to create B-roll is called video. it can do some super impressive stuff and I'll show you that soon. Right now, we're just using it for B-roll. So, the reason B-roll is crucial is because it shows that you're actually promoting a credible brand, which matters a lot if someone watching isn't sure whether they should buy or not. So, here's the plan. I'll click here and make sure the best model is selected. Then, I'll change the length to 8 seconds. And for the prompt, I'll write make an ad-like video of this product, like someone is making a professional ad and showing off how good it is. The product is a gloss highlighter. Then I'll click send and we get back a really cool looking ad. >> The RFI gloss highlighter. A weightless gloss finish that melts into skin for instant luminosity. Natural radiance. Zero stickiness. Refresh your glow. Ref. >> It honestly looks unbelievably real, like an adshot in a professional studio that would normally cost a ton of money. Thanks to the top-of-the-line AI video generators Arcads uses, you can generate this in just a couple of seconds and have it ready to use for your B-roll. I'm just going to take certain parts of it and use them in our ad just to make it feel a lot more professional and add some diversity to the video. And honestly, I want you to stick around for the final result of this ad because it's going to look amazing. The next feature I want to show you is show your app and it's really powerful. This one is perfect if you're promoting software or mobile apps. Basically, by uploading an image of your app, you can then add an actor who presents it on screen. There are a bunch of different actor options right here. I'm going to select this girl for this one and click remix. We're not promoting an app right now, but I'll just use this as an example to show you how it works. So, I'll add my picture and then click send. And this looks really good. All the reflections on the screen make it look super natural, and you can easily use this as B-roll and your foundational UGC ad. It sells the illusion really well because it looks like the actor is actually showing your app or product live on screen. Next, we're using the unboxing POV feature, and it works really well for product shots. It's another great option for B-roll because it adds realism and variety to your ad. From the templates shown, you can find one that fits almost any product. There are outdoor templates, some on a bed, some on a sink, so it really works for anything. Since our product is a skincare product, I'm going to pick the one that's filmed on a sink because that fits perfectly. And when you upload your product image here, it can make a video of someone unboxing it. and this one looks amazing. It looks exactly like a real unboxing video would. The contents look natural and the way it's opened feels just like a real unboxing Tik Tok. Now, the final thing we're going to do is upscale all our footage just to make sure everything is in the best possible quality before we take it into our editor. So, I'll click on upscale, upload all of my footage one by one, and once that's done, I'll bring it into my video editing software. right now. >> It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. >> Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. >> A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. >> I think overall we've created something that looks really good. But there are still a couple of ways to generate ads we haven't looked at yet. One of them is inside videos and it's one of the most powerful tools in Arcads. So, let's check that out next. What makes this feature so powerful is how good of a result you can get from just one prompt. By clicking here and then here, I can choose between a bunch of different generators, and it has all of the best ones. For me, the best one right now is this one. So, I'm going to select it. It adds a few settings you can tweak depending on the generator you choose. I'll set the duration to 12 seconds and the resolution to 1080p. Now I can paste in my prompt. Because I'm using Sora 2 Pro for this, I'll go with a prompt that works well for that model. Yours might look different depending on which one you go with. What makes Sora 2 really good right now is that it actually understands and adapts to a lot of the trends that are currently popular. So I can write something like what's in my bag promoting this product right here. I'll click add reference image, upload my photo, and then press send. Okay, little what's in my bag moment. I always have this guy with me. It's the Rare Beauty gloss in the shimmery pink shade. I love how simple the packaging is and the color is so pretty. It feels really smooth, not sticky at all. Gives that soft gloss without trying too hard. >> And the result is exceptionally good. Everything from how the character looks, which is super realistic, to how the sound works, which is also really impressive. Sora 2 is actually really good at adding background sound, so everything feels way more natural. The way it interprets my prompt and understands that wasn't my back trend makes it just so easy to work with. This is one of the fastest ways to create greatl lookinging UGC style ads. The only drawback compared to the other ways we did it earlier is that this one requires a bit more prompting knowledge and it's a little less customizable. But there's a way around that and that's by using the preset feature. This lets you pick anyone you see here as your starting point. That way, you already know what your actor looks like before generating the video instead of getting random results and only seeing the person after it's done. This is really helpful if you're trying to reach different demographics or you have a certain style you're going for. So, I'm going to select this one right here. I think she fits the best. One thing to note here is that you can't upload your own photos here. This is more for spoken style ads, but you can still customize everything else about the template. I'll paste in my prompt. Click generate. >> Okay, quick what's in my bag moment. I tossed most of the random stuff out, but this stays with me everywhere. It's the Rare Beauty Gloss in Nearly Rose. Look how pretty that shade is. Just a soft pink. And the packaging is super simple and cute. I love how light it feels, and it gives that healthy little shine without being sticky. >> I think it's really cool to have templates like this, especially when you want to see your character clearly before you start generating. You can then adjust everything else according to your idea. The last two features we're going to test out is the animate and replace actor features. By clicking here, you'll see two options. The animate feature animates your character image using a reference video. On the left, you just upload the video you want your image character to follow or use as a reference. The replace feature replaces the current person in the video with your chosen character image. To test both, I'll use the same reference video for each one. I just took one of the ads we generated earlier as my base video. And for the character image, I'll import this picture of Angelina Jolie. Then I'll click generate for the first one. And then do the same thing for the replace feature. Okay, wait. This Refi gloss highlighter might actually be my favorite thing right now. It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. >> In our first generation, anime works really well and lets the character follow the motion in the reference video. The animation looks natural. The lip sync fits. Everything just works. on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, >> And replace works really well. It fully swaps the person out and puts our character into the clip. Both of these are really powerful tools. They're a bit more niche in terms of use cases, but I'm sure most of you already have some ideas in mind for how you could use them. So, now you know exactly how to make UGC ads with AI in all of the most powerful ways possible. You now know how you can use the Arcads ad library to generate ads that fit every demographic, create your own actors completely from scratch, and use all of these supporting features like the show your app feature, B-roll, and the unboxing POVs to make your content look insanely real. You've seen that these AI generators can create full ad videos in seconds, faster than you'd ever get a revision back from a human creator. And the best part is you now have full control. You don't have to wait for people to record. You don't have to ship out products. You don't have to chase anyone down or deal with missed deadlines. You can generate a 100 different ad variations in under an hour. Test as many hooks and formats as you want and have every single piece of content ready exactly when you need it. And it's all possible because of our cuts. That's what makes this platform so powerful. It takes the complicated, time-consuming parts of UGC ads and makes them instant. You get speed, flexibility, and complete creative freedom all in one place. If you want to start creating your own UGC ads with AI, just use the Arcads link in the description and you can get started right away. And I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [7 likes]: Create Ads with Arcads 👉 https://youricreates.com/arcads-course
  2. @tallerdecomic [5 likes]: Gold, like allways man! Thanks!.
  3. @Rmrobiulyt19 [2 likes]: Excellent job
  4. @Englishconversationpractice786 [1 likes]: Best knowledge shared in the video
  5. @staynaturallyshinin: wow cool
  6. @thecursedlanternmusic: Another winner you got here!
  7. @Khang-jk8np: Very good job 👍
  8. @afzalhossain879: Thanks for this good video

- How I Automated My Entire UGC Ad Creation with n8n: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys. In this video, we're going to see how you can set up an AI agent that can convert a product image into a user-generated video using n8n. In this video, you'll see exactly how the process works. Type in a short instruction, upload a product photo, and let the AI create a professional-looking UGC ad video in just minutes. >> Lately, my hair's been super weak, so I tried Tanvi Essentials Kesh Bala oil. It's herbal and meant for hair fall and split ends. This is perfect if you run an online store or sell on marketplaces. Because it saves you time, cuts costs, and helps your product stand out with engaging content that feels real. I'll show you how to access the workflow and set it up step by step. To do that, first we need to get the n8n hosting. So, we are going to purchase n8n from Web Space Kit, where we get unlimited workflow executions and unlimited active workflows. Since n8n is open source, you get so much more benefits when you host it on your own on a platform like Web Space Kit. So, to host n8n on Web Space Kit, just click the link in the description, and it'll take you to this page. Scroll down and click choose plan. Here, choose how long you want the hosting for. Then, fill in these details, here enter your payment details, and click checkout. Now, click here, and you can see that we have successfully got the n8n hosting. So, once you've got the hosting, next we need to set up the n8n automation. To do that, just scroll down, click on go to setup, fill in these details, click next, and it'll take you to this page. Now, this is the place where we are going to create the workflow. You can create a workflow from scratch, but it takes a lot of time. So, to make things easier, we've already created a workflow template, and it is available on Web Space Kit for free. So, to get the template, go back to Web Space Kit, scroll down, and here you'll find different workflow templates for various AI agents. Since we are going to create a UGC ad generator AI agent, let's select that, and click download. Perfect. The template has been downloaded to our computer. Now, we need to import this workflow into our n8n account. So, let's go back to n8n, then click here, select import from file, and upload the workflow file you just downloaded. As you can see here, we've got our workflow. All right, we have successfully imported our workflow, but it's not functional yet. You may have noticed a few warning signs on the nodes in the workflow. These indicate that those nodes still need to be configured. So, to make our workflow fully functional, we need to set up some of the nodes and connect them to our workflow. So, let's go to the second step, which is to connect Dropbox with n8n. To connect Dropbox with n8n, click on this node, click here, and click create a new credential. Here, we need to enter the Dropbox access token. So, to get the access token, let's click the link in the Click create apps, and sign in with your Google account. Once you're signed in, here select this option, then select full Dropbox, and give the app a name, and click create app. Next, go to the permissions tab, and enable these options. And click submit. Then, go to settings, scroll down, and click here to generate an access token, and the access token will be generated. Copy this token, go back to n8n, paste it here, and click save. Now, close this, and next, we need to paste the Dropbox access token into these HTTP nodes. So, let's open it, and paste the access token after bearer. So, now we have successfully connected Dropbox with n8n. So, let's move on to the third step, which is to connect Wave Speed AI to n8n. We'll be using Wave Speed AI because it makes the process of getting AI images and videos much faster, which is perfect for creating ad content quickly. To connect to Wave Speed AI, click on this node, and here we need to enter the Wave Speed API key. To get this key, click the link in the description, and click sign in, and select API keys. Here, give your API key a name, let's say UGC ad, and click create key. As you can see, we've got the API key, so let's copy it. Now, go back to n8n, and paste the API key here. And close this. We need to paste this API in this node, too. So, let's open it, and paste it here. And done. We have successfully connected Wave Speed AI to n8n. Now, let's move to the fourth step, which is to connect OpenAI to n8n. And we are using OpenAI to generate the instructions and the prompts that guide the AI tools in creating our UGC videos. To connect OpenAI to n8n, open this node, and select create new credentials. Here, we need to add our OpenAI API key. So, to get the API, and it'll take you to this page. Go to API keys, click create new secret key, give it a name, and click create. As you can see, we've got the API, so let's copy it. Go back to n8n, and save it. We also have one more OpenAI node, so just open the node, and it'll be automatically connected. And that's it. We have successfully connected OpenAI to n8n. Now, let's go to the fifth step, which is to connect Key AI to n8n. This is the tool which will help us turn our product photos into high-quality videos. To connect Key AI to n8n, open this node. Here, we need to enter the API key from Key AI. So, to get the API, just click the link in the description, Now, click get started, and go to dashboard. To get Key AI's API key, first we need to add some credits to our account. To do that, just click top up, select the package you want, then click on buy credits, here enter your card details, and complete the payment. Once you made the payment, go to API keys, click create API key, And our API key will be created. So, let's copy it, We need to paste the Key AI API key in these nodes. So, let's open the node, and paste the key here. and in the same way, paste the API key into these two nodes. Okay. So, now we have successfully connected Key AI to n8n. So, let's go to the sixth step, which is to connect Fall AI to n8n. Fall AI is used to merge the videos generated by Key AI into a complete ad video. To connect Fall AI to n8n, open this scroll down, and here we need to enter the API key from Fall AI. To get the API key, click the link in the description, and log in with your Google account. To get Fall AI's API key, first we need to add some credits. So, let's go to usage and billing, click on credits, select the number of credits you want, All right. Now, go to API keys, And your Fall AI API key will be created. Now, let's copy the API key, Now, we need to paste the API key into this node, too. So, let's open it, Perfect. We have successfully connected Fall AI to n8n. Now, save the workflow. All right. We have now connected all the required API services to n8n. Now, our workflow is ready to run. To run the workflow, click on execute workflow. In the instructions field, I'll type my request, upload the product images. And submit the form. As you can see the workflow has started to run. Once processed, open the output panel. Click view. And you will see a generated video. Lately my hair has been super weak, so I strengthen. Finally, click here. And download it to your computer. And that's it, guys. Your UGC video has been successfully generated using N8N. However, if you want to avoid all those steps and still create ads like these, check out Gravity Write. It lets you do it in minutes where there's no setup or no workflow required. Just upload a product image and boom, your UGC ad will be ready. With Gravity Write, you can also create 360° product videos, virtual product try-ons, and even VFX ad videos. All using your very own product images. And the best part, Gravity Write is running a limited-time deal right now, so don't miss it. Click the link in the description and try it out today. So, that's it, guys. Your N8N automation is ready. And if you found this helpful, give it a like and subscribe to Website Learners for more quick tutorials. Thanks for watching. Take care. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RGGamingYTT [3 likes]: Make video without n8n like previous video
  2. @RealStevenMOB [1 likes]: what prompt did you use for it to generate the video after uploading the images, i saw you copy&past a prompt.
  3. @GobariAkere [1 likes]: Can you please, share the workflow with me?
  4. @nazkhan5032 [1 likes]: Brilliant, this is personalized branded video. Could u please tell me how to change the voice ? I think it's an Indian accent voice , if I want to change the voice accent ?
  5. @Humanrightsj [1 likes]: how many video genereate on gravitywrite tools
  6. @WebsiteLearners: ♥ Get N8n Hosting & Workflow ➜ https://webspacekit.com/n8n-workflows/ai-ugc-video-ad-generator/ 
❤ LIMITED TIME: Get 1 Year of GravityWrite at $97 🔥
👉 Visit ➜ https://gravitywrite.com/

🎬 Automate your tutorial videos too. Record silent, export polished → https://videomule.ai

🚀 Want to turn any product photo into a viral UGC ad video automatically? In this tutorial, learn how to create and automate UGC ad videos without any editing skills!

💬 What product would you create a viral ad for first? Drop your idea in the comments below — I’d love to see your creativity! 👇
  7. @milonhossain3019: How much money need to Gnanret 1 UGC video ? Pls ans
  8. @anamrakib2194: he never reply
  9. @ij_96: Hi, how to change the voice and accent of the avatar? And also if I want to add my own script how do I do that?
  10. @SmartSombie931: Very impressive, but how to integrate payment in the agent
  11. @TrustyOne_Motivexx: How to edit video like yours?
Which tools are using ?
Can you tell me ?
  12. @eXpertWpi: The workflow is currently not functioning as expected. Despite several attempts to modify and reconfigure it, the issue persists.ـ?
  13. @hridoys_official: can you give me this workflow
  14. @poolandgarden: Can u pls help me. I had really simple SSL installed on my wordpress website , but once I switched the domain and DNS to godaddy it won't give me SSL... so google keeps saying my site isn't secure. There's no control panel on godaddy to upload an SSL certificate unless you pay for a premium hosting plan...and then you have to renew the SSL every 3 months and this is all a very expensive and frustrating process.  Please advise me on what to do...I just want my website with godaddy domain to have https and be secure. Please help. Please please help. I've spend 350 already and i dont have anymore money to spend
  15. @amitvibes76: hi @WebsiteLearners your sessions are really informative and helpful. I have been following you from a long time. Can you please help me to understand how did you create the subscribe animation of your on the screen while the video was playing?
  16. @Karthikeyan-v8b3n: Can you suggest me a AI tools for choosing right audiance to target for increse leads.
  17. @Foodie4751: Hi, Thanks for the informative video. I really appreciate it, mate. I was checking there is any way you can share with me the UGC workflow template, as I already have n8n hosting with me. please. Thanks
  18. @ViralHub-i: Hi i have followed all the steps and purchased everything from your links but iam getting error in workflow which i download from webspacekit. I think that error is because of dropbox because when i execute workflow it doesnt generate any image in wavespeed ai. So due to that openai gives error. Please help me to reslove this issue.
  19. @saim5146: Total cost for this for all tools please mention
  20. @zakizamani542: i know about the add image, but to maintain the voice where can i make changes so that it will be the same voice only

- How To Make Viral UGC Ads Using AI (COPY ME): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to reveal how you can create highly profitable AI UGC ads just like this. Most energy drinks, sugar bombs, fake hype, and a crash that leaves you worse than before. Catalyst by DRVE is built different. >> The person that you just saw was not real and the voice that you just heard was fake. Even the script was generated by AI. In 2025 and rolling into 2026, UGC ads are the go-to for many big and small e-commerce businesses and even brands in other industries. However, there is one big problem. Hiring real UGC creators is extremely expensive and inefficient. To make just one ad on average, you're looking at spending anywhere between $100 and $350, plus weeks of waiting and coordination, reaching out to micro influencers and content creators, and I'm not even talking about revisions and how long reshoots take. But of course, there's still a reason why people are paying thousands of dollars and going through all this complexity to get their hands on these UGC ads. Think about it. If you're scrolling on Instagram or TikTok and you see a highly polished ad created by some big brand, you're just going to scroll straight past that because you immediately know that it's an ad on your feed. But user-generated content bypasses that entirely because when you see an ad in that type of style, it blends in and you think that it's just another creator on the platform. So if you want to create insanely effective and high converting UGC ads using AI entirely, then stay to the end of this video because I'm going to walk you through the most comprehensive step-by-step guide that you can just follow along. So I even went above and beyond because I'll give you a completely free four-step roadmap that you can just plug and play into your business or advertising efforts. Let's get into it. We have to gather winning ideas first. The key to idea generation here is not reinventing the wheel entirely. We want to model what's already working out there. So let's say that our product is an energy-boosting supplement. The first thing that we want to do is head over to Google and search for our competitors. I'm just going to go ahead and type in vitamins for energy and [music] tiredness. Now the logic behind doing a quick search is you can see the top-performing brands that are currently running ads. So this one that comes up first here, I am 8. Let's go ahead and click onto their website. This definitely looks like a pretty well-built-up brand. I'm even seeing they're backed by David Beckham here. They were created at the University of Oxford [music] and they have tons of testimonials. I mean, the product page just looks insane. So the next step for us once we found a brand like this in our niche is to go over to the Facebook Ads Library so we can see exactly what ads they're running right now. As you can see, all you have to do is type in the name of the brand, I am 8, and then you go ahead and click on the one with the most amount of followers, which is probably their main page. And just like that, Facebook does a lot of the heavy lifting for you. As you can see, they're currently running 520 [music] ads right now and it looks like all of these are active, which means this brand is absolutely killing it and these ads are making them a fortune. Otherwise, they wouldn't still be running them. Now all you have to do is scroll through their ads and make sure that you're taking a recent ad, typically one that has been posted within the last 30 to 60 days and is performing [music] well. This is the one that I found right here, so I'm going to go ahead and play this. Let's talk about one that's actually worth it. I am 8 daily essentials is different. It's a clinical grade formula with 92 essential nutrients backed by experts at Harvard, Stanford, and Oxford. It's where cutting-edge science meets elevated daily performance. It supports energy metabolism, cardiovascular health, immune function, and even cellular and cognitive performance. Zero sugar, no fillers, no synthetic junk. Just pure potent performance-driven ingredients in doses that actually work. I take one powerful scoop every single day to fuel my performance and honestly, I wouldn't go without it. >> So right away, I can tell that's a pretty solid ad, but don't worry. You guys don't even have to tell because again, we're already taking a proven concept, an ad script, and an ad idea that we know is working for another brand right now and all we have to do is rip the transcript. Now when I say rip the transcript, I don't mean take all of it and literally use it one for one. Of course, you can edit it afterwards, but the idea here is that we're building off of a proven concept and there's a very sneaky and easy way to do this. All you have to do is use Loom and Loom has a free plan as well. Go ahead and record the ad live on your screen and Loom is going to automatically give you the entire transcript for the ad and then once you have the transcript, all you have to do is copy it. And just like that, we have the full transcript. So now we can come over to ChatGPT or Claude. Those are my two favorites for this kind of stuff and then go ahead and copy and paste this prompt right above the transcript. Basically, this prompt says, "I need help creating a script for an AI creator. These creators are natural but not as natural as real people. So the script needs to be smooth and casual. [music] Create a 20 to 30-second script for insert your product and your brand here." So I'm just going to say for DRVE's new [music] energy-boosting supplement based on this winning example. Keep the same psychology but make it unique to my product. [music] You can even add a little bit more about your product as well. My product feels like a caffeine-free rocket launch. It is perfect for entrepreneurs, creators, entrepreneurs, creatives, and anyone that needs a mental boost during their work day. And then again, full transcript below and just go ahead and hit enter. Now let's take a look at the script here. Most energy products rely on caffeine crashes, sugar spikes, or artificial fillers. Let's talk about one that doesn't. DRVE Catalyst is different. It's a science-backed formula designed to give you clean, long-lasting mental energy without jitters, without burnout. Think of it like a caffeine-free rocket launch for your brain. Perfect for entrepreneurs, creatives, and anyone who needs focus that actually lasts. No sugar, no synthetic junk. >> [music] >> Just pure potent ingredients in doses that move the needle. I take it daily to fuel deep [music] work and it's become non-negotiable. If you're serious about performance without the crash, Catalyst is the one to try. Wow. I mean, right off the rip, like that sounds super solid. But as you can see, you can easily have ChatGPT spin you out a couple more alternative versions with different tonal angles. You can do one more casual, one more punchy, whatever you think would best fit for your brand. Now remember, just as we're not ripping the transcript one for one, you probably don't want to rip the AI script one for one either. You maybe want to add a few different tweaks onto it, make it your own. I'm in fact going to make this one a little bit more casual. Can you make it a little bit [music] more casual and appeal better to a Gen Z audience, please? I don't know why I'm saying please. I feel like that's telling my robot I'm using manners with my robot. That feels strange. Um anyways, he says, "Perfect. Let's loosen it up, strip away the corporate-sounding parts, and make it more natural. Most energy drinks, leaves you worse than before." Okay, I like that hook better right away. So I'm just going to go ahead and take this transcript and now the fun part begins. We get to bring this script to life with AI creators using this platform called Arcads. Right now, these guys are the market leaders when it comes to AI UGC generation and they by far have been creating the most realistic visuals. So much so that we've probably all seen them on our feeds and not even known that they're AI. I've created this little project folder called YouTube video here. Now all I have to do is go ahead and select [music] new project. And as you can see, they do have a bunch of different styles. So you can make the actors react to show emotions. You can even use B-roll within the video themselves. You can add [music] different scenes. Uh I'm just going to go with the classic one, which is the talking actors themselves, and paste the script right here. [music] If you want to say the script out loud, you can also use speech-to-speech generation. But because we have this transcript ready to go, I'm going to go with text-to-speech and then go ahead and hit enter. Now there's this little button at the bottom that says add actors here. So we can actually scroll through all of these different options and select which AI character we want to use. Now for this product, we're targeting a slightly younger audience, so I'm going to go ahead and filter for young adult. And right away, we have a lot of different options to work with. I'm going to pick somebody that looks like the type of person that would be taking supplements on a day-to-day basis. Maybe they're already wearing some type of fitness-related clothing. How about this girl sitting right here on her yoga mat? Now for some variety, I'm just going to add a couple more people in the mix. Hey you. Well, And then I'm going to go ahead and click add actors right here. Now that all the information is here, just go ahead and hit enter and let Arcads do its thing. Man, there's also so many more features. Like you can literally preview every single different actor's voice [music] to make sure that it's good before you start generating the video. On top of that, with speech-to-speech generation, I can bring my own tonality in it so that the [music] actor matches my tonality because if I know that saying the script in a certain way is going to generate better results for my brand, [music] then I'll do the speech-to-speech instead of text-to-speech. You can also fine-tune the voice, adjust the speed and clarity, stabilize it for more consistency throughout the ads, and even add [music] style exaggeration to bake more emotion behind these AI actors. It truly is incredible how far Arcads has came just within the past couple of years. Now after literally 3 minutes, we have all these videos generated and bear in mind, I could have generated 10 or 20. And this is where things get really exciting because once we find a style that works, well, [music] we can just double down on it and instantly create more UGC ads to start testing. But let's go ahead and start watching some of these. Most energy drinks, sugar bombs, fake hype, and a crash that leaves you worse than before. Catalyst by DRVE is built different. It's clean, caffeine-free, and actually gives you that locked-in mental boost you need to power through work or creative I swear this is so crazy. Like it's it's genuinely borderline indistinguishable. The only reason why I know is because I know that I created it with AI. But imagine you just see it on your feed, right? Like you can't not tell the difference. Most energy drinks, by DRVN is built >> Okay, I feel like low-key this actor isn't as good, but hey, that that's why you can use multiple actors in test. Most energy drinks, sugar bombs, fake hype, and a crash that leaves you worse than before. Catalyst by Deven is built different. That's just awesome. Let's check this one. Most energy drinks, sugar bombs, worse than before. Catalyst by Deven is built different. It's clean, caffeine-free, and actually gives you that locked-in mental boost you need to power Man, that's crazy. If I had this tool back in the day when I was testing so many Drop Shipping products, I probably could have tested like 10 different products a day with this. This is literally a completely unheard of gap in content creation right now. But we're not done here because things get even crazier. This could be just the base of our video, and now we can mix in other B-rolls and other visuals to take this ad to the next level. I'm just going to use CapCut on my phone because I'm not a pro video editor. And after just a couple of minutes [music] of using the same ads that I just downloaded to my phone right now, you can create videos that look like this. Most energy drinks, by Deven is built different. It's clean, power through work or creative sessions. Imagine a rocket launch for your brain, but no jitters, no late-day crash, just steady [music] focus that keeps you in the zone. Look, you should be using your own footage or royalty-free stock footage that you can find on the internet. I know it's tempting to go to competitors and just [music] rip some of their content and use it easily to create these beautiful ads, but the videos that you've seen me generate are strictly for demonstration purposes. If you're planning on running this for your own business, make sure that you don't break any rules or you don't do anything illegal in the process. Now, most of you guys by the end of this tutorial are probably completely sold and ready to get off to the races creating your own AI ads. So, if you want to create AI UGC ads almost indistinguishable from a real person at an extremely cheap cost [music] and the ability to test dozens and dozens of new faces to see what works, then go down and I'll have the first link down below in the description, a sign-up link to Arqads. And since you're a killer and you've made it this far in the video, I didn't have to do this, but I'm going above and beyond and I made a full step-by-step guide that I'll also leave in the description. It's 100% free. I'm not going to try to collect your information or even upsell you anywhere. Just go ahead and use that plug-and-play template to make ads just like the [music] ones you've seen me make in this video. That's it for me today. If you guys want to check out another exploding industry with AI right now, I'll leave another video up on screen. But thank you guys for watching and I'll see you in a few days. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MuhammadAbdullahSajid-q3v7s [4 likes]: bro i didnt wanna tell you this but ive seen creators make 10x better UGC AI vids, this is A$$, I wont share the name of the youtuber but js letting u guys know that look for someone else's method ;)
  2. @RichardReich [3 likes]: This is, by far, the best step by step guide I have seen on this subject. This is going to save me a lot of time. Thanks for doing this.
  3. @300zizo [2 likes]: THE MOUTH MOTION IS SO BAD. 
def doesn't look real!
  4. @gt777p [2 likes]: How are you  making money by posting products?
  5. @Warren-Vale [2 likes]: It doesn't have lip sync
  6. @WarpedGetaways [1 likes]: Can you do a video about the business side? There are a billion videos about how to use AI video generators. Zero are about how to create a company that sells this as a product
  7. @CreativityandLifeStyle-g3w: its not free
  8. @AniruddhaMishra: But the lip sync is still bad, these ads can’t scale $1M per month in ad spends.
  9. @HighEffortName: We need the organic version
  10. @trommelbiel: Arcads is not cheap,  young man.  Good walk through though
  11. @yusufansari-i2r: nice but if you see arcads plan is really expensive compared to others
  12. @KhanOthMan: 4-Step Roadmap To Generating WINNING AI UGC ADS? Not open it's show "Sorry, unable to open the file at this time."
  13. @livingfaith-g3v: arc only lets you make 10 a month though
  14. @oluwaseunakanbi8317: Good you zoomed in your pages so we can see what you are clicking on
  15. @Dramamainiac: Thank you for this video, I had  question about how i would make ads if there are no videos and just picture ads from the competition in my niche?
  16. @davidmorales2864: always say please never lose your manners even in next 30 years with future robots
  17. @KurtYaz-biz: Great guide Nate, another quick ? - how do you make your thumbnails?
  18. @tym5583: What bout digital products or products  software?
  19. @AniHobby: As a 15 years old and wanna try to make money but don't know where to start please help
  20. @Warren-Vale: Hey Nathan can you talk about ai apps

- How to Make Viral AI UGC Ads in 2026 (Full Workflow): Kind: captions Language: en Oh my god. Forget the sauce. >> Forget the heat. >> Forget the vitamins. Forget knitting. >> Yo, forget the pizza. Have you heard of 11 Labs? >> You need to try 11 Labs. 11 Labs. >> Have you heard of 11 Labs? >> Use 11 Labs. >> Try 11 Labs today. >> The UGC ad that you just saw was made entirely with AI in a few minutes. And you're about to learn how to make your own AI UGC ads holding your product with Nano Banana Pro, Vio 3.1, Cling 2.6, six and 11 Labs, including exactly what prompts to use for the best results. Now, the very first thing we need to do to create our AIUGC ads is create the actors within them. And to do that, we're going to be using 11 Labs. And to get started, you can click the first link in the description down below. Inside of 11 Labs, you just want to go ahead and use the image and video tool. And this is going to be the tool that we're going to use to create all the assets we need for our AI UGC ad. Now, here what we want to do is simply describe the AI actor that we want to generate in the prompt box below. And so, I'm simply going to paste my prompt. And we want to make sure that we select the Nano Banana Pro model as it's the best image model when it comes to generating realistic humans for AI UGC ads. Now, within my prompt, I'm simply describing the AI actor. So, I've got a young woman with natural skin texture, no makeup, wearing comfortable yoga clothes, standing in a sunny white kitchen. So, I'm describing the character and also the setting in which it's in. But now, one very important thing when it comes to creating the AIGC ad is at the beginning here I've added phone, front, camera, selfie. Because when it comes to making UGC content, which stands for user generated content, it's often phoned on a phone. And so we want to include this when it comes to generating. And now here, once we've selected Nano Banana Pro, we also want to go ahead and change this to 9x6 because I want to create 9x6 vertical UGC ads, but you can create any aspect ratio you like. I'm going to leave the resolution at 2K. And then I'm going to create four variations just so we've got a few different ones to choose from. Now, here we simply click generate. And when it comes to creating your UGC ads, sometimes having a compilation of a bunch of different characters is great, with each different character delivering a different line to the script. So, here's a few different examples of characters that we generated. And as you can see, now we've got the four different images that we've generated for our UGC AI actor. And so, I want to go ahead and use this third one right here because I think it's best. But now, what we need to do is place the product within the hands of this AI actor. And we're also going to be using Nano Banana Pro to do that. And so here what you want to do is click and drag your image, drop it into image references, and then here for the second reference image, you want to upload the image of your product. But here's a quick tip to get some better results. Now, for the purpose of this video, we've generated a fake product, which is the 111 vitamins. And to get more realistic results, we simply want to upload our product image as an image reference. And then I like to use the prompt create a 3x3 grid of different angles of this product. Then we go and change this to 16x9. And then we simply click generate. And the reason I do this is because it generates realistic looking different angles of the product. And then when it comes to placing it in a new environment, Nano Banana Pro is a lot more likely to adjust the angle of the product to match the AI actor while still looking realistic. Whereas if we only give it one angle and then it has to place it at a different angle, it might look a little different. And so this is just a quick tip to getting better results quicker. And now we've got 3x3 product grid references that we can use to place the product to make it look better in the hands of our AI actor. So we go and drag and drop the AI actor as the image reference. Again, still using Nano Banana. Then we go and drag the product grid reference as the second reference image. And the prompt I'm going to use is place the 111 product in the influencers's hand. Match the lighting of the product to the environment. The reason I include this second part right here is because sometimes the generation will look a little bit strange because it doesn't look like the product fits into the environment because the lighting is different. Whereas, if you include this, you're a lot more likely to get the result you're looking for. Now, what we need to do is make sure we go ahead and set the aspect ratio back to 9x6 because we want it vertical. And here, I'm going to set the resolution to 4K because once we generate this image, we're going to use this image to generate the videos. And when creating AI videos, the better the input, the better the output. So we want the highest quality resolution for that start frame. And so as you can see here, we've got the lighting on the back which is coming through the window at the back. And so it matches the environment a little bit better. Whereas here, it doesn't necessarily look like there's lighting on the product. And so here, you simply want to choose the image where the AI edit of placing the product in the influencers's hand looks the most real. And once you have the one you like, you can click on video. And this takes us to the video model and it sets the image holding the product as the start frame. And so here we're going to go ahead and choose the model VO3.1. We're going to change the resolution to 1080p because we want to output high quality. And I'm going to change the duration to 8 seconds so it's got enough time to deliver the script that I'm going to give it. And to do that, we're going to include the script in our prompt. So here, if I paste this prompt UGC star video of young woman walking through her house showcasing the 111 product into the camera and speaking. And then here from this point on is where I include the script. And now you'll notice here I've also included again the product name. And this is because AI video models take into account the prompt for every single frame of the video. And so if ever the influencer moves around or moves the product, Google VO3.1 is still going to know that the product is called 111. And then here, the reason I've included walking through her house is just so the video is a little bit more engaging. And we do want to make sure that we have audio toggled on. And then once we've done that, we just simply click generate. >> I was scared to try it cuz caffeine makes me super anxious. But um this is actually really nice. It's quiet. My brain just feels organized. >> And so as you can see now, we've generated the full AI UGC clip that we need for our ad of the AI influencer holding our product. And it looks great. The product looks good, the lighting looks good, and we're walking through the house, which makes the video a lot more engaging and dynamic. And you can go through and just use the one clip or you can go ahead and rinse and repeat this process. So, you've got multiple clips from different AI influencers. But to finish it and to make your ad look extra nice, we can go ahead and add an end screen. And then I'll show you how to bring it all together. And that end screen, the motion design one, is also created inside of 11 Labs. And this time, we're using Nano Banana Pro and Cling 2.6. And so to do that, we're going to swap back to image. We're going to scroll down back to the reference grid of our product. I'm going to drag this one in as the image reference. And then I'm going to use the prompt create a sleek looking product reveal motion design video clip of the 111 product. And the reason here I'm asking for a video clip even though it's for the image model is because it will look much more like the frame of a video. And so here I simply go ahead and change the resolution. Again we want to make this 4K. Click generate. And as you can see it generates these cool frames that look like they are pulled from a motion design ad. And here you can go and edit them by adding more prompts or actually tweaking the prompt. But if I scroll down and show you the previous one I had. I really like this one right here. And so I would go to video, drag this and use it at the start frame, and this time change it to cling 2.6 because cling 2.6 is much better at generating a motion graphics, motion design feel. And so the prompt I would use would simply be slow motion design. And as you can see, we've got this nice looking product end screen that we can stick on the end of our ad. And now to bring it all together, if I go on to the UGC video that we generated. If I click on edit in studio, we're then taken into the studio editor where we can actually go and import the rest of our generations. So I place the playhead at the end, click on video here. I click on the plus icon and now the previous generation is also imported into the timeline. And then if we generated a bunch of other UGC AI actors, we could also go and import those. And within Studio, we could then generate some music to bring it all together by simply describing what we want, clicking generate, and then importing it into our project. And now we have the background music. All so you can get something that looks a little bit like this. And that is how to make AIGC ads with 11 Labs. If you have any questions, let us know in the comment section down below. And if you enjoyed this video, don't forget to hit that like button. And if you want to see more, don't forget to subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NateTewolde-b6o [1 likes]: 1. thank you really helpful tutorial im gonna use it a lot
2. humanity is so fked
  2. @Tricker17: What is the fuckin point of all this, its so stupid, i hope with all my heart that people collectively destroy ai, seriously
  3. @VAIBWORK: do we need any subscription of ElevenLabs ?? to make this ?
  4. @no_oneValPikk1442: Max duration of Veo 3.1 is 8 seconds idiot, dont lie people!
  5. @doctorsgroupofficial: can you extend the video ? Or do you need to make multiple videos and piece them all together later?
  6. @YaelFirst-s9s: Thanks! this was very useful, is there a time  limit on the length of the video I can create?
  7. @WatchUnfilteredNow: Hey everyone. Love this, just tried it but not good if you wanna save money. If you wanna save money, you cannot use the models that he uses in the video and other models are just not as good. With the starter plan which is 20 something, you can basically create 2 of these videos that you see in this tutorial. I think there are better and cheaper options out there that give the same result. Higgsfield seems to be a very good one
  8. @Ummnadir09: I hopes this question gets seen!! What tier subscription is this service(s) available on?
  9. @Ummnadir09: This is just what I was looking for as how AI can reduce my work flow
  10. @thiccassboi4345: hey does anyone know how to make an avatar like shes talking (has nothing on her hand) and then she reaches something to pick it up. how to do it ??? PLEASE HELP
  11. @HalitSanir: Thank you for your efforts !
  12. @penguin500000: the purpose of UGC is to increase brand trust by having a real person talking about your product. AI UGC is a contradiction of this and brands that use it will become less trusted over time as people catch on.

AI video is great for product information videos and tutorials but AI UGC is just lying to your customers.
  13. @DanyloYermolenko: what about the price ?
  14. @Wyntasophia: You're a genius and my personal MVP of 2026. Thank you! You jusf gained a subscriber ❤
  15. @lucychen9369: Thanks, I've been looking for something like this!
  16. @shaik_aftab: This is solid work, Eleven Labs, I have always been a free user. I am now going to buy for Subscriptions because of also having the editor interface. Crazy work.
  17. @Cutedancesai: too expensive
  18. @maicoitalo: i am watching youtube premium?
  19. @estebanmejia: Very good video explaining the workflow. I have just one question: How can you control the dimensions of the product? If it is smaller or larger?
  20. @vengeanceu: the lack of shaky camera makes it less realistic

- UGC Ads Tutorial: Clothing Ads Commercials for FREE using AI (Step-by-Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en This is our model image. This is our cloth. And this is the model video with our outfit. This is our second model. This is our another cloth. And this is the model video with our outfit. An interesting thing. All will be done by AI. So let's begin. First open Google. Search Perplexity AI. Open this first website. In this prompt section, type create a fashion model using given prompt. Then paste your prompt. Check our description if you want this prompt to create model image like us. Now click on this arrow. Our model is ready. Click on regenerate if you want another variation. Now, this is a good one. Click on download to get this model. Next, go to Google and search Cai. Open this first website. Scroll down and open all tools. Then choose AI outfit. In AI virtual tryon, you can use these models and change their outfit with your clothes. Here we'll use our own model. For this, click on upload. Then upload a model image. Here you can add single garments or multiple garments with top and bottom separate outfit. We'll add single garments. Click here to choose number of outputs. Click on generate to create model image with your cloth. In this way you can change clothes of any model. Now click on generate video. Here they will give a demo prompt. You can change it according to your video output. We'll choose 10 second video. Click on generate to get your video. It will take some time to generate your video. After long process, our video is ready. Let's see the result. Click this download icon to get your You can also download model image in this image section. Just choose your image and click on download icon to download your image. In this way you can create AI model, change her clothes and create an ads video using these AI tools. Thank you for joining me in this video. If you found it helpful, don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more content like this. If you have any questions, feel free to leave your comments and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @hakimelaichi4006 [1 likes]: Wow ❤
  2. @Feli-k5s [1 likes]: Good luck, keep going
  3. @Digitalinvitationcreation: And what about watermarks
  4. @KaTilaokatKaAwAw: hello is that  Ai tools free or paid?
  5. @kirat272: Wow
  6. @zainabideen6606: Really amazing videos👏👏
But where we can find free mockups plz suggest us a free website.
  7. @prasenjitsinha4204: Please Make a video of pouch package design like cashews nuts, makhana,tea
  8. @nicoletoledo.7067: How did you do that? 😮😮
  9. @effame7: ได้โปรดแต่งแบรนด์เนอร์ใน canva ให้ดูด้วยครับ 🙏
  10. @effame7: 🎉

- Master Product Photography in Minutes -- Here's How!: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone my name is zach sopak and in this video i'm gonna break down the four basic areas of product photography and give you some tips on how you can master them this is a great video for beginners or for seasoned creators who are looking to spice things up with their photos get it seasoned spice all right enough jokes let's get into it the first main area of product photography that's honestly the most important one for you to understand is lighting lighting is always the most important factor in getting a good quality image in most product photography situations you want to have a nice natural soft light to shine onto your product having a soft natural light will create less intense highlights and shadows on the product that you're shooting and having less intense highlights and shadows will create a more flattering looking light on your subject and in my experience i found that the best light that you could possibly use for photography is just window light the way that light from a window just naturally wraps around an object just makes it look so incredibly professional and the best thing is that it's absolutely free now the only caveat with window lighting is that obviously you can only shoot during the daytime and it's not always the best lighting conditions just because the sun is up doesn't mean that it's the right time to shoot depending on the time of day you might find that the natural light is too warm or too cool for what you're looking for or depending on where your window is positioned the lighting actually might still be too intense so if natural light doesn't work for you then obviously the alternative would be using studio lighting now whatever i'm using studio lighting to do product photography i'm basically just trying to reproduce the same effect that i would get from good natural window light so that means i use a light set to daylight temperature i use some sort of diffusion whether that's a soft box or whether that's some sort of translucent sheet to try to cut down on the harshness of that light because i still want to create those nice pleasing highlights and shadows on the product and the cool thing too about studio lighting is that you can obviously position things differently than if you were just stuck to one window so if you want to do more of a direct side lighting or if you wanted to do a more top-down lighting kind of situation you can easily do that with studio lighting and if i really want to take the studio lighting to another level then i'll use something like an rgb light and i'll add in some different colors to accentuate whatever it is that i'm shooting the second area of product photography that's important to understand and master is composition now if you're new to photography you may be wondering what is composition simply put composing an image means arranging the different elements within that image to suit the overall goal and outcome that you're wanting so when it comes to product photography you want to arrange every element within your image to highlight and to feature the product that you're shooting when people see your photos they should instantly know what it's about and what you're highlighting without a question so for example if you're shooting flat lay photography don't overcrowd your image with a bunch of different things just for the sake of filling up space and if you're shooting more of a real world use case kind of photo with that product make sure that whatever you do the product is the main feature and focus okay this is probably my favorite part of shooting product photography i love finding different textures and different backgrounds to really help accentuate the product that i'm shooting and really help it to stand out this also gives you a great opportunity to put your own creative mark on whatever it is that you're shooting the possibilities are really endless for what you can put inside of your photography i love just going around to the different surfaces in my own home like my desk like a coffee table i'll sometimes grab a blanket or just really kind of get outside of the box to find something that will add to the photo and create some nice interest and texture you can even go on amazon and you can find loads of different like marble type textures and wood type textures all these different types of flat surfaces that you can use to create new backgrounds for your product photography just keep in mind with whatever textures or backgrounds you choose to use that they make sense to the product and that they add to it and they don't take away from it [Music] now that you've gotten the proper lighting you've composed your shop properly and you've added some flavor with the textures and the backgrounds you got to put the cherry on top with your photo editing in this section i'm going to be talking about photo editing and more of a general approach specific to product photography however if you do want to learn more about the basics of photo editing i've got a really great playlist with a bunch of videos that i've made to get you started from not knowing anything to editing like a pro i'm gonna put a link to that playlist up above and down below in the video description when it comes to editing product photography the most important thing to keep in mind is that the product is being represented accurately to put it more plainly you want to make sure that the product that people see in your photography looks exactly like the product would be if someone was holding it in their hands this means that you may need to be a little bit more reserved in the way that you manipulate your colors and adding presets adding saturation different things like that now if you do find yourself wanting to manipulate some of the other colors in your image without affecting the main product then i would suggest you use filters and adjustment brushes and if you want to learn how to use those in the basic tool kit inside of lightroom i've got a video that i'll link up there and down below as well one other tedious part of product photography editing is removing all the little specks of dust and dirt and all the distracting elements within the image now like i said this is a tedious part of editing i personally don't love having to zoom in all the way to the logo of a product and having to remove the specs or having to remove little things in the background that are distracting but it really does help to make a difference the last area of photo editing that i want to touch on is correcting your angles now this may not apply to every single product or every single photo that you take but it is really effective for more boxy and angular products so let's say you have a rectangular product and you want to get a nice flat centered perspective but when you went to go take your photo maybe your camera was angled improperly there's a very helpful tool inside of lightroom called the guided transform tool and this tool allows you to easily correct these mistakes just by drawing these simple lines on the straight edges of your product and then just boom it snaps everything to place and gives you that nice centered perspective and there are your four basic areas of product photography and how to master them i'm curious to know what was something that you learned or what was something that i left out in this video why don't you let me know in the comments down below and hey if you got value out of this video why don't you go ahead and add some value right back to it by hitting that like button and also consider subscribing to this channel for more regular content just like this and don't forget to hit that bell icon so you know anytime i post a new video well hey until the next time my name is zach sopak i'll see you in the next video peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZacSopak [4 likes]: What are some more photography topics that you'd like me to make a video about?
  2. @billbass3801 [1 likes]: Great message about product photography. Very well presented.  Please offer a video regarding color balance, lighting etc. for product promotion photography.
  3. @GarrisonKulas-v5q [1 likes]: I’m genuinely mind-blown by the clarity of this!
  4. @TastySlowCooker [1 likes]: 1:41 You say that studio lighting is an alternative to natural light, but is it possible to use both together?
  5. @myheartwalks [1 likes]: I didn't know about guided  transformation. Thanks for that.
  6. @jordanwhite5470 [1 likes]: Couldn't get past the absurd hair ........
  7. @ChuckTipton: Great video and content.  Surprisingly large number of different locations for shooting, your video opened my ideas to some possibilities I hadn't thought about.  Thanks!
  8. @MattMakesKnives: The joke in the intro was soooooo bad 😅 it was so bad, that ironically I’m laughing so hard now so I guess it worked in a strange way 😂
But I genuinely got a lot of helpful and applicable info from this vid. I appreciate you making it!
  9. @EvaFernando-k4q: This video shows how to quickly improve product photography skills. Barr Photography is a trusted name for product photographer in Salt Lake City, helping businesses capture professional-quality images.
  10. @CarterJones-t4v: Great tutorial on mastering product photography in minutes 
Very clear and actionable tips Barr Photography is also a skilled product photographer in Park City helping brands capture professional and impactful visuals
  11. @gg48gg: What is that round, thin, soft light you're using at 2:26?
  12. @matthewsumner1925: Nice shirt!
  13. @liam_culb: Good tips, thanks 👍🏻
  14. @Elena_and_Me: Hello, do you have any tips for taking product photos of resin. I do floral preservation and often have reflections of the lights show up in my pieces
  15. @TheI5Report: Lens?
  16. @AmyAnderson-l5m: Great tips for beginners! I'm especially grateful for the advice on backgrounds and textures, which will definitely elevate my Amazon product photos.
  17. @herobear: Yes! Man
  18. @lightFilms_009: I've learnt basically everything you taught and more. Just the right video I was searching for. Having to use other background since one can't have all the materials at ones. It makes workflow easy and dynamic.
  19. @mcbenvics: Thank bruv🎉
  20. @my-magua: where can we find those laptop stickers?!

- 6 Pro Tips to SUCCEED in Ecommerce Product Photography | Lighting, Styling, Tools & Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, it's Thu from Hypop and today we're diving into the art of product photography for E-commerce. If you're excited to learn, hit that like button and subscribe if you haven't already done so. Let's get into it. All right. So before we dive into the actual shooting process, let's make sure your products are ready to be shot. Presentation is key, and you want your products to look perfect. So clean and polish them to perfection. And don't forget the packaging, it needs to be flawless. We don't want any wrinkles or dents stealing the spotlight. To avoid leaving any fingerprints on your beautiful products, remember to wear gloves during handling and remove any plastic seals that might hinder that perfect shot. First, let's talk about lighting. Should you use natural light or artificial light? As much as we love the sun, it's not the most reliable partner in the photography world. With changing weather conditions and inconsistent lighting, relying solely on natural light can lead to frustration and inconsistency in your product photos. If you're a business owner, listen up. To secure those captivating product shots that convert customers investing in artificial lighting is a must. Alright, so you decided to take product photography seriously and invest in a light. Which one is right for you? Should you go with a continuous light or flashlight? Both types of lighting have their pros and cons and the decision will vary based on factors such as the shooting environment, subject, artistic vision and budget. The perfect choice for beginners would be a continuous light like the Godox SL60 for example. With continuous lines, what you see is what you get. They provide a consistent controllable light source, making them an excellent starting point for your product photography journey. They're not as powerful as strobes. But if you're shooting small objects like we did here, you won't need that much power. Now let's talk about flashlights. My personal favorite. Flash lights offer more power and flexibility, making them perfect for tackling various shooting scenarios. With a flash, you're able to freeze motion, shoot objects of different sizes, overpower your ambient light and produce highly professional looking results. The Godox MS300-V for example, is a good option if you're just starting out. Now that your products are prepped and the lighting is set, it's time to consider the perfect backdrop for each product size. For ecommerce photos, a clean white backdrop is the ultimate classic. For larger items like furniture, opt for a larger paper backdrop roll. These wide rolls create a seamless Canvas for your grand pieces, allowing them to shine without any distractions. If you don't need as much space, consider half paper roll backdrop. This setup gives you the flexibility to highlight your products while maintaining that clean professional aesthetic. Here we're shooting a range of beauty products and for this shoot our half paper roll worked perfectly. You can even shoot bigger products like a small suitcase or a chair on it. Finally, for small products like jewellery, just a flat lay backdrop will do. You can use them to shoot your products top down, or you can use them like a seamless paper roll by taping one side on the wall and the other side on the table. They come in different colors and patterns and some of them are even double sided for more versatility. They barely take up any space too. So with just a few of them at home, you'll be able to shoot both e-commerce photos and styled shots. If you're interested in a tutorial on how to take styled shots of your products, let us know on the comments. Next up we have two essential tools if you're dealing with reflective objects. First off, we have our wide diffusion paper roll which comes in really handy for standing products. The diffusion material softens harsh reflections making sure reflective objects like wine bottles, for example, can shine without any distracting layers. They're really easy to use too. Just put them on a C-stand and roll out as much diffusion material as you need. Now for those line products photography cones are here to save the day. They come in three different sizes. This one is the standard size for small objects such as lipstick or sunglasses. This is the large cone for bigger products like a kettle, and this is a smartphone cone that has a really small opening. The way you use them is you place a product on a white background and then you take the cone and you put it on top like this. Now all you need to do is add a light source and it will wrap it around your product beautifully without leaving distracting reflections. If you want to take your product photos to the next level, turntables are a great investment. These incredible devices allow you to capture your products from every angle, making your customers feel like they're almost holding the products in their hands. Turntables also let you create 360 degree videos of your products. How cool is that? At Hypop, we offer the full 360 by Orangemonkie, which is not only a turntable, but an all-in-one solution. So really beginner friendly, if you're shooting smaller products. And the spin studio, that has a weight limit of 100 kilograms, so even humans can stand on it. Let's finish off this video with six pro tips for professional ecommerce photos. Now number one, use a color card for correct white balance. This will make sure your product photos look as close to the real life product as possible. Number two, if you're shooting with the camera, up for high F stop and low ISO or settings for sharp, clear photos that make your products pop. Number three, fill in shadows with a reflector to achieve a balanced and flattering look. Four, resist the urge to over edit. Your products need to look true to life. Five, utilize AI tools to remove backgrounds effortlessly ensuring your products shine against any canvas. Number six, complement your e-commerce photos with styled shots that create an emotional connection with your audience. For all your photography lighting and equipment needs, head over to our website at hypop.com.au. See you in the next tutorial.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chickenkm [2 likes]: 5:42 not all humans can
  2. @RetouchSense [2 likes]: Absolutely loved the storytelling and visuals! The dedication and hard work behind this kind of transformation is truly inspiring. Big respect to everyone involved in the process 👏🔥 Keep creating amazing content like this!
  3. @CarterJones-t4v [1 likes]: Excellent pro tips for eCommerce product photography. Very clear and actionable advice.
 Barr Photography is also a trusted Product photographer in Provo helping brands showcase products professionally and boost sales.
  4. @theodiamant7125: Fwiw, my workflow is now: take a basic product shot on my phone, upload it to Cheeppy, and then generate a bunch of different lifestyle scenes to match my brand. Saves a ton of time vs setting up lights etc.
  5. @ruofsonholiday: Thank you for this.  How can I use both natural light and flash photography for shooting tablescapes? Any tips will be appreciated.
  6. @albertstephensmedia9534: Where can I get those squares from?
  7. @НиколайВълчев-н4с: I`m to broke to watch this video !
  8. @SvenGrossenbacher: Number 1: Use a tripod to always have the exact same angles on your products - or go mad in post-production
  9. @Bleammyheart: What lens was you using?  I just bought a Nikon Z 50mm f/1.8 lens which is fantastic lens but due to my limited amount of room/space I have I'm finding hard to get everthing in the shot (Hoodies & Tshirts).  I'm not a photographer so not sure if I'd be better off with a 35mm lens or the Nikon Nikkor Z 24-70mm F4 S Z Mount Lens?  Great video, thanks.  ♥ from South London UK
  10. @ameerafridi307: Tutorial
  11. @mochamadrandhy1227: ❤
  12. @ClarityEditing: Lighting is very important for product photography. Your explanation was excellent! Very impressed
  13. @mrschindlers: is is correct to shoot the products without tripod, with just hand? does not that cause to vibrations?
  14. @Photo_Reviser: Really helpful breakdown — loved how you covered reflective surfaces and the lighting options in such a clear way. We’ve run into the same issues with product cast and cone control, and your tips on diffusion material are spot on. Great content for any studio starting out or refining their setup!
  15. @Samivibes_97: perfect tips. Loved the whole video.
  16. @shutterpresswild: Wow super madam
  17. @aderounmuadewole6342: Am interested
  18. @MyPlantWorld: which tool is best for background remover
  19. @KarthikeyanOnline-vk6bg: Great Video for Learning, please  upload Creative Product 
Photos  like these videos
  20. @riovidyatmaka: 3:59 i'm interested. have you made it?

- Make Your Product Photos POP with this EASY single light setup: Kind: captions Language: en all you need is a single light source it doesn't have to be complicated so you can start taking incredible photos of products just like [Music] this I'm going to walk you through everything you need to set up for the shoot as well as get your gear all dialed in so you can achieve outstanding results without multiple lights and unnecessary equipment if you haven't subscribed to my YouTube channel yet I would greatly appreciate if you did I love teaching all of this kind of stuff and I love photography and I love videography and this is something I'm passionate about so delivering to you is something that actually gives me fulfillment I was also once in beginner shoes and I was looking to YouTube videos for inspiration and instructionals on how to do certain things and how to set up lighting so if it means a little bit to you and you get something out of this I would greatly appreciate if you just hit subscribe it' mean the world to me the first and most important element is lighting for this photo I'm going to use my strobe I'll attach a large soft box to the bows Mount and I'll position it so it's to the side of my product and slightly in front now I like to position my camera on a tripod pretty much at I love with the product a couple of feet away now this can change depending on the look you want to go for But A good rule of thumb is to keep it at eye level so you don't distort anything next you'll need a curved background to keep the background looking nice and infinite I'll attach my C stands with these clamps and then I'll clamp it down in the front so it doesn't move on me next is setting up your product this is where I feel like you can probably go nuts and get creative with things if you want to prop it up on something to give it a little more texture a little more style for the shoot feel free to do that right now all right so everything's all set up lighting backdrop camera we're ready to rock and roll so we need our product what are we shooting today we're shooting bear granola no affiliation to Bear granola whatsoever I just saw it in the grocery store today my wife likes granola picked it up I thought the packaging looked really cool I had apples and cinnamon sticks at home so I thought we could add some nice subtle elements to really help this product packaging Pop I love shooting granola too it's uh one of my favorite things to shoot there's so much texture there's so much character in it so we can make it look really good it was either that or Reese's because I'm a Reese's fiend but this packaging looked a little bit too shiny so we are going to do the there and I'm going to go ahead and get it all set up there she is and then I have my apples and cinnamon sticks over there but let's chat a little bit about camera settings first my shutter speed is going to be constant at 1 over 125 that's what I set it at when I'm shooting with my strobe I rarely change it next is my ISO and this can vary but I keep it anywhere from ISO 100 to 400 let's set it to 200 for right now my aperture is the one that's always changing so in order to keep my product in Focus I'm going to set it at an F9 or higher remember as you close the aperture down as it gets Tighter and Tighter and Tighter and those numbers go up and up and up this will increase your depth of field and more of your product will become in Focus so I want to keep it at an F9 or higher for this case then we will change the power on our flash to accommodate all of our camera settings so I'll change the power on my trigger so it changes the power on my flash until I like what I see in the image I'll take test shots throughout to make sure we're looking good now if you need to bring in more light to the opposite side of your image try bringing in a white foam board to the edge of your scene and move that as close as you Poss possibly can without it getting into your frame if you want the maximum amount of light back into your image so what happens is the light crosses your product it hits that white foam board and it comes right back into your scene elevating those shadows and bringing up the overall light in your image so in order to spice this scene up a little bit I have some fake leaves here that I like this is an apple cinnamon flavor so I want it to kind of feel and look a little bit like fall I'm having trouble finding my cinnamon sticks but I know they're around here somewhere I have some apples and then I also have some granola with a spoon in a dish to help complement this entire scene and really bring the packaging to life that's the goal here I found the cinnamon sticks yay honestly leaving it on the tripod is like the best thing you can do for this because you can take test shots and test shots and test shots and see how you like it as you go like if you can place cinnamon sticks in front an apple behind an apple in front you want to play around with your scene a little bit and kind of get a gauge of what feels right throughout cuz you'll know if there's too much in there if there's too less or you need to add a leaf here in the back to fill some white space or leave some more negative space because there's too much stuff so that's what's nice about leaving it on the tripod leaving it locked you can take test shots throughout and keep experimenting a little bit so we're going to throw some cinnamon sticks down we're going to throw an apple or two down some leaves really kind of bring this granola packaging to life I'm going to bring my light a little more in front just to help that packaging pop a little bit more and none of these are going to be final I am going to throw a whiteboard on the other side just to bring up some some of those Shadows a little bit here but overall I think it's looking pretty good we're getting closer for sure I love the bowl of granola I'm going to throw a spoon in there too and I'm actually going to raise my my camera up just a tad here so you can see a little bit more what's in that bowl and I'm shooting at almost a 70 mm focal length for product photography anywhere from like 50 to 100 is is good because you get really nice compression but that's that's not to be said for like every single shoot it's going to change depending on what you're shooting more of the granola is in focus more of the apple is in Focus overall it's just looking a lot better the only thing I would potentially add is maybe just like a little thing of milk I don't my wife likes to eat granola with milk so that's like the only thing I would add but I'm pretty happy with like how this looks so let's throw the Whiteboard up I'm going to get some final shots of this image and then we'll be all done now I'll always get a few extra shots of like close-ups of the granola close-ups of the bag different focal lengths different angles to really help just to capture other elements of the scene and capture different angles of the packaging and bag cuz I might hop into the editor and find out that I like a different angle better than what I shot on the tripod I'm just going to dive in here do a couple images and then you'll be able to see some of the results from handheld too that's pretty much it for the simplest single light source product photography tutorial I can provide to you if you'd like to see a full list of the gear that I use I've linked it all down below so you can start taking picks exactly like me as always if you have any questions about anything at any time hit me up at Jeb West on Instagram that's where I'm most active and I love chatting cameras and gear I love nerding out about that kind of stuff don't hesitate to shoot me a message I'll be sure to respond to you we can chat over there peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @Spearborne [2 likes]: Basement gang.
  2. @tomdahm.optics [1 likes]: matte spray for shiny packages!
  3. @orselenadidi: I loved how you showed the process of experimenting to see what you’re happy with. A lot of professionals are more straightforward with it.
  4. @kBenazir: The packaging reflections drive me insaaaaane, how do you deal with those especially on a package that has a lot of print?
  5. @rozhyrosy97: How can i get this filters please?
  6. @mohamedelhageen: What photographers do if the backdrop has grain or texture like textured paper or fabric and it shows in results
  7. @MarkandSandieInMotion: Thanks. I like simple.
  8. @BricksWood-j4j: keylight off?
  9. @doddywicaksono: Thank you for sharing this Nick. This is very valuable to teach my students on Product Photos. Warmest greetings from Indonesia
  10. @knt_brn1246: Thank you😁✨
  11. @bonz_bonalenna: Thanks ! Loved this .
Short and precise
  12. @liaslovelylife: What backdrop did you use? Been trying to find one like this. Also messaged you on ig haha pleaseeee 🙏🏽
  13. @IsmaelRodriguez45: What type of backdrop is that?
  14. @pompatchi: Camera model?
  15. @xxkfpxx: I see you used the AD400, I feel like I made the wrong choice buying the neewer ms150b for my lighting. Would it have been better to buy a flash?
  16. @EphemeraImaging: Very nice tutorial, succinct and very instructive. I've been a product photographer for over thirty years. Products are fun, and chrome and silverware is a real challenge.
  17. @AIART06: The last minute was crazy 😂😂
  18. @AgateLoce: Love this!!!! ❤thank you amazing video and very helpful for my cookie photography!!! 😊
  19. @karuhangajoshua3546: Good to subscribe to your channel.
  20. @emmanuelstransmission: thank you!

- Nano Banana Pro for Product Photography (Step by Step 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Nano Banana Pro lets you turn this into this [music] with nothing but your phone camera. Nano Banana Pro is Google's new AI image generation model and it just came out. And this is the first AI ever that lets you make a full Amazon listing image set with no photographer, no graphic designer whatsoever. And for the first time in history, large brands and aggregators have started trusting this AI model instead of photographers and designers to create high converting images for [music] their top selling products on Amazon. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to use Nano Banana Pro to create a set of high converting Amazon listing images like [music] these for your Amazon products by yourself at home with nothing but your phone. And bear with me, guys. I got a little sick at [music] Friendsgiving, so I might be taking breaks to blow my nose here. Later on in the video, I'm also going to give you the ultimate guide to Nano Banana Pro for Amazon sellers, which is the best guide on the internet, showing you how to use Nano Banana Pro to develop a full professional set of Amazon listing images [music] that are high converting. And it's going to go through some of the same examples that we go through in [music] this video. So, if you want that guide, I'll show you how to get it later on in this video, and I'll link to it in the description of this video. So, stick around to get that. Okay. So, your first step is to download the Gemini app on your phone. I'm going to put links to the Gemini app. This is the Google's AI. It's called Gemini. And Nano Banana Pro is the image generation model inside Gemini, Google's AI app. So, you can download that on your phone either if you have an iPhone or an Android. I put the links in the description of this video to download. Now, this whole thing I'm going to be doing with a phone. And the reason I do it with a phone is very simple that the phone has camera on it. And [music] using the image generation app, you're going to be taking pictures since what you're doing is doing images of a product that you have in your physical space, you need to be able to constantly take new pictures and new angles and close-ups of it to give the model more context. So, you want to be doing all this on your phone, not on your desktop. So, once you download the app, you're going to open it up, and what you're going to do is go down here where it says fast and switch it to thinking with 3 Pro. And then you'll see a little circle that says thinking there. Now you're on Nanobanana Pro, which is the most powerful AI image generation model for product images in particular in the world right now. Okay. So, we're going to do this interactively. So, I want you to follow along with me in this video. While you're watching this video, or at least directly after watching this video, I want you to do the same thing and just test it out for yourself because that's how you're going to actually learn. So, what I'm going to do is take a product here on my desk, take a picture of it, and turn it into a primary Amazon listing image, which is the first image you see in search results. So, I chose this product. This is a bike pump. It's an electric bike pump. The key is you need to give usually multiple angles and multiple photos of the product to give the AI enough context and reference to know the full shape and features of the product. In this case, I fed the AI three images. And here's the three images that I used. I tried to get enough context to show the model, the engravings on the buttons, the display, the charge ports on the back, and the full size and scale of the product. And by the way, it really helps if you have a sense of scale. You want to show the product in your hand or next to something else that has very obvious scale. And that can be money or a laptop or a phone or something that gives the AI a sense of scale. If you just show the product by itself, like against a wall or on the floor, it's really hard for the AI to tell how big it is. So, you want to give it enough context to show it a sense of scale. So, I gave it these three images, and here's what I got as a result. Now, I had to go back and forth a little bit to get this, but this is actually pretty good. It got the text right. It's called [music] Psych Plus. It got the It got the display right. It got the hose. It got the nozzle on the hose and even like the [music] details like the little engravings on the nozzle. It got a lot of stuff right in this image. Now, I could refine this even further, and it did take me a little bit of back and forth to get this, [music] but what I'm going to do in this video is walk you through a full example of us creating from soup to nuts a full Amazon product listing image set. And we're going to do that together. I'm going to show you all of the issues I run into and how I overcame those issues so [music] that when you run into roadblocks using Nano Banana Pro for your Amazon listings, you can figure out how to overcome those roadblocks yourself. And there is a trick to it. [music] So, I'm going to show you what those tricks are now. But this quick example at the beginning here of turning these three images into [music] this primary image should show you and give you some sense of how powerful this AI image generation model is. Now, if we wanted to do this in the past before this model, we would have had to hire a 3D rendering artist to make this [music] happen. Now, you can do it for free with an app on your phone and just using your phone camera at home if you have the product physically in your space. It's pretty incredible. So, let's do this together. First, we're going to take some pictures. And I chose to use this product, which is a diffuser. But you can choose to work on your product if you have it in front of you. Or you can just pick up a product around your office or your house to ride along with me while we do this. And we're going to do this together. Ready? So, I started out with these four products that I took by myself with the product in my hand with my phone. And you'll notice that I got different zoom distances and different angles. And in particular, I made sure to get close-ups of the parts that needed specific fine detail. Like in this case, there's an engraving on each of the small buttons on the diffuser. I wanted to make sure that the model understood those engravings and could see them clearly so that it could render them properly. Okay, now we're going to open the Gemini app. Make sure that it's in thinking mode first, which is the Pro version. That's how you get Nano Banana Pro. And then we're going to upload these four images by hitting the plus in the lower left side of the screen and just selecting these four images. Then we're going to add in the prompt that you see here. Create a clean product photo rendering of this product to be used as the primary image on an Amazon listing. This is a good first level prompt. And here's the first tip that I'm going to share with you guys is that with Nano Banana Pro, you don't have to go so crazy with your prompt engineering. You don't have to have another AI generate like a page long prompt for you. This model is meant to understand human language. So you don't have to have an insane prompt where you're specifying the make and model of the camera used to take the photo and stuff like that. You really don't need to go that crazy. So those are the images that we uploaded and that's the prompt we uploaded. And here is the result. Now this came out really good. Actually, you're not always going to get it on the first try. In my case, I did. It's if you zoom in on this image, you can see the grain of the ceramic. You could see the engravings on the buttons. You can see a little mist coming out of the top. The model pretty much got it dead on. Now, this isn't always going to happen, and I'm going to show you later on when we're generating the other images how the model can mess up and how to handle those mess ups when you run into them. But in my case, I got it the first time. If you're working on this at home while you're watching this video and you didn't get it on the first try, what you have to do is just interact with the model to ask for changes and adjustments as needed until you get it right. And if it starts going off track, you can just start over again or try taking different pictures at different angles and try again. You can also try adjusting the prompt. All of these things I'm going to show you as we walk through the rest of this example generating the listing image set for this product. But the first primary image we have already completed and is done and ready to go. Okay. So, what I'm going to do since I'm on a roll here is I'm going to stay in the same chat and just continue to ask for different types of images. Now, here's where you start to get into the interplay with the model is that usually when you're generating [music] product photography or product imagery for Amazon listings with Nano Banana Pro, you go so far in a chat and then eventually it'll kind of go off the rails and then you can try to course correct or download the most recent image and upload it into a new chat. So you'll see examples of both of these, but first we're going to stay in the same chat and we're just going to say, "Now create a lifestyle image of the diffuser in a beautiful chic homey living room." And I'm eating my fresh blackberries while I talk to you guys. By the way, hope you don't mind. This will be like a mukbang style video. I need the vitamin C. Okay, I'm sick. Anyways, [music] this is the image that we got back. Now, I can tell by looking at this image that first of all, it looks a little too perfect. Second of all, the product is not the right scale. It's too big. So, we're going to try again. So, because the image doesn't look too bad, but it's just it's clearly not the right scale. Like, you can see it compared to this coaster in these books. And also, the image like scale in general, there's like something a little bit off about it. So, it's not bad, but I wouldn't post it. So, what we're going to do is a corrective prompt. I literally just say, "Try again in a different comfy aesthetic living room. You made the diffuser look a little too big. And here we go. It generated this, which is really not too bad. The scale is better. It's actually the scale is not quite perfect, but it's very, very close. And it's close enough that this could be used as a lifestyle graphic. Okay, so already we have one primary image and one lifestyle image that we can use on a listing. Let's keep going and start generating different types of listing [music] images using the model. So, this next one, I'm going to try to create a features graphic for [music] the product. By the way, I'm in the same chat here. And my prompt is now make a graphic for the Amazon listing that includes the benefits of the product. I said benefits instead of features. Okay, so I actually messed up in the prompt. Make sure the product is featured in the graphic. There should be labeled icons pointing to each feature. So, I'm confusing the model here cuz I actually messed up. I said benefits and then I said features. [music] And then I list out the four features. Ultrasonic diffusion, seven color mood lighting, totally silent, and works with any essential oils. And here's what it gave me. Now, this is not great, right? I would not use this on an Amazon listing. Now, it's better than some images I've seen on Amazon listings. A lot of Amazon sellers use images that are worse than this. In fact, I would say quite a lot. Like, a big portion of Amazon sellers use images that look really bad and they're not mobile optimized. So, the main issues with this, first of all, it did get the text right. Right. The icons are corny. The design is weird. It used a moody image of the product instead of like a nice clean image and it's not mobile optimized. So, there's a lot of problems to it. So, first I'm going to try to course correct in the same chat. So in the ch same chat what I do is I try to upload a reference image of another competitor to show that I want it to be like a clean features graphic not like a cartoony one. So I upload this image of a competitor's features graphic which also is not great. Totally not mobile optimized. Text is way too small. It's not good. But funnily enough this is one of the top competitors. And I say try again. make it in the style of this graphic from a competitor, but make the text and icons bigger than it is on this reference image. It should be optimized for mobile. And here's what it gave me back. Basically, the exact same thing. And this will happen to you once in a while. You kind of hit a wall with the model and it's not getting any better. And sometimes it'll just get worse and worse. When you've hit that point, it's time to start a new chat. And that's exactly what I do here. So, because I was hitting a wall, I abandoned this chat altogether and I start a new chat. The way to do that is with this little square pencil icon in the upper right. You just hit that icon. It starts a brand new chat. And what I do is I actually start over with the same reference images that I originally uploaded of me just holding the product out of my phone shots zoomed in and zoomed out on the product with my hand and some other objects in the photo as reference size references. and I just say make a clean aesthetic features graphic of this product to be used on an Amazon listing. I have also uploaded a reference image of a similar graphic by a competitor but actually I realized after doing this I didn't even upload the reference image. I told it that I did but I actually didn't. And here's what it came out with. This is really freaking good. We went from one that was really bad to one that's mobile optimized and really good. like this image is great. Like if I paid a designer and told them to make a features graphic and then came back to me with this, I'd be like, "Nice job. You know, your salary was well earned and we got this for free with this model." Pretty amazing. Now, that's all ready to post, but the only thing is I don't like this lower left one that says cool mist aroma therapy, cuz the whole point of that feature is that it's ultra quiet operation. And that's a really important thing to customers of this product is that it works completely silently. So in the same chat, I just say replace the text in the lower left section from cool mist aromatherapy to ultra quiet aromatherapy. And then boom, it perfectly executes my command. Changes the text to ultra quiet aromatherapy. It looks great. This whole image is ready to upload onto the Amazon listing. And this is going to affect Amazon listings conversion powerfully. Now, I don't have to bring this into Canva and do little edits. I don't have to put it in Photoshop and edit the text. None of it is gibberish. It all came out great. Like, this image is ready to go. And this is the first time in human history that you can chat back and forth with the model and get a graphic like this that's actually ready for prime time to upload straight onto your e-commerce listings. It's pretty cool. Honestly, it's not pretty cool. It'sing game changer. One good thing about this is that this happens with the models. You kind of gain momentum. Like now that we have a features graphic that's good and has the vibe that we want, we can piggyback off that to make the benefits graphic. So now I say create a similar graphic but for benefits instead of features. That's the only prompt I gave it. I didn't even give it which benefits I wanted to highlight. I didn't give it any context whatsoever. I just said make a benefits graphic and I let the AI figure out what the benefits are and honestly it did a good job. Like so we have long-lasting quality about the materials. It says durable stylish materials for extended use. Then it says enhanced atmosphere creates a relaxing and calming environment. True. Improved wellness promotes better sleep and stress relief. Yes. Effortless relaxation simple operation for instant peace of mind. That's [music] a little bit of a mix between a feature and a benefit. But I mean, look at this. It got the little tiny engravings on the buttons right. It got the little hole with the light right. It had it like lit [music] in some pictures and unlit in others. And it even got the different lit colors right. Like this is an incredible benefits graphic. And again, if I got this from a designer, I'd be like, "Sary well earned." You know, you did it. But this I got from just chatting with a couple minutes in a couple minutes from an AI model which it just feels like magic. So I'm sticking with this. [music] But for you, for your product, like I'm doing a speedun here for you guys. For your product, you'll make little tweaks. You know, you might not trust the AI to come out with all the benefits that are the most important for you. Even though in this case, it actually came out with some really good ones. You might go back and forth with it a little bit more. And that's fine. It's still going to take you a fraction of the time that it would have working with a live photographer and a graphic designer. So, it's all good. Okay. So, the next type of graphic that I want to create is an instructions graphic. So, this is one of many different types of images you can have on an Amazon listing. There's actually about 22 of them that you have an options for. There's features graphic, benefits graphic, instructionals graphic, step-by-step, breakout, size scale comparison, competitor comparison. I have a whole list of them. What I'm going to do is I'm going to give you access to a fullon guide to Nano Banana Pro that walks through the same example we're walking through now. And in that guide, I link to a full SOP on Amazon listing image creation. So, you can go in there and see all the different types of images that you can create to give you ideas while you're chatting back and forth with Nano Banana Pro. So, I'm linking that guide in this the description of this video. It's the first link in the description of this video. Just click that and download the guide. And then in that guide, you'll have all the links you need and all the prompts you need. It has a full prompt library. Has everything you need to get started with Nano Banana Pro as an Amazon seller. So check that out in the description of this video now if you want to get some inspiration for while you're doing this at home. Okay. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to create an instructions graphic. So I already have the four steps that I want to be included in the instructions. I want fill with water, add essential oils of choice, press power button, and select color to make it seem very simple, right? [music] And this is a very powerful way to increase conversions of an Amazon listing is using an instructions graphic. So all I say is I'm in the same chat and I say, "Now create a clean aesthetic step-by-step instructions graphic to be used on an Amazon listing. The instructions should include the following steps." and then I list them out 1 2 3 4. So, here's what it came up with. Now, at first glance, this actually looks good. It's even got the icons, right? It's got this little water thing for the first step, fill with water. It's got this little drip thing for add essential oils. It's got this little power icon for press power button. Boom. It's got the switcher icon for switching color. Like, and the images are great. I the crazy thing that really blew my mind about this is that I didn't even show the model what this product looks like on the inside because I didn't open it up. It just figured it out somehow. Like I think it just knew from like this similar products like this online and [music] like reference those. Like I I don't know, dude. It It honestly it blows my mind. [laughter] It's really almost creepy. Like it knew what was inside this product. I didn't even show it open, but this is indeed what it looks like. So, this looks good until you look really close and you realize that in these two images, the ratios are actually different. Like, this one looks tall and this one looks wide. And that's when you're like, "Oh, now people looking at this listing are going to, you know, maybe some people with an eye are going to know that it's AI." It's kind of subtle, but it bothers me. So, I wasn't ready to have this be like my ready to upload image. Even though I like the design, I like the icons. It's mobile optimized, big text, everything else is good. [music] It just needs to fix this one issue of like consistency. Okay, so this time what we're going to do is we're going to download this image and we're just going to re-upload it to another chat. And by the way, to download an image you just tap the image in chat. It opens up like a focus view and then at the bottom you see this little save icon. You just tap that save icon and that downloads the image. So I upload this same graphic into a new chat and I say edit this image to make the dimensions of the open diffuser in the upper left and the one in the upper right match exactly. And unfortunately it didn't really understand my prompt. It just gave me pretty much the exact same image. This one still looks too tall. This one looks wide. So, I try again in the same chat before starting all over, right? And I say, "Try again. The upper left image shows the diffuser looking too tall versus the wider one in the upper right." And then boom, finally, it understands and it fixes it. And they look the same. They're not, if you look really, really close, they're still not perfectly the same height, but it's so close that it's it's not worth it. There's no one that would notice that if you weren't looking like ridiculously close. It just looks like it's slightly further away or something. [snorts] So, I'm happy with this. To me, this is good to go. Ready to post. And now we [music] have an instructional graphic. So, we're getting there, right? We're almost at the point where we have a full Amazon listing image set ready to upload onto Amazon. Let's get a few more images and then we'll be ready to go. So, the next type of image that I want to create is called a competitor comparison graphic. And what this does is it shows us versus them. And this is a very powerful way to increase conversions on a listing. Sometimes just this one image alone can significantly increase conversions. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to upload the rendered image that Nano Banana gave me originally, and I'm going to give it the prompt, create a clean competitor comparison graphic to be used on an Amazon listing for this product that highlights the wood base, the nonBPA material, the real ceramic body, the soothing multiolor LED strip. I already knew the four things that were most important based on reviewing the reviews of other competitors listings. So, I knew exactly, you know, the the four things that I wanted to compare that we had that other competitors don't. This is another point, by the way. Sometimes you'll have specific things that you want the AI to include. Sometimes you won't, and you want to just see what it'll come up with. Like when I did the benefits graphic and I didn't even tell it what benefits to include. I just let it go for it and it actually did a pretty good job. So, it's up to you. You can get as specific or as general as you want. And here's what I got back from Amazon. Now, this isn't so bad. The bad things about it are it's a little bit overly designed. Like, there's too many lines and stuff. It's not clean. It's like too busy. And this Amazon product comparison thing at the top is annoying. But it did get the concept right, and it got the words correct. Um, so it says real stomach body versus plastic body, genuine wood base versus faux wood, BPA free versus plastic, a soothing multiolor LED strip, basic or no LED strip. So it actually did a pretty good job. It's just the format and the design that we don't really like, but in general, the concept is right. So what I do here is I simply say, try again more simple, modern, and clean style. I really like using these words with the model when coming up with graphics specifically for Amazon. modern and clean style. It tends to produce pretty good results with me in my experience. And then I also say mobile optimized. This is really important. I include this in a lot of my prompts. And here's the result. Our premium diffuser standard competitor. And this is a completely mobile optimized image. It's got the check on one side, the X on the other. This is a great image. Like this this is a good one that would convert really well. So again, we've got another good image. We're almost there. All we're going to do is we're going to add a couple more lifestyle and inuse shots and then we're going to have a full listing image set ready to upload onto our listing. So, what I do here is I just again I went back to my original photos of the product with my phone. And I just say create a lifestyle image in a comfy home with a millennial mom for this product. This image is to be used on an Amazon listing for the product. And here's what I got. So, this is not too bad, but it's weird kind of the way she's holding it. And also, it's too big. So, it keeps making it too big. And I think the reason is because a lot of the competitors versions of this product are actually bigger. Like, the one that I was holding is actually a small one. So, when it's referencing images online and on the internet, I think it's it's learning from other sources that it it thinks it might be bigger. So, it might just also assume that my hand is smaller. I don't know. So, in the same chat, I say, "The product is too big. Try again. Make it smaller. Determine size by referencing the images I uploaded." I'm kind of patronizing it at this point. And then it gives me back basically the same image with the same scale. So, that didn't help at all. And in this case, again, when you're going nowhere in a chat, most of the time, abandon the chat and just start again. So, that's what I did. And I did almost the same thing. I I uploaded the same raw images and I said, "Make a lifestyle image to be used on this Amazon listing." I said, "His Amazon listing." I That was a typo with a millennial mom and a comfy home for this product. And then I got this image. Now, this image is actually good. The scale is right. It doesn't look too big. It's the right size. The only problem is it added this eerie orange glow to the product, which isn't actually there. That's not a feature of the product. The only thing that glows on this product is the strip in the middle. So I say remove the orange glow from the body of the product. Only the thin line between the ceramic and the wooden base actually glows. And here it is. So it fixed the image just from me prompting it. You know that feedback. And this image is good. It's the right scale. It's the right setting. It's the right avatar that's most likely to buy the product. and it shows it being used in use. So th this is a good lifestyle image. This is a great lifestyle image that's ready to upload on Amazon. Now we need one more in the other most common use case for [music] this product which is in the office. So the two main use cases are in the living room or a family room and in an office. So we already have the living room. We actually have two in the living room, one with no person and one with our customer avatar in it. [music] And now we're going to do one in an office. So, I upload the same raw images from my phone and I say, "Create a lifestyle image to be used in an Amazon listing of a millennial mom using this diffuser in her cozy home office." Because the feeling I want to give for this product is of cozy, comforting, because that's the reason people buy [music] this product to be comforted and relaxed. And it gives me back this image. So, couple things wrong with this image. one, she's staring at it weirdly and caressing it in a way that like makes like my butt tingle in a in a bad way. And uh it has this weird orange glow. Again, I don't know why the model thinks this this product like glows orange cuz it totally doesn't. It's like solid ceramic like a coffee cup. So, I don't know why it keeps doing that. So, anyways, I try to address the problem and I say she should be focusing on her computer and not not on the diffuser. don't have her touching it. So, the thing is, when you have a lot of problems in an image like we do, the glow, the size, the creepy touch, you don't want to try to fix them all at once, it kind of confuses the model. It's better to go step by step and fix like one thing at a time. So, first I'm fixing the um I'm just I'm like, "Hey, have that chick like look at her work." Like, she don't make it weird. She shouldn't be like staring longingly at it. Like that's that doesn't make any sense. No one would do that. So I say she should be focusing on her computer and not on the diffuser. Don't have her touching it. And it fixes it, right? Puts her looking at the computer, which again, dude, this is it's wild. It's like being in the photo shoot and giving the model directions and and she like obeys you. Like, man, it's crazy, dude. We're living in a crazy time. It really It just blows my mind. I don't know what life is going to look like 5 years from now. like it's going to be trippy 10 years from now, 20 years from now. Forget it. We're all going to be cyborgs anyways. So, we fixed that issue. Now, let's fix the next issue. And I say make the diffuser a little bit smaller. Boom. Does it now? I didn't even give specific size requirements, but this is right. It got the scale just right. That [music] is the size of this product. So, now we're good. The only thing left to solve is the orange glow. And when I try to solve this, something very weird happens. And I'm going to show you guys in a second. Very weird, kind of creepy. And I almost saw like, whoa, is the AI model like trying to send me like a like a hidden signal or something? This is how people get like AI derangement syndrome, guys. Be careful. But uh yeah, so I say remove the orange glow from the body of the diffuser. The only glowing part should be the line between the wooden base and the ceramic top and also the hole that the mist is coming from. Those are the the glowing parts. And here's what it gave me. Yeah. What is that, my dude? Like, looks like necromancy, like a evil diffuser that diffuses like poisonous gas or something. Pretty gnarly. And definitely not what I was going for. The funny thing is though, it did add the glowing band here and it added the glow coming out of the hole. Like, it did a pretty good job doing that. It just made the whole thing like death ash black which is weird. So again that creeped me out. I was like ah nah. So I just downloaded the most recent good image and re-uploaded it in a new chat. You guys are probably seeing the pattern now. And I just said remove the diffuser. The only glowing part is I said the same prompt that I said before. And then boom. It gave me this perfect image. Size is right. Product is being used. The glowing part is right. So, we got it all good. Uh, it's in the right setting. We got the right avatar. This is our last image. And we have now officially completed the full Amazon listing image set for this product. Even though this video is longer than 10 minutes, this whole process should only take about 10 minutes. And like for me it took a little bit more because I was documenting it and screenshotting it along the way. But if you think about the actual time to like write in the prompts and then up re-upload the image and stuff like that, this whole process is about 10 minutes. Now it might not always go that smooth for you and it didn't even go that smooth for me. I mean I hit a lot of roadblocks like I mean you guys were with me the whole time. Um, [music] but I just got around them. And that's how you have to that's like the creative process of working with an AI image generation model for your products. Um, just like if you were in a photograph photography session, a photo shoot they called them, these kids these days, you're directing the model and you're getting different angles and you're looking at the shots and then you're making adjustments. You're doing that but just in a chat on your phone and you don't pay for it, which is pretty cool. Now, if you're using the free version, you're going to hit limits pretty quick. The pro version is cheap, though. I think it's like 19 or 20 bucks a month. Uh, and then for they have like a version for like big bigger companies and agencies and stuff that's like 200 bucks a month, but you won't get anywhere near those limits. I'm on the 20 a month plan for my personal uh Gemini account, and I've never hit the limits. So, you should be good to go. Now, I created an entire book, a whole guide on how to generate Amazon product listing images that convert very highly with NanoBanana Pro, and it actually walks through this exact same example that you went through in this video, plus other examples like products with labels and it has a prompt library as well. So, it shows you like a starter guide to the prompts that you want to use for each of the [music] types of images that you want to create and each of the images that I created in this video. And it also includes a link to another SOP that shows you all the different options for secondary images and examples of high converting images in each of those categories. And there's we did benefits graphic, features graphic, instructionals, competitor comparison. That's only four. There's actually like 22 different options. And I have all of them listed out in the SOP which is linked in this Nano Banana Pro guide. So I recommend you guys check that out. And if you want to get inspiration while you're going through this process yourself of different images that provide a high click-through rate and or a high conversion rate, check out this video here. I'll see you guys over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MegaWombatGaming: Problem with Nano Banana is the output is not good quality enough
  2. @goworlduk: This video was great until you started stuffing your face with blackberries. So rude and unnecessary.
  3. @elsidbituin: Can you do one with A+ CONTENT
  4. @dexterr3899: i was wondering what would you do about the watermarks in the bottom right corner of your images
  5. @LuisV-m1b: IT WILL BE NICE IF IS TOTALLY FREEE :face-orange-raised-eyebrow:
  6. @LuisV-m1b: mmmm is not free I try and they want me to pay for it
  7. @osamahal-hubishi7809: I really appreciate your video. Thanks from the bottom of my heart.
  8. @Kimideluxxe: Hello, thanks for the video!
What worked well for me instead of always starting over was just to modify the first prompt continously until it got almost everything right (at least with the product photos).
  9. @maywonderful3702: Thanks for the great video. Quick question, how to deal with images that created with low resolution. any way get 4k images?
  10. @andraskovacs5247: great video content but dude dont eat on camera no one wants to see or hear that. Its distracting and makes your message less clear
  11. @quirartemonserrat: You lost me when you started eating.
  12. @Janparchanski-s7q: About 4:30 you said you might play with it a bit more to clean the image? Do you mean to retouch in photoshop or smth?
  13. @madam_ruby_: This is really cool and will change the game! Definitely a bit pricey 😅
  14. @philipbering2320: My Gemini keep saying "Sorry, i cant edit images for you yet...." I and keep saying create. Any quick fixes?
  15. @szuwlandia: Please, don't eat while recording!
  16. @Sinam001: tnx it helped a lot ......
  17. @HistoriaTV-UK: Great video however the eating  thing was very distracting..
  18. @JoshuaLaFriniere: although this is a month old, there's still the gemini logo in the bottom right that you have to remove.
  19. @dsddsdsdsd8178: Stop eating! It’s disgusting
  20. @whosJY: Thansk for the video!

Can you please help me? I filled in all the details, but I did not receive the e-book.

- Product Photography At Home: Beginner to Intermediate Photography Tips | 3 Quick Tips: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey Jacob B&H and today I'm on location my camera in Bobby's foyer to do a simple in-home product photo shoot that you can do at home as well a lot of times you may look at a polished product photo and think how am I supposed to do that I need fancy gear I need a studio well I'm here to tell you that you can start practicing product photography in the comfort of your very own home we're gonna show you three approaches to photographing the same product starting at large budget Ollie down a micro budget and all you need are a few tools to get started a DSLR or mirrorless camera that gives you full manual control a decent lens a tripod or stable shooting platform a stand or table for your product one or multiple lights ranging from strobes to household lights diffusion or reflector a product so we're photographing today is a simple watch in three different setups under three different lighting conditions continuous flash and practical light so you can really see there are many ways to achieve a great shot so Bobby chose the photograph we'll watch because it combines a lot of elements you come across in product photography a watch is an object that combines different types of surfaces such as metal glass mat surfaces velocity surfaces and it's really tiny so there's a macro aspect to it as well now you don't necessarily need a macro lens to photograph a watch like we're doing here but if you really want to get a shot where the fine details are sharp and clean it helps to have one if you don't have a macro lens and you have a higher megapixel camera then you can crop in on some of that extra resolution as well first things first set up your composition there are all kinds of fancy stands and clamps that you can use to create a stable platform to place your product on you can use a simple plate like this that goes stand and attach anything to it this mount is about 20 bucks you can screw a wood surface on it or place something right on top of it but in the spirit of doing this in your home you can't use something as simple as a snack tray table an end table or any kind of a small flat surface that you can easily move and work around after that find an interesting background or surface to lay your product on we're using some small pieces of slate that are purchased for about 10 bucks after that position your product how you like to really showcase its best features the ideal light source in a setup like this has to be the strobe light because of the amount of power it can produce in a single frame the amount of light in the room doesn't really matter it's not gonna really affect the image because the strobe is gonna overpower it when working with products you'll want something like a strip box modifier on your strobes the shape of the box creates a nice soft diffused light and nice straight line reflection edges unlike a round or octagonal modifier we're only using one light for this setup because our frame is very tight if it were wider we might set up a background and place a light on that what we can do though is use this piece of white cardboard to bounce a little of our main light into some of the darker areas of the composition if you don't have any strobes in your arsenal then you can start off using continuous light one of the drawbacks though to using continuous light is that it's not as powerful as a strobe so you will have to compensate for that this may mean keeping your shutter open longer to capture more of that light if you're working with a very small aperture disclaimer continuous light is not as powerful as a strobe and therefore you must switch off any ambient light in the room so it doesn't spoil your photograph the modeling light on your strobe is powerful enough to act as a continuous light so we're using the same light in a new way with a few changes to our camera settings we can get a pretty similar result all right so you're now seeing how we can get really great shots using strobe and continuous light but what if you don't have access to lights like these if you're just starting out and you're on a tight budget there are some tricks you can do to still get great shots for our setup this time we're going to use our snack tray table as the base it's simple and fast to set up and can easily support the weight of most products you'd be photographing having a nice surface or background with a texture that compliments the product you're trying to shoot goes a long way see what you have lying on your home that could work we're going to continue using the stone slabs because they really compliment the watch for our lighting we're just using a simple lamp with an incandescent bulb the lamp has a little mobility with an arm and head that pivots slightly so that will be a big help one very useful item to pick up will be a dimmer switch if the light doesn't have a built-in control for this then having this little tool will be crucial you can pick one up for less than ten dollars in most cases once you have the light in place it's very important to diffuse it try finding something white with a straight edge the light can actually penetrate for instance we took a picture frame and wrapped a paper towel around it there are all kinds of solutions you can come up with once you have your diffusion find a way to secure it in front of your light keep in mind that if you have a large window nearby you can use that as a nice diffused light source as well but if it's nighttime experiment with different lights you have at home once you have some images that you like it's now time to take them into post and cleaning the images up because the image is being focused stacked and Bobby shot a sequence of photos for that effect he's going to do that first and Photoshop once that's done touch up the photo as you see fit and you're set enjoy your hard work and let all your friends think you shot these photos and professional photo studio in summation there's no limit to what you can't do in your home space if you have the right professional tools or the right household items so get out there and be creative what's gonna be your next product photo shoot let me know in the comments below if you liked this video and you want to see more please click Subscribe and click that notification to be able get notified of a new video because Jake will be an H just keep rolling

  Top Comments:
  1. @BandH [291 likes]: Do you have any questions about product photography?
  2. @shaunnaruto [4 likes]: Thanks for this tutorial! I love how it is no frills and straight to the point.
  3. @spat5502 [2 likes]: Such great service online. Would love to visit in person one day!
  4. @AmberGyorgak [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video. Very informative.
  5. @nitinzanwar2814 [1 likes]: Hello Sir,

I am searching for camera and lens setup for micro component product photography. The products are in the size of 2mm x 2mm to 20mm. Can you please suggest me the camera setup for this purpose?
  6. @josephchan4198 [1 likes]: Good alternative to do some personal work or other. Thanks.
  7. @MusafirsSoul [1 likes]: Which camera did you use here.
  8. @Chumboe: thx
  9. @josephchan4198: One of the best videos to get into product photography.  Thanks!!
  10. @josephchan4198: I will have to look at your videos again since it has great content. Thanks!!
  11. @adrianmasters250: Hmm paper towel diffuser right next to a hot incandescent bulb, feels like a fire hazard to me
  12. @TerpyTen: My tv/folding tray table has gotten so much use in my photography 🤣
  13. @lovealwaysjasmine: Would you use this setup for a product YouTube video?
  14. @josephchan4198: I am glad this pop up.  I just got some new light bulbs that are white. Well test it at a future date. Thanks for the tips.
  15. @paulcampbell7518: Not mentioned but essential:  Making sure to minimize dust, grease, smudges, crooked labels, etc. when shooting, to reduce the amount of artificial clean-up done in post.  Small items shot close-up are surprisingly prone to dust and other contamination.
  16. @MrDavidsdale1: Does not give me the wow effect.
  17. @shaunnaruto: I think many photographers don’t get an opportunity to work in a photo studio or even have space to own such equipments. Hence, these videos are very helpful insights for us to gain knowledge.
  18. @theflynn_: How is that is so well focused? You take a lot of photos with different focus on different points and then join them on photoshop? GReat video :D
  19. @vincentstouter449: 🤔 Can the Lumix G9II & the Olympus OM-1 share ILIS (In Lenses Image Stabilization) with their IBIS or is the stabilization still proprietary to the brands? 
         Since the MFT/ M4/3 lenses are already interchangeable, it would be great if they also cooperated on stabilization standards. 😎
  20. @brushbros: I wish I had your hair. Great video nonetheless.

- AI UGC Videos for Home Decor Brands | Scale Content Fast: Kind: captions Language: en Are you tired of spending weeks [music] creating video content? Introducing Tagshop.I, the AI solution that changes [music] everything. Generate highquality UGC videos for your home decor products [music] in minutes, not weeks. Imagine creating customized videos [music] effortlessly. Tagshop doi allows you to scale [music] your content production. Save money on influencer fees with our cost-effective solution. [music] Get stunning videos without breaking the bank. Stand [music] out with brand specific content tailored just for you. Don't miss out on this revolution in [music] content creation. Start your free demo today and watch your brand saw.

- How to create a Killer UGC video (THE ONLY VIDEO YOU NEED): Kind: captions Language: en This is how you're going to create a killer UGC video that is actually going to blow up your bank account. Creating really incredible UGC has the potential to allow you to go from charging $50 a video to like $1,000 a video. But I guess the question is, what makes a UGC video great? What do these successful UGC creators know that we don't? Is it the camera they're using, the software? Is it better equipment? Good news for me and you is that it's actually really quite simple and it doesn't require any fancy equipment or film school or anything like that? because the process that really good UGC creators use to create exceptional UGC videos just requires a few steps and this video will walk you through all of them. The biggest mistake that new UGC creators are making is thinking that aesthetics are what sell the video. I've opened so many new creators portfolios with these really, really beautiful videos that they put together aligned with some trending sounds or maybe an ASMR unboxing. Are you guilty? And their portfolio is full of content that looks beautiful but doesn't actually sell the product. So, the secret to really really amazing UGC is direct response marketing, which I'm going to teach you all about in this video. But first, we have to understand organic versus paid content because let me tell you, they have a different purpose. And I promise you, if you watch this video all the way to the end and you implement these steps into your next UGC video, you are going to watch your business and your bank account explode over the next 90 days. When brands are asking UGC creators for content, they're going to be asking for two different types of content. Either organic content or paid content. Organic content is the type of stuff that you're putting in your portfolio right now that isn't landing you deals. The purpose of organic content is that it's going to be posted directly onto the brand's social media. This is going to cultivate a community, raise brand awareness, or just help the brand have some content to fill up their social media. This content is going to be things like unboxings, a day in the life, ASMR, some beautiful shots of B-roll that are aligned up with some trending audio. And the goal of this content is not actually to sell the product. Like I said, it's to create brand awareness and cultivate a community. This content can be found on the brand social media, on their website, in their emails, things like that. But the actual goal of the content is not to sell the product. This content is going to take a little bit longer to convert, probably 3 to 6 months or maybe even longer, but it does have its space in UGC. There are brands that are definitely looking for this organic content. However, the money is really in paid content. Paid content is content that's going to be used for brands to put into their advertisements. So these brands are posting this on Meta, Tik Tok, things like that and then putting ad spend behind these videos so that they are pushed out to the audience. And the goal of the video is simply to convert to sales. Think of it this way. Organic content, you're looking at view count, comments, saves, shares, etc. Paid content, you're looking at direct conversions. How many people purchased from this advertisement? Because the brand is spending money to push this content to more people. It's more valuable to the brand and therefore you're actually paid higher on this content. This content is going to be fast-paced, have strong CTAs, and be problem solution focused. I'm going to show you an example of the difference so that you can see. This is going to be an organic [Music] video and this is going to be a paid video. What I'm writing off on my taxes as a freelancer in 2024, business meals, phone bills, subscriptions, and all of this. And the best part is writing off these expenses is really easy. I use Keeper. Do you see how the vibe and the goal of these videos is just completely different? When brands are looking through your portfolio, it's fine to have a couple of these organic style videos, but what you really want to be filling your portfolio with is these paid style ads. Now, to create a really good ad that's actually going to convert to sales, you need to understand direct response marketing. Direct response marketing is exactly that. What are they directly going to do in response to this advertisement? Goal is obviously sales. In case you didn't know, there's a lot more planning that goes into a really high performing advertisement. So, I'm going to break down all the parts that you can expect to see in a high performing ad, and then I'm going to tell you how to put it all together. The first 3 to 5 seconds of your advertisement is going to be the most important part. This is going to be the hook. The goal of the hook is to get them to stop scrolling, make them curious, make them watch longer. If you mess up the hook, people are not going to watch the rest of it. You need to get this right, but we're going to go more into detail into that into the next section. The next one is product or brand intro. In this section, you want to show the viewer how this product can actually change their life in as few words as possible. The third component is an education component. This is not included in every single video, but it could be really beneficial depending on the product. This is where you're teaching something related to the product before you tie in. So, if you think maybe about teaching about the harmful effects of plastic and then tying that into how there's plastic in laundry detergent, this will use education to dig into a painoint. So, then you can present the product as the solution or as the obvious answer to the education that you just provided. Which brings us into the next one, which is problem solution. Any good advertisement is going to dig into the consumer's problem, make them feel it, bring the emotions out, really just make the consumer or the viewer think, "Wait, I'm experiencing that. Wait, that's how I feel. Wait, me, too." And then you can introduce the product as the solution. Now, a good tip here is if the brand hasn't given you a problem to focus on, you can go look at customer reviews and see what problems this product has solved for real life customers. Then you have value props or key selling points. This is what makes your product stand out from all the other products on the market. Sure, there are hundreds of water bottles you can choose from. Why do you choose this one over the other ones? In this section, we're not just listing features, but we're tying into benefits. So, for skincare, rather than listing a bunch of ingredients that mean nothing to a consumer, talk about what those ingredients will do for the consumer. So, instead of saying, "This has tala mushroom in it," you would say something like, "This has trella mushroom, which holds three times its weight in water, making your skin absorb water and feel plump and bouncy and moisturized all day long." I'm sorry, but which product would you rather use? Then you have social proof. This is where you are showing the product actually being used and not just by you. Social proof is things like reviews, testimonials, before and afters, influencers using the product. This could be something like, "This product has 7,000 fivestar reviews. I can see why it keeps selling out." It's just a little sentence that brings it back around and shows that you're not the only one that's interested or talking about or loving this product. And then finally, a call to action. Call to action is going to tell the viewer exactly what you want them to do next. something along the lines of click here to buy the product, sign up here, click this link, go to this website, something along those lines. If you get a viewer all the way to the end of your video and you don't have a call to action, I promise you they are going to scroll on cuz we are just little minions on social media that scroll and scroll and scroll as soon as a video ends. Unless someone says, "Hey, click this if you want this." It's just that little reminder that helps click in place. Oh, I liked this advertisement. I want to try this. I need to actually click the link instead of scrolling away. Now, I just gave you so many different components to a high converting UGC video. But the most important part to understand with all of this is that while all of these components are important, not all of them have to be included in every video, nor do they have to show up in the order that I gave them to you. You could be using education as your hook. You could use a CTA as your hook. You could have a hook, introduce the problem, offer the brand as the solution, and then go into some education, and then value props, and then end with a CTA. All of these components can be mixed and matched around in whatever makes sense in the advertisement. But the most important ones to include in every single video are going to be the hook, problem solution, value props, and CTA, and obviously the product or the brand intro because you have to introduce the product at some point. Once you understand all of the components of a high converting UGC video, then it's time to put it all together and write your first UGC script. But before you can write your first script, you got to do a little planning and research. Whenever I sit down and create concepts for a brand, I will actually go and do a little bit of research on the brand, the competitors, the niche, so that I have a really good understanding of what's working in the space, what's not working in the space, what ideas I can pull from maybe other brands or maybe even other niches that can be applied to this brand or product. It's really, really easy. Just go to the meta ad library, Tik Tok creative center, or just search on Tik Tok and scroll through the niche to see what's working really well. You also really need to understand the target audience before you go and create a UGC video. Understanding the target audience is understanding who are we speaking to, how do they like to be spoken to, what are their problems, what are their desires, and what can I do to serve them with this product. You need to know who you're selling to and what their biggest pain point is if you're going to create a highly effective, highly converting video. Because the way that you would sell to women is different than the way you would sell to men, just like the way you would sell to millennials is different than the way you would sell to boomers. And the way you would sell to Gen Z is different than everybody. So once you understand what the market is looking like and what the competitors are doing and what creative ideas you can bring over from other niches and you understand who you're speaking to and what their pain points are, then you can get into script writing. Now I've written over 2500 scripts for UGC videos. So this is kind of my forte, kind of my expertise and I have a script template that I use for every single video. So I'm going to link that down in the caption for you. It's completely free. But this is the step that I would not skip. And this is exactly how I start writing high converting UGC scripts that are going to make brands beg to work with you. First, you need to understand the end goal of the video before you actually start filming. Is the brand looking for brand awareness, engagement, community building, sales, conversions? What are they looking for in this video? If it's organic content, then we can really kind of relax on the direct response marketing tactics. But if it's paid content and the idea is to get people to buy, then we need to be structuring the video so that it actually results in conversions. Cuz let me tell you, there is nothing a brand likes less than running an ad and not having a single conversion from it. Once you understand the goal of the video, then you can start kind of conceptualizing ideas. There are so many different types of videos you can make. The three most common are probably going to be testimonial, problem solution, and product demo. With a testimonial, you're going to be sharing your personal experience of how this product impacted you. So, if we go back to those direct response marketing blueprints, this is going to look a little bit like a hook. the problem being presented in our words saying exactly how you felt before you found this product and exactly what you were going through and exactly the emotions you were feeling. Then the product intro as the solution to how you were feeling and then the value props or key selling points to support why you love this product and then the solution which is how you now feel since you've had this product in your life and then a call to action. While a problem solution video is probably going to call out an audience directly in the hook with a direct problem, then introduce the brand as the solution, then give very direct value props of why it is the solution, and then have a CTA. And you can sprinkle in some things like social proof and education wherever it fits. But using those direct response formula components as the blueprint is going to change the way your videos turn out. Once you've got the order down of how your components are going to be showing up in your video, then it's time to put some personality in it. UGC script should not feel like a commercial. They are real life people showing their real life experience with real life products. So you want a lot of personality. You want it to be conversational. You want it to feel like you are talking to your bestie. How would you tell your best friend about this product? I probably if I was telling my friend about this water that I absolutely loved, I probably wouldn't tell them it's made with 50% recycled plastic. It's 9.5 pH. It's been processed by electrolysis and reverse osmosis. No, nobody cares about any of that. They want to know, "This water is delicious. It keeps me hydrated. I feel energized when I drink this water. It tastes amazing. It doesn't have that gross mineral-y taste, but it actually has electrolytes in it, which help replenish my minerals. How would you talk to your friend about the product? Step four of writing your script, you want to make sure to keep it concise. The best UGC scripts are going to be anywhere from 30 to 40 seconds. If you can get them a little bit shorter, that's great. If it's a little bit longer, that's okay. If there's some educational piece or something that's super engaging, but how can you get your point across with the least amount of filler words and the least amount of confusing sentences? The goal is to deliver information in a way that is super easy and smooth to digest. Step five, you're going to plan your text on screen ahead of time. I love using text on screen essentially as bullet points throughout the video that are going to kind of summarize what you're saying. When you're listening to a UGC video and you're watching it, sometimes you get a little bit distracted by the visuals and you don't actually understand or uh register what you what is being said in the video. And if you're not registering what's being said because you're kind of dissociating while you're watching, then you may not actually pick up on the benefits of the product. So, I like to go through and use text on screen to almost act as bullet points of what I'm saying to highlight the benefits or the things that I want the person to know about the product. So, if I say that this moisturizer keeps me hydrated all day long, my skin feels plump, and my fine lines have gone away, I might put check mark hydrated, check mark plump skin, X fine lines. This serves as visual reminders of what you're saying and keeps the person engaged and more likely to process what you're saying, which means they're more likely to convert to sales. Additionally to that, most advertisements perform better with captions, but that's more about editing and not about planning. And then the final thing that you're going to do is you're going to plan all of your shots. Now, I know this sounds a little counterproductive. You're like, "Wow, we are doing everything before we start shooting." But I promise you, this will make your life easier. Now, what I've noticed as a UGC creator is every time I plan out shots, it's never enough. We plan one shot for 10 seconds worth of speaking and we wonder why our video is not very engaging. So, while I want you to plan out a general idea of what you want each shot to be that is going to be lined up with each line, just understand that you're probably going to need to get more content than you think you'll need. We always need more than we think we will. And I would rather you go into filming knowing that you need more content than you're planning on filming and not having to go back and refilm more later than go in blind, not get enough footage, and have to redo the whole process again. I share a ton of example videos using all of these tactics over on my Instagram. So, make sure you follow me to see exactly how I apply these in the real world. There's a bunch of different types of hooks that you can use, but the strongest UGC videos are going to use at least three different types of hooks from this list. The first type is going to be a textual hook. This is where you have a hook written on screen in good copywriting. This should be something that's enticing. It should speak to either a pain point or a desire point or it should summarize very quickly why somebody should watch the rest of this video. What are you about to talk about? Why should they care? Why should they stop scrolling? This is basically an intriguing title for the video that's going to spark curiosity. The second type is a verbal hook. Very much like the textual hook, this is going to be a clear verbal hook that's going to speak to the audience in some way. Maybe it creates FOMO. Maybe it calls out a painoint, calls out an audience directly. There's so many different verbal hooks that you can use. Something like, "If you're struggling with X, you need this. I tried everything for my dry skin until I found this. Can you spot the lie about this? Stop doing this if you want clear skin." Every single video that goes viral has some sort of hook. So, you can go through when you're on social media and start noticing the hooks that make you stop the scroll. The third is an auditory hook. This is going to be some sort of sound. It could be a ding, a smush, an ASMR, a something, but this is a hook that catches you auditorially offguard. You maybe weren't expecting that sound, or maybe it's something like ASMR that's super satisfying. The next one is a visual hook. This could be the product in use, an exaggerated facial expression, utilizing handwriting instead of pop-up text, odd or visually jarring shots, slow motion, speed up, reversed, a split screen showing a before and after or two different clips, or use of a creative transition, but these are going to be hooks that are visually catching your eye. The next type of hook is a seemingly unrelated hook. This could be storytelling that seems to have nothing to do with visuals or visuals that seem to have nothing to do with the voiceover. And finally, there is organic hooks. Organic hooks are hooks you don't even realize are hooks, but they are hooking you real good. This could be applying lip gloss, the Jenzie shake, holding a coffee or a drink, doing a task while talking, like folding laundry or cutting veggies, walking with the camera in selfie style, or anything that seems like you had to set the phone down so quickly because you had to share what you were thinking right now. The thing to remember is that a winning hook is going to draw the audience in with emotion. A winning hook is like a magnet, and when you use it properly, it will draw the audience in. The other thing to remember with hooks is that it needs to have four things. You want to start with emotion, and it doesn't have to be digging into a painoint, but you could lead with humor, curiosity, excitement, empathy. You want to make sure that you are direct and specific. Your hook should immediately cover why the viewer and your target audience should care. So, if you're about to talk about a hair growth serum, don't say, "My nighttime routine just got so much better." You want the people that want to grow their hair to watch your video. So, you would want to say something like, "This is the nighttime routine that has helped me grow Rapunzel hair." Number three, if you can create some sort of urgency or curiosity, this is going to be key. We as a society, for whatever reason, seem to really hone in on videos that say, "This is the worst. This is a scam. I would never try this again." And then don't even realize we're watching an advertisement until we're halfway through. Number four, keep it short and sweet. Remember, the idea of the hook is to stop the flea attention span that the entire world has right now. So, it has to be quick. You have to get to the point fast. Okay, so now we've covered organic versus paid content, direct response marketing, how to plan a killer UGC script, and how to pick a hook that is going to stop the scroll. The difference between UGC creators that are struggling to land paid collaborations and the ones that are thriving is that they understand direct response marketing. And now you do, too. I've linked my free script writing template down below. This is the same template that I've used to write over 200 scripts for huge brands like Pears, Vaseline, Blue Apron. Make sure you subscribe for more UGC strategy breakdowns and make sure to follow me over on Instagram where I put out a ton of content on how to be the best UGC creator you could possibly

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoseyingMoose [7 likes]: I've been watching dozens of YT videos on UGC content creation, yours is the first that actually has taken a dive into details.  The why and how to make this content.  A MASSIVE thank you for that!
  2. @tempestbess4228 [6 likes]: So many people talk fluff on their YouTube video regarding these subjects but girl you got right to the point and explained perfectly. Thank you!🙏
  3. @mohnimakersUGC [5 likes]: Got questions? message me here on IG: http://instagram.com/sydneymohni 🍒
  4. @tysonwong [2 likes]: Masterclass in Direct Response Marketing! Nice Video!!😍
  5. @PicksyJane [2 likes]: the way you talk at the camera is amazing!! I need to master that! I'm so shy and introvert so this is my goal 😆
  6. @TheBlushBunny [1 likes]: I’ve had sponsored videos on YouTube. Now I’m moving into UGC. I see that there is a presentation difference lol
  7. @PicksyJane [1 likes]: hi im your new subscriber...I really like your videos! its very informative and helpful! 😉 thank you!
  8. @Mr_Kenneth [1 likes]: You had me at Wooden Spoon. LEGEND. Just subbed Sydney.
  9. @candicemanning5285 [1 likes]: By far the best video I’ve seen on UGC (Gen X 🙃)
  10. @taaylorstiers [1 likes]: Thank you so much!
  11. @MarcellaSalinas-u8t: Immediate follow and subscribe!
  12. @vidavida9651: Thanks very useful!
  13. @SchwabsCajunConnection: Love the spoon mic!!!
  14. @calinoelasmr2558: I have not found ANY brands that only use my content on their social media. I have to create new Tik Tok accounts for every single one. Where are the real brand deals?
  15. @daniellerauch3503: I love your content and advice, but you speak very fast!😄
  16. @mmiadragonz: why is your mic on a spoon? just clip it on your shirt lol
  17. @ApoloRanks: Your so pretty and that's the 16mins hook
  18. @Aditi-y2d7d: This was amazing, thank you so much. When you say that the best UGC videos have at least three of these hooks, do you mean each video has at least three of the hooks you mentioned combined together, or do you mean each video will have at least one of these hooks?
  19. @strangefruitugc: Have you heard of Canvas UGC I seen people talking about it on TikTok but they also were selling a course . So trying figure out if it’s a real thing
  20. @florencemcclary4917: What the heck is a CTA?

- Proven Templates to Design UGC Ads That Convert in 2022: Kind: captions Language: en even the best ads in the world will never beat a recommendation from a trusted friend that's why we always go for ugc so the first one is the super raw ugc this is very little to no edits it feels super native to the platform you're advertising in it's meant for like a younger audience and it's perfect for white listing campaigns this is what you want to use if you're working with micro influencers or influencers to run ads through their accounts it's pretty much like tick tocks that look like tick tocks and content that looks like it's made within the app and shared organically then we have the branded ugc this is still ugc so it feels native but it follows the brand's guidelines for colors and fonts so it feels like it belongs to that brand and it also kind of creates a sense of coherence between the ad and where you're sending people to so their product page their website it kind of feels like it belongs together um this is the branded ugc it also has more clear calls to action and it's a bit more salesy so to speak um it's obviously designed to encourage convergence then we have what we call the boomer ugc um this is meant for an older audience and it kind of has that like infomercial style vibe we use a lot of like the black and white videos to exaggerate the problem and the reactions um it's a bit slower paced fonts are bigger um it has more of a storytelling aspect um designed for boomers did ugc ads is our specialty because it's hands down the best kind of content to use for paid advertising campaigns on social [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MashaTuz-u5i: 🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:

00:00 🤝 Best ads can't beat recommendations; focus on User Generated Content (UGC) for authenticity.
00:14 🎥 Super raw UGC with minimal edits suits younger audiences, ideal for white listing campaigns with micro influencers.
00:39 🖌️ Branded UGC aligns with brand guidelines, creating coherence; includes clear calls to action and leans more towards sales.
01:21 🧓 Boomer UGC for an older audience, employs infomercial style, black and white visuals, and a storytelling approach.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @amit.tyagi.careers: Thanks Mirella!  This is helpful, I have a nootropic supplement product target age range is 28-55, do you think branding or boomer would be best?  I'm sure this is not enough info but would love to get your feedback.

- Digital Marketing Tips for Home Decor Business Owners: Kind: captions Language: en Five key digital marketing tips specifically for home decor business owners. One, prioritize aspirational visual content. Invest in professional photography and video that showcases your products in beautifully styled room settings. Help customers envision how your decor will look in their own homes, creating desire and trust. One, dominate visual social media platforms. Focus your efforts on Instagram, Pinterest, and Tik Tok. Use highquality images, reels, stories, and pins to inspire, educate, and drive traffic. These platforms are where your audience actively seeks home decor ideas. One, encourage and feature user generated content, UGC. Ask customers to share photos and videos of your products in their spaces. Re-sharing authentic UGC provides powerful social proof, builds community, and inspires other potential buyers. One, create informative and inspiring blog content. Establish your brand as an expert by writing blog posts on topics like how to choose the right rug, seasonal decorating ideas or styling small spaces. This attracts organic search traffic and provides valuable content for your audience. One, utilize Google Shopping ads and local SEO. For product sales, run Google Shopping campaigns to put your items directly in front of high intent buyers. If you have a physical store, optimize your Google My Business profile to attract local customers searching for decor. Ready to transform your digital presence? Contact us today for all your design, print, web, or marketing needs.

- What Does A Media Buyer *Actually* Do? (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en all right guys we're going to start with the fundamentals because people are lost and nobody actually knows what a media buyer is so hopefully this video clarifies a couple things and media is not the same thing that it used to be mediab has changed a lot over the years and a media buyer 5 10 15 years ago is very different from a media buyer today and in my opinion there's really a shift that's kind of undertaking right now in the media Buy space so this is something that myself and the media buyers at mediab buyer.com are seeing this is what we talk about this is what we live and breathe and you know some people look at a media buyer as just a button Pusher somebody who follows orders somebody that does can't think for themselves or take action with the data and then you'll have other people that'll look at a media buyer as the most important marketing role that you could possibly make and somebody that's instrumental to growth and even people who on the surface you wouldn't expect to be media buyers like Alex Becker are actually media buyers by trade and are some of the world's best media buyers out there so now the question is which one is it what is a media buyer and the thing is that both of these types of media buyers exist and both of these are considered media buying which makes it tough so simply put let's just break down exactly what a media buyer is a media buyer is somebody who buys advertising space that's relevant to a company's audience it's somebody who buys ads and this could be ads on traditional marketing channels like TV or like radio it could also be something more commonly like uh digital advertising platforms like YouTube ads or Facebook ads or meta ads or even Google ads you know even like different affiliate websites or things like that apps even so any type of space where you can buy media and the goal is to effectively Channel these people from all these different places into a product or a funnel or into ultimately uh a business and if you do the successfully that's when you'll be able to grow the business and this is literally what you'll look like as well when you do successfully and in other words a media buyer is somebody who's a catalyst it's somebody who can create asymmetrical returns and this is something that um I've learned and observed over time from Sam ens the Beckers the harosi all those fun guys and in other words it comes down to this graph right here and what this means is that there's an asymmetrical risk reward where the risk is minimal and the chance for reward is very high with uncapped or No Limits and the best investors and media buyers and marketers in the the world are very good at this at creating this this is also why it's so hard to find the best media buyers in the world and why the best media buyers are usually running their own show or running their own business or something and that kind of brings me to my second point about defining a media buyer and really the role of one you know if you're trying to provide Mega value for a business or for your own business you can't have a button Pusher you need somebody who is much much more than that and when you look at the most capable media buyers out there who you know really are killers they're usually extremely full stack or very t-shaped so they're not only going to be killers and Savages inside of the ad manager you know whether it's Facebook ads or Google ads YouTube so on uh but they're usually also going to be able to see all of those other interconnected constituent parts that still relate to advertising whether it's email Market marketing or funnel building conversion rate optimization psychology copyrighting but then even things like finance things that maybe on first glance you might not really think that they go hand inand together but they do and a really good example of this you know I've been working with Alex Becker at hrus for years and one of his webinar funnels like again way back in the Dizzy okay uh long time ago uh this was for hcom and something that nearly tripled the ROI of the ads overnight was not by coming up with some crazy new ad creative or some like untapped like targeting opportunity or something or loophole uh no it was simply by increasing the email deliverability rate so that more people would open the email and actually attend the damn webinar that's a perfect example of you could be fighting uphill day and night to try to increase your ad Roi yet something that that you know has nothing to do with ads but also has everything to do with ads is something that can increase the ad Roi by three times you know a button Pusher media buyer is not going to see that they're not going to understand that and this is really what in my eyes what a media buyer is and what it does and again this is coming from our media buyers as well at mediab buyer.com in terms of what we see what we doing uh what we're doing and this is in other words kind of the shift that we're seeing in the market as well so this is how we view our role and what we do and not to digress or anything because I'll make other videos about this in the future but everybody in their grandma is telling you to start an agency or do SAS AI all these things I think that the biggest untapped skill and opportunity is becoming a phenomenal media buyer they are so rare out there and they are in such high demand and I'll just leave it at that so that's pretty much it for today everybody I hope you enjoyed this in subsequent videos I'm going to be talking about the characteristics of a 1% media buyer how to hire your own media buyers or just scale your own ads anything in that realm so give a subscribe to the channel follow me on Twitter again I'm uploading these videos both on YouTube and Twitter so give me a follow on both places there and until the next time I'll catch you guys then

  Top Comments:
  1. @T0leranceZ0ne [15 likes]: In simple term, Media Buyer is marketing person (employee, or contractor) who specializes in digital ads and spends a company’s advertising money in the smartest way possible. .
  2. @ManofGod62 [1 likes]: @𝗠𝗮𝘁𝘁𝗲𝗼𝗙 Explain  to me why you dont have a heptadrillion subscribers [yet]. 

You should also have at least octodrillion views too. The #ELShaddai & #ElRoi is saying you better prepare for abundance because it is coming from Him #Jehovah-Raah. What is my business? Harvesting souls for the 𝐌𝐎𝐒𝐓 𝐇𝐈𝐆𝐇 𝐚.𝐤.𝐚. 𝐘𝐇𝐖𝐇 a.k.a. #JehovahSabaoth. Stay in the Favor of #Jehovah_Tsidkenu
:hand-pink-waving:
When speaking about "𝗬𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗯𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗮𝗻𝗰𝗲" is not me saying. it's YHWH HIMSELF saying it - 𝐇𝐞 𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐧 𝐰𝐫𝐨𝐭𝐞 𝐢𝐭 𝐝𝐨𝐰𝐧
#𝐌𝐀𝐋𝐀𝐂𝐇𝐈 𝟑:𝟏𝟎 
↘
"𝟏𝟎 𝐁𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐰𝐡𝐨𝐥𝐞 𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐞, 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐛𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐦𝐲 𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐞. 𝐓𝐞𝐬𝐭 𝐦𝐞 𝐢𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬,” 𝐬𝐚𝐲𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐋𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐀𝐥𝐦𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐲, “𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐬𝐞𝐞 𝐢𝐟 𝐈 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐫𝐨𝐰 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐟𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐝𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐩𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐬𝐨 𝐦𝐮𝐜𝐡 𝐛𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐛𝐞 𝐫𝐨𝐨𝐦 𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐮𝐠𝐡 𝐭𝐨 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐢𝐭."
↖
@MANIFESTYOURdeepestDESIRES 

𝗙𝗼𝗿 𝗰𝗹𝗲𝗮𝗻𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝘀𝗼𝘂𝗹 𝗮𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂'𝗱 𝗴𝗼 𝘁𝗵𝗿𝗼𝘂𝗴𝗵 @quickquack 𝐟o𝐫 𝐜l𝐞a𝐧i𝐧g y𝐨u𝐫 𝐛e𝐚u𝐭i𝐟u𝐥 𝐯e𝐡i𝐜l𝐞s, come to @newlifecorpus and @churchunlimited to #𝗮𝗽𝗽𝗹𝘆 

See these 2 dudes: @𝘇𝗮𝗻𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗿𝘂𝗺 @𝗷𝗮𝗺𝗲𝘀𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗳𝗳 for the application

In case #Lucifer tries to tell you to not go to see the 2 dudes above for an application, don't 

But if your curiosity gets the best of you...Quench it by watching a broadcasted service -  𝗦𝗘𝗘 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗙𝗘𝗘𝗟 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝗬𝗢𝗨𝗥𝗦𝗘𝗟𝗙

Once you're done with them you get a ticket to board the #𝘽𝙐𝙇𝙇𝙀𝙏_𝙏𝙍𝘼𝙄𝙉 scheduled to go straight to one of the 𝟕𝟐 𝐇𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐧𝐬 out there [𝗡𝗼 𝘃𝗶𝗿𝗴𝗶𝗻𝘀 𝘄𝗮𝗶𝘁𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘁𝗵𝗼𝘂𝗴𝗵] just #𝗘𝗹𝗦𝗵𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗮𝗶 and His Kingdom.

Beats being left behind with #𝐀𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐡𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐬 (ἀντίχριστος) or taking a 𝐝𝐢𝐩 with him in the 𝒍𝒂𝒌𝒆 𝒐𝒇 𝒇𝒊𝒓𝒆 right?
Paramount to worship i 𝐄𝐥-𝐑𝐨𝐢 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOXvQz_gtfA&list=RDMMoOXvQz_gtfA&start_radio=1
  3. @SharonMiller-x9r [1 likes]: Great points about the blend of data and creative skills! It seems the future media buyer is part strategist, part storyteller, and fully adaptable to the ever-changing digital landscape. I'm excited to see how this role continues to evolve and influence the industry.
  4. @lydialaga: This is about to be a crowded space 😂
  5. @cesarpereira391: holy yapper
  6. @MikencoAgency-ads: Love this. Mikenco partners with media buyers on the ad infrastructure side (accounts, structure, billing) so they can spend more time optimizing and less time fixing chaos.
  7. @fleazapp: which tool for managing media buy campaigns (emails, offer overview, status updates etc)
  8. @soli-t2d: It's great to see the industry emphasizing creative storytelling alongside data analysis; the best media buyers will be those who can blend both for maximum impact. What strategies do you recommend for staying updated with the constant evolution of ad platforms and technologies?
  9. @janynecobos: This video provides an excellent roadmap for anyone aspiring to thrive in the evolving world of media buying! The emphasis on both data analytics and creative storytelling is key, especially when starting out with platforms like Google Ads. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice!
  10. @illyssa-o8d: Excellent explanation of the shift towards strategic thinking and compelling narratives! It's great to see the value of creativity being emphasized alongside data analysis and platform expertise. What are some up-and-coming platforms you think media buyers should keep an eye on?
  11. @LaurieMurry: The focus on both data-driven strategy and creative content is spot on - it's clear media buying in 2025 will be about much more than just ad placement. For those starting out, focusing on platforms like Google Ads and developing strong communication skills will be invaluable. What are some resources you recommend for developing the "storytelling" aspect of media buying?
  12. @brittann-g6k: Great video highlighting the blend of analytical skills and creative storytelling needed for success in 2025! Building expertise on platforms like Google Ads while nurturing creative thinking seems like the right path. I'm eager to see how AI further shapes the role.
  13. @alexanderina-d1t: This video really demystifies the role; focusing on adaptability and continuous learning seems key, especially with the rise of AI. For those with creative experience, definitely leverage that – engaging content is only going to become more crucial!
  14. @Linette-w2t: Great breakdown of the media buyer's role in 2025! It's encouraging to hear that even with automation, strategic thinking and creative problem-solving will remain essential. This has definitely inspired me to focus on developing those skills as I enter the field.
  15. @southwell-x2x: Great breakdown! It's reassuring to see how valuable creative experience is becoming in media buying, especially with the focus shifting towards engaging content. I'm also curious about certifications that could help bridge the gap for someone with a strong creative background.
  16. @senatorolaa6306: Someone save me, I’m lost in life, I’m at the darkest spot in my life right now, pls recommend a freelance job for me, how I can get a certification and get a job ! Pls help
  17. @ofonmbukakpan1241: Pls, could you mentor me for a successful onboarding as a Media Buyer? Am a graduate of Marketing with years of strategic sales and customer behaviors experience.
Pls assist

Thanks
  18. @Isabel-s2q: Really appreciate the insight into the future of media buying! As someone considering a career change, this breakdown of skills and responsibilities is incredibly helpful.
  19. @OldisRoad: We are hiring. Hit us up.
  20. @paniyalafountain: Thank you so much for this video. It was very informative.

- Live at Meta’s 2026 Performance Marketing Summit: Ads, AI & Audiences: Kind: captions Language: en All right, wonderful. This is an atypical podcast for us. Like I said, first or second ever live episode. This one's way different. We typically don't have Aaron doing so much crowd work. I'm typically in boxer shorts cuz it's remote. So, this I'm a little this is a way game for us, I would say. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. >> We're going to figure We're going to figure >> Um all right. No, we'll get right into it. Um let me tee us up quickly. Marketing OPs come out every Tuesday. Uh I am the CMO at Ridge. Cody Plofker, CEO at Jones Road Beauty. Conor Rollan, head of growth at Hexclad. Uh we enjoy really nerding out on all the stuff that Meta discussed today. So, if you like that, we've got a podcast for you. Um Okay, sweet. So, you know, we did this last year. There was a big focus on incrementality last year, and that's really what we centered a lot of our our discussion around. It feels like this year the main takeaway should be two very important letters that I think everybody's thinking about. AI, artificial intelligence. Um I want to talk about some of the Meta specific AI infrastructure stuff that they've talked about. What are they investing in, and how does that affect us as brands and what we're trying to do every day? So, they brought up things like AI Cappy. We talked a lot about product catalogs, Andromeda Lattice, Gem, all sorts of new acronyms. Uh Cody, I want to kick it to you. Like, what is your general takeaway, and what stuck out to you from today's content? >> Yeah, last year was definitely big incrementality. There's still some focus on that, but obviously very clearly AI focused. Um if you took a shot every time they said AI, you would probably be dead right now. They They said it a lot. So, I think that is it. But, you know, breaking it down, it's clearly like Zuck said this on a earnings call. I I forget when. Maybe it was like a year ago of like there's going to be a world where you just tell us your product and your business goals, and we do the rest. And we're definitely not there yet, but there is definitely a vision to that. And um >> [snorts] >> it's cool to see how things are evolving with, you know, all of the stuff, all of the still trying to understand all of the, you know, I think we we all get Andromeda now, and there's a lot more people talking about that. But, Gem and Lattice and sequence learning and stuff like that. But, even the I find the catalog stuff interesting cuz it's it's actually the most boring topic to me, but because meta is focusing on it so much, it's so clearly so important or even like how they have done the AI CAPI to make it really easy for smaller brands to be able to implement CAPI just shows like how important it is and they're kind of saying like guys, this is a non-negotiable. Like you have to be able to give us these right inputs and I think they used to be you used to need developers and and technical stuff to be able to do that and now it's it's easy but it's also really important just to have like it's almost just a basic blocking and tackling that you need. >> Yeah, and I think it's been really cool. Like there's a lot of exciting updates. We'll talk about the catalog which I'm I'm excited about. Very much aligns with directionally how I think AI should be getting applied. Um, and there's just a lot of like uh, what is the the row is optimized option? They're like consolidating things that you can optimize for. They talk about cast campaigns. We didn't today, but that's like more and more part of the discussion with meta consolidating your ability to optimize between reach and purchase. Um, so just feels like meta is giving us more tools than ever to sort of lay that groundwork. Did anything else to cut to your Connor? >> Yeah, I think I think seeing all of the the different like outcomes that you can optimize your your meta account for and and meta really listening to hear what advertisers want which is new reach, new customers and we were talking after uh, like like where do you start with this stuff? And I think there's no one size fits all for where you start for this stuff. Like I was looking at our account last night and we really leaned into value cuz we sell a $700 set is our is our number one hero product and that's great. That works really well for us, but we also still leaned into the lower cost or lowest cost cuz we still need to acquire people at a lower CAC. We still want those lower lower AOV customers and then get them into reorders and grow that lifetime value over time. So I think that's cool to see. Like they're just building more and more tools to optimize for which is just going to appeal to more and more brands and what their like core KPI is and like that aligning with their AOV, and and everything that they need to be doing to scale their businesses. So, I don't think it's a a this or that. I think it very much is this and that and maybe that, and just like aligning those those optimization settings with what you're trying to do for your business and what makes sense for for what like allows your business to grow. So, they're just rolling out more of that stuff, which I think's just very, very exciting, and they're clearly listening to us and and everyone in what these brands need, which is new customers, some need cost and and minimize CAC, some need maximize value and raise AOV, and you know, 10 different brands need 10 different things, and it's cool to see all the different tooling come out to apply to all those brands. >> 100%. A lot of really interesting tooling, and again, like I want to make the distinction here, there are meta-specific tools. And then, what I want to do quickly is like zoom out a little bit. I think everybody who's operating on the brand side cares about AI as it relates to the meta ads platform, but really like how are you implementing it at a wider scope for your business, and what does that look like every day? And that's another form of infrastructure that we've cared a lot about, and I mentioned it on the the panel that I was on. So, Connor, I want to kick it back to you. At Hexclad, uh like what are the tools and what are the capabilities, and how are you scaling that across teams, whether that's in meta or outside of meta? And like your ability to lead strategy and produce the results that you need to. >> Yeah, it's funny cuz I'll I'll like be working in a coffee shop and you hear people talking about how their company doesn't allow them to use Claude. Like and and usually it's like these larger corporations, and I don't know what all the all the concerns are. Maybe it's it's data leakage and stuff like that, but I think like an enterprise Claude account right now is table stakes. Like I think it's up to the the leaders of companies to empower their teams to gain efficiencies with AI, and like if you're not if you don't have a an enterprise Claude account and allow all the connections into meta and and your data warehouse into all these different tools, like you are seriously just handicapping your team in how they can use AI to be more efficient, drive great outcomes. Like I'm thinking about a very specific use case. We're kind of like reigniting us a landing page sprint at Hex Cloud over the next month or two and we're sitting there on on Friday with our lead media buyer, director of paid media, and our CRO lead and a report that probably would have taken us three, four weeks a year or two ago to pull, London pulled it in a Friday afternoon cuz we have a connector to meta, we have a connector to clarity, we have a connector to our our data warehouse. So, we had all the questions we needed and we had all the connections we needed to pull that report way quicker. So, now our next meeting, which is going to happen after we review this data and come up with some ideas, is happening in two weeks or two and a half weeks instead of two two months or or two and a half months. So, I think it's like empowering your teams with that infrastructure. So, as they're coming across these problems in their business in your business, like they can just answer these questions way faster than you could have and if they don't have that infrastructure set up, now they're coming across these problems and instead of answering them right away, they're like going back to the infrastructure over and over again and trying to get things set up. So, like I think it's up to the leaders of companies to empower their teams to use these tools to answer these questions quicker. >> I've got a really nerdy You guys will tell This is so in character for me. Um but it's an adjustment we made recently which which I was stoked on was um to your point, like being able to rapidly create the reporting that you want. Historically, we've done a Tuesday weekly business review because the team spends a chunk of their Monday like putting together the reporting from the previous week. We're looking at performance across all of our categories, across markets. We're highlighting those things, we're discussing them Tuesday afternoon. Because that reporting has been consolidated down to like a query into cloud code, it happens automatically Sunday nights now. We're waking up with that reporting Monday morning and we've moved that meeting up from Tuesday or uh late morning to now it's Monday late morning. And all of a sudden we've got like an additional eight hours of work that we can synchronously do that we previously weren't doing. And it's just like really small wins that I'm just like constantly stoked about. Um >> Yeah, the prep time went to what? 5 minutes instead of instead of 5 hours? >> And then and then you get these compounding benefits of taking action slightly earlier. You're extending the time that you can work on other things. Um so yeah, anyway, I I I love that one. Um Cody, you've spent a lot of time and spoken very publicly about how you're implementing AI at Jones Road. I'm curious like what's the most impactful implementation that you found? >> The biggest one that I focus on the most is like Shopify CRO. Like I've been just as a test kind of at night running our whole CRO program. Like we had a launch yesterday and I built like five new PDP sections. Um and it's so cool like I'll do it from my phone like on nights and weekends and stuff. And I even built like I I pre-developed these so like they were more just populating the templates, but I just wanted to like show my team what it was capable of. I built five landing pages without ever going inside Shopify. Like I did it directly from the CLI. And so just the fact that you can do that and push that and like I have no time to be able to populate content and like upload 30 images. Like I'm never going to do that, but I can you can do it directly from Claude and just you know tell it to do it. And so I just think that's like a microcosm of where the world is going. And so all of the manual things you just you don't have to do. And you know we have ad uploading tools that can upload ads and you know experimenting with with Meta CLI. Um same thing like we have one data analyst and in the past it used to take a week two weeks to get a report. We have our entire data warehouse. That was like one of our Q1 projects that we can access in Claude directly from there. And so you can get anything in a in a heartbeat and you don't have to be technical at all. Um so I think that was like step one, but now it's like actually the execution layer on top of that. And the expectations for being able to do these things is so much faster now. Like I tweeted about it last week, but like I want to get to a place where my team, if we have an cuz we do a Monday morning or Monday stand-up that now we can do Monday morning, if we have an idea and see an ad that's performing well, in the past, you guys know, sometimes it can be weeks to a month to get that live. You need a funnel, you got you need a project management system, you got to brief a creator, you got to brief an editor. It's no longer good enough. I want to have a 24-hour full funnel launch where and it and it's it's not even a crazy thing where you can build a landing page, you can have copy, images, stuff like that done, but you can also have creatives produced and obviously this would be like static iteration, but that can be done in 24 hours and and you can just get insights so much faster and I just think on I again we we can't forget we're advertising on social and social the you need that speed sometimes and the best teams have that. And so I think that is what it will enable and that's like one of the most important things. >> Totally. You know what I think is an interesting parallel? I'd love you guys's I'm going to I'm going to pressure test a concept for you guys. We talked a lot a lot about product catalog and this makes a lot of sense to me in terms of like how do you ultimately get performance and accurate and good dynamic creative from Meta? And it seems like right now and this was like a main talking point from from all the all the the panels and things that we heard today where like you need to start with the catalog. You need to have clean data, skew level, your descriptions, you have your variant images. You can enrich that catalog further and that's like sort of a bottoms-up approach because historically what would happen is you would load all these videos and static ads into the account. Meta doesn't know quite which product that you're you're advertising and then it's just trying to like do iterations on top of that. And I think the the historical implementation of generative AI as it relates to Meta feels very topical in that sense and this move to product catalog is like them investing in this bottoms-up like infrastructure first approach. And I think the parallel for that for brands is actually to say all that same process but investing in the data internally. Like Cody brings up the data warehouse. It's like, yeah, if I have my forecast and my daily spend and my daily revenue accurately stored in some sort of warehouse so that I can filter it across all the dimensions that I care about, now all of the sudden I've got that same bottoms-up approach that's going to allow my team to create better reports, get better insights, and ultimately act faster. So, what do you guys think? You think that's that's tracking or am I just like uh drinking the Kool-Aid? >> No, I think that's start I mean, what we just talked about in terms of empowering teams to like answer their questions in real time with Claude by having the accounts set up and all the connections set up and not like gatekeeping that, it's really no different than what Meta is saying with the catalog, right? It's saying, "Hey, if you have a really clean catalog with all the data and all the information on this catalog, we can generate more creative for you, reach more people, drive down your CPA, drive up your return on ad spend." So, I think it's I really think it's the same thing. Like, they're asking for a very clean input and if you give that that clean input, you're going to get orders of magnitude greater output. So, I think that totally makes sense. >> 100%. >> of the one of the things I've noticed that's cool from like AI is there's a ton of leverage and like you have to do some of this technical work up front. Like, for Shopify, like you have to build components and things like that, but there's a lot of leverage and then the systems can use them to work off of and make decisions. I think it's the same thing where like, you know, you have to talk about naming conventions, but like catalog is kind of same thing. It's not a fun thing. It's not a sexy thing, but like you have to have your your CAPI set up properly and then now you have to have your your catalog with all of the information and it takes some time to do that, but once you have it, then it's clearly such an important input for these AI systems to be able to use and kind of optimize from. So, it's it is kind of annoying and and not a sexy thing, but it is just so important and it's like Meta is so clearly saying this is kind of like table stakes >> Totally. >> for this next system of the ad, you know, auctions. >> 100%. The the other thought that I had was um and I I I joke about this with the team sometimes cuz we're everybody's really excited about implementing AI. It was a big topic last year, 2 years ago everybody's talking about it. I think what we're talking about now is like a more I don't know, like a higher quality way of implementing it cuz historically I feel and what I would say is you know someone will give me something that was AI generated. I'm like okay, an intelligence generated this. I don't really care if it's artificial. It's a pretty low-level intelligence. Like clearly it didn't have the context that it needed. Clearly this thing isn't good and like what we actually need to be doing is like making sure that we are evoking a high-level intelligence from this magic chatbot yeah, chatbots or whatever so that we can produce the content that we need that's actually going to work. So I think that comes down to infrastructure. It seems like Meta's on board. >> Well, it's cuz it's context, right? It's like these models have gotten better and now teams are getting more sophisticated and they're using skills or projects and giving it context. It's the same thing and getting your Cappy and getting your um your catalog set up correctly and then using things like value rules or margin bidding is just giving these AI systems the context of what you want. >> 100%. They're all examples of like the guardrails and sort of the the pulleys and levers that we have available to us to set up Meta in a way that's ultimately going to align with our objectives and like that just feels so much more foundational and like I I see the semblance, the path to Zuck's vision of us never having to produce another ad again and we just turn on the Meta money printer machine. Like I'd love to get there. >> We're headed there. >> Wait, hopefully. I don't know what we'll do in the meantime, but or when we get to that point. Okay, I want to talk about creative maybe a little bit further and staying on the topic of catalogs um cuz Connor, what is your take on like how Hexclad might be implementing the product catalog and what does that mean for your business over the next you know, 6-12 months? >> Yeah, I think I think we all have like and most brands out there have their quote-unquote hero products that they build 90% of their ads around and 90% of their landing pages around and that's for good reason. You know, those that those hero products drive the lion's share of revenue, but you know, I know at Hex Clad we we have like three product categories that we consistently invest in building funnels around. That doesn't mean that we can just ignore all these other products and product categories and that we can't acquire customers on these other products and product categories. With that being said, like I don't think it's probably a great use of my team's time to go and spend, you know, a month going on a sprint building out market bags, for example. Now, market bags are we have a great market bag. I think it is very differentiated from what's out there and I do believe we can acquire customers on that product, but we're we're balancing our resources all the time. So, I think that's what's cool about what I'm hearing about Meta's catalog product is it's it's no longer just this carousel of product images on a blank background, you know, it's very much informing a lot more creative. So, what I'm excited about is how can we set up our our product catalog in a way where we can enable Meta to make tons of market bag ads, just as an example, and not have it eat up a bunch of our team's resources and grow that business unit and maybe that business unit is still only 1% of our revenue or 2% of our revenue, but I think we could double it or triple it and not have it eat up a ton of our team's time and they can still focus on the hero funnels. That's what's really exciting to me. Like, can we can we have a really clean catalog and produce hundreds of market bag ads and really scale that business unit. I think that's the that's the exciting part about this this like catalog product update. >> So, for me, number one, like we just did a I brought in a consultant to do an audit of our pixel, our CAPI, and our GA4, cuz these things are just so important and I I suspected something was wrong, but it was it was pretty good. Same thing. So, after this, the first thing I'm going to do is get a get a catalog audit. Like, just to make sure things are set up correctly and it's again, one of those boring things. I don't want to spend the time there, but I I think it is that important to do and just make sure like we're feeding the right parameters in and have it set up. And then I think just thinking about it differently. I've always thought about catalog as like DPA, like dynamic product ads, where you know, you you can have like a marpipe or something like that, or it's just like the basic white images. And I think it's not like that. Like now they have the catalog product videos and thinking of of it more as a context in the data source like a pixel instead of an actual ad unit, and that can then just serve to other ad units. Um so I think first just making sure like proper data hygiene and taking the time to get it audited, and then thinking about it differently um and how it's going to feed other stuff, and definitely testing some of the video stuff as well. Um and then like it's just yeah, it's just clear that's the direction it's going in. So that'll just be the foundation. Like I'm really excited about a lot of the like meta creator changes that they're doing. Um you know, last year there was a lot of gen AI stuff, but there was also a lot of creator partnership ads. Like from so many brands that, you know, we talk to and we talk about is like these like affiliate creator armies are are really crushing and using the algorithm correctly. And so I don't think that's going to go away. I think if anything meta is continuing to invest more in that, and I think they'll they'll keep talking about that. But I think like that will tie in with this because um just having creators who can then, you know, tag your catalog and be an affiliate, and then you never know it might be a for a product that they bought that's your market tote that you weren't expecting to do. And then you're like, "Hey, this is a good piece of creative. This is doing well organically or affiliate. Let's see if we could put some spend behind this." Um is is what we've seen on other channels, and I think it'll happen more here. >> Yeah, I think that's a really interesting point. It it does it's funny to think about an affiliate program. If you have like and we've spent so much time on this over the last couple months at Ridge, but like activating hundreds of creators, having them post thousands of videos, all those videos are tagging products. It's like a form of it's like crowdsourced catalog enrichment. Where all of the sudden theoretically in the future when Meta's supporting this in a way that TikTok Shop is cuz they're doing such a good job of it. Um we're we're able to like auto auto-generate, but like sort of in mass create all this content that's getting associated down to that uh product catalog, and then can be pre-populated into all the other ad placements that, you know, Meta has available to it. >> And I I think that'll happen. I think that's like definitely one of my predictions. So, like GMV maxification of everything of all media. I think that's what it'll be is like outside of like the gen AI stuff. It's just like creators creator flywheels, and then just putting media dollars behind that, but in like a very automated media buying way. >> It's funny cuz I was thinking of them as distinct strategies. Like I and I thought that's where you were going with it was like, "Hey, one path is going to be enrich your catalog, allow Meta to create all these like very rich dynamic ads across all the different placements." And then the other side of the coin would be get a Discord full of 1,500 creators who are producing, you know, 3,000 videos a month for you. But what you're saying is you actually think that vision is like unified. >> Well, it's the same way. So, like if you're running partnership ads, you need a pixel, you need a copy. I just think the catalog is now the same input that's going to give you know, the the ad engine all of the context behind this, but then it'll use it can gen gen AI some creative, but also it'll use that creator stuff as the creative, and that's like the data source behind it. >> That makes a lot of sense. Connor, you guys have spent a bunch of time with product seeding. I know you're excited about the product tagging. Any other points to hit here? >> Yeah, I just think like brands hit rates are going to go way up on product seeding if now they can also say, "And oh, and by the way, if you're interested, here's an affiliate link, and you can use the product tagging feature in Reels." Like I could see a brand having significant growth in the amount of content they're seeing get posted from creators they're seeding by adding this into their outreach strategy. So, I think that's one thing I'm excited about is to like adjust how we're seeding products and almost dangling that carrot a little bit more on like, "Hey, we're not only going to give you free product, but here's an affiliate link and like you can do this product tagging in Reels and you can make additional money on top of that." And to Cody's point, if you do that and if they are going to post and tag it and use the affiliate link, well, you're much likely to get content that's going to work as an ad cuz if they're using an affiliate link, they're probably trying to explain the product, explain the USPs, and those are the types of pieces of content that perform well in ads versus, you know, uh someone cooking in a HexClad or someone's Ridge wallet shows up in their content, but it's not about that, which like I want that, too, but I want to also fuel the paid media creative engine, and I think that's a really exciting way to do that. And I'm also also excited just to re-engage with everyone that is an Instagram creator that we've already seeded and say, "Hey, glad you love our products. We love that you posted content. By the way, now you can do this thing and earn additional money on top of everything that you're already getting from us." And I'm curious to see how many Instagram creators we can reactivate because of this product seeding functionality. So, I think there's like a new iteration of how we outreach people, but then also this whole reactivation strategy, which is going to be really exciting. >> I am excited for Meta Performance Marketing Summit 2027 when we've got full creator discovery, creator outreach, we're seeding product, we've got native affiliate payments, and to your point, like really build that flywheel around incentivizing them to create content that sells, create a ton of it, and then, you know, we're serving the purpose of it all gets associated down to that catalog in a way that everybody wants. >> think that's what it is and even like I think if we think that's the direction, even now I think a lot of the game is like understanding what media buying looks like today, which is very different. It's not selecting audiences. It's It's not even doing a ton with bids, right? It's It's understanding how the media relates to incrementality. So, do you need to do value rules to push to different audiences, you know, are you should you be doing IA versus not? Like there definitely is some level of testing into a lot of that, making sure you have your data correct, and then it's just creative velocity on top of that. And the best way I think to do creative velocity is with a creator ecosystem. >> Totally. Yeah, so okay, so and that really nails the creative point. It's like we're going to get to like mass somewhat some of it will be dynamically generated via all of meta tools. Some of it will be done by like massive amounts of people on Discord. Going back to the media buying point we talked about signal measurement creative. We talk a lot about like is media buying dead is like a common question. And it does feel I was having this conversation with someone at lunch. There are more tools than ever. And like it feels like we went through a period of time where maybe four or five years ago a lot of value could be created almost exclusively via media buying. There was a lot of alpha in the right targeting, the right campaign structure, etc. Felt like that went away in many in in a lot of capacities and consolidation was key and you have fewer tools. But now we talk about I mentioned some of them earlier but cask and and rowas optimized options and and all these other things. where do you think like where is the Jones Road media buying team spending time today? And for people who are just sort of exploring these tools, how are they how are their media buyers best leveraging it in in you know in a way that's different than years ago? >> So it's been a long time since I've been in platform, but let's say it's like five years ago. What I remember, you have to upload ads, you have to pick your campaign settings. You back in the day used to do targeting and testing look-alikes, testing stuff like that. You scale budgets, you turn on ads. Like I used to optimize ads weekly and you would go in and you'd go into North Beam and be like, "Hey, these are my testing ads that I'm going to do. I'm going to go and scale these. Here are my ads that are fatigued. I got to shut these off." Like The the the testing and scaling still happens, but a lot of that is actually on the creative analysis front. So I think that's a big component. It's clear, you know, everyone knows this, right? Like I don't know if the stat is still 56% of results are creative related. Like any media buyer has to I'm not saying they have to make creative. I think you can decide for your company. but they do have to be able to analyze creative and help with that flywheel. I have the expectations now with AI, all of these convergence of roles, that media buyer and creative strategists are becoming more of one. It's the same way where, you know, all of this Shopify dev CRO stuff, one person can now do CRO strategy, copywriting, design, development, analysis because with because of AI, the same thing is going to come for the media buyer and creative strategist role. So, they are becoming closer to one. I still think there's some distinct lanes. Um but, you know, ad uploading has pretty much been solved. There's a Meta CLI now, and so you can automatically upload stuff. Interest targeting is pretty much dead. I do think there's a level of like growth experimentation that's never going to go away. You need to understand your business, run experiments, test them, be able to, you know, have a hypothesis. Again, AI can help with a lot of that, but you need to be able to do that because there are more settings than ever before. There's no longer like the power five or performance five. Like these are best practices. Now, Meta's saying like, "Hey, there are some fundamental truths we need everybody to know. You got to have your CAPI set up. You got to use Andromeda, have creative diversity." But, it's also like there are actually so many nuanced things for your business. Do you want to be on volume versus value? Do you want to be doing bid multipliers or value rules? What's your customer life cycle strategy? Like there are a lot of specific things that I think are good things to choose from, but it does create a little bit more complexity of what people need to do. So, I think it's like the growth experiment side. Post-click is easy cuz again, you used to have to go to a dev team and a CRO team and get it in a backlog. Well, like it's so important that post-click experience is so important for performance. I need my growth team to be able to do it cuz they're going to be held accountable to it. So, part of the way I think about it is what are you measuring this person on? What are their KPIs? And then do they have the resources and the autonomy to be able to do it? I don't want them to always have to wait on creative or e-comm. Um and anybody non-technical can now do that and set up a landing page test. So, I just think these roles are continuing to converge and there's some fuzzy areas, but you just have to work through it, but it's no longer budgets and shutting off ads. >> Totally, yeah. 100% agree. I like the flow of like there's growth experimentation and then there's like and you're identifying where you're creating value in the business through things like uh geo lift studies, measuring incrementality. Then there is the how do you instill that in the ad account? And meta to their credit hits this point all the time. Like they want to be as aligned with your true business objectives as possible. There's more tools than ever to do that and feels like the media buyer role has become instilling that within the account with all the tools that you have available to you. Um, I do think like signal was brought up a number of times today and as a business ridge is just more diverse than ever and I think there's still more nuance to instill in terms of like signal engineering. If I want to be driving whether it's a purchase but a certain type of purchase or I talk about all the time really is marketers we just want to be driving an engaged shopper. And it's like I I don't even feel like we quite have the tools to do that yet. So, I'm excited maybe 2027 we're talking about a few more um options available to us on the sort of signals that we can we can optimize for. But on the topic of media buying Connor anything else you'd want to hit here? >> Yeah, I think I think like today's great media buyer enables just like very clear strategy with with data analysis and then can even to your point go and like make some of those moves without needing a a designer or dev, right? Like if can they go and see a new creator is really taking off in the ad account and then go into Mayans and like start briefing out a landing page right away to optimize that funnel. Like I think those are the things that a great media buyer is doing today. So, like distilling that data, bringing that to the team and enabling quick decisions to go and do the next thing and then maybe even doing some of those things themselves like the landing page design. And maybe they can't get it all the there, right? But maybe it's like, "Hey, this creator's crushing. Here's a little mock-up I put together on how I think we can optimize this funnel." That goes to a designer, and then that goes to a developer, and like that's a lot quicker workflow than it was a year or 2 years ago. I still think there is like we saw today, right? There's a lot of things that meta that you can optimize a meta campaign for. You can do value, you can do lowest cost, you can do these bid multipliers, you can do lifetime value. I still think like a good media buyer can can look at all that and all that optionality and say, "Hey, I think these two things are the most likely to work for this business and like their product catalog and their AOV and all this." Because it there's an opportunity cost to like sifting through the stuff that that doesn't work, right? And if you're just sitting there kind of mindlessly saying, "All right, I'm going to do first, second, third, fourth, fifth." And now it takes you, you know, 8 weeks to find the the optimization setting that really worked best, well, that's a lot of wasted time, wasted money, less efficient than you could have been. So, I still think there is some skill in like being able to have that like matching of business objective to what you can optimize for in meta. I think that's a smaller part of it though. But there's there still is some value in that, I think. >> 100%. Um All right, let's see. I've got one question. Do you guys see a future I I and this actually came up in the conversation too. It does feel like over time we'll stop making the distinction between catalog ads and like non-catalog ads. And at some point I'm probably going to be able to build a campaign where I'm able to manually build an ad and then just run catalog ads alongside that within the same ad set. So, that's probably the future. But do you think that like projecting far out and then I want to ask if you guys have any hot takes from the day. Uh Projecting far out, is there a scenario where like 50% of Bridge's budget is product is is product catalog ads as we know them now? >> Yes, but it won't be as you know them now. It'll be 50% of your budget will be on gen AI creative. On the front end what you'll see is statics or videos or animated stuff with hyper-personalized headlines and backgrounds and stuff like that that'll be gen AI created. And on the back end will be powered by the catalog information. >> Okay, so let's call that let's say 50% is kind of the the line here. When do we hit that point? Is it 6 months from now? A year from now? >> Well, then I think the other 50% is creator sourced, you know, affiliate, whatever it is. That's what I think. Um I don't think that there will be brands who, you know, are uploading 100 Figma design statics per week. Like I think that will happen in Meta and that'll be catalog ads underneath it. Um When that happens, I mean, I think I remember we talked about it last year about, you know, the gen AI stuff and Meta was pushing it hard. And we also kind of talked about the the irony of of it a little bit cuz on one side it was all gen AI and the other it was all creators. And it's like you have the kind of the least authentic stuff to the most authentic. But if you think about how much better gen AI has gotten since then, um it is clearly accelerating at, you know, the most rapid of the pace. So, I'm sure when we're here next year, hopefully we get invited back, hopefully we're on the main stage next year. Um it'll be, you know, it'll be so much further along and I think it'll be a lot more. And I think probably, you know, we're at 2026 by 2030, like it just doesn't even look anything like what we had. It's probably three clicks of a button, pick my goal, pick my product, boom, done. All right. We've got maybe like another question then. Do we want to do Q&A? Well, maybe TBD. We'll get a mic ready in case we want. But I'll hit two more questions here. Connor, one thing today that you're going to immediately action with your team. >> I I think the the Monday morning task for us is Cody kind of hit on this, but like catalog cleanliness. Like I think it's just been a long time since we've actually gone back and and looked at our catalog and have actually looked at the list of things that Meta is saying it needs to do the absolute best job possible in generating creative based on it. So, that's where I'm going to go start. It's like it's very clear that meta's investing in this product. We also have a ton of like like within HexClad business unit objectives that I'm really excited about how this functionality can serve. Like I already hit on the market bags, but that's just the start of it, right? We have all sorts of new cookware accessories. We have new lines of cookware. We have new categories coming out. And like I want to get ads for these products in the account quickly, like in days, not weeks, not months. So, that's point one for us is like let's go like we're going to get on the horn with our meta rep. We're going to run through the list of everything that they're saying is going to give you the best catalog feed possible. And we're just going to audit our catalog and make sure that it's set up the right way so we can get the best gen AI possible cuz I would bet that you know, a lot of the marketers saying, "Hey, the gen AI creative's not there yet." I would bet if you went and looked at the inputs that that are required to like get it to be really good are probably not there either. So, that's step one I think before we even try to like start serving all these objectives is just like make sure the input's super dialed in. >> Cody, what would you say? >> I mean, I'm not going to take that one cuz that was a good one. >> to You got to go to a different one. >> Um I'm doubling down on the, you know, the the creator stuff. I'm continuing to do that. Yes, I'm doing that in the background, but just doubling down on on creator. Tripling down on that. >> Cuz how's TikTok Shop going for you guys? >> It's going well. It's, you know, slow to start, but a lot of that stuff is performing very well on on meta. Just like the most organic authentic stuff. Between that and like our partnership ad funnel, like I have to stop myself cuz a lot of times I'll review stuff if I am. And I'm like, "There's no hook to this. There's no edit, whatever." And like it just crushes. It's just so different than what from what I think it's what people want to see on the platform now. And you can't really predict it. So, you kind of just have to feed your ad account with um a lot of it and and see what works. >> Totally. Uh I mentioned this on stage, but month to date we've done 700 ads at Ridge. And that's like padding the stats a little bit. We just launched Memorial Day, we're going into Father's Day. We had a lot of this kind of like back loaded, but it's a lot of variance, things like that. It doesn't include just last week for our TikTok Shop campaign, we we posted 1,200 videos. So, like almost 2,000. And that's that army of creators, each of those are posting, it's probably an average of like six or seven posts per person, something like that. So, hundreds of people creating 1,200 ads. And I'm excited for two reasons. One is Meta's clearly signaling where they want to go, and they want to support this. And then two, I think brands today I don't think about us I mean, we are doing TikTok Shop, but I don't think about it that way. What we're figuring out is like how do we activate creators at scale? How are we reaching out to them? How are we briefing them? How are we doing community calls each week to tell them what concepts are working? What are the new products that we're launching? How are we treating that as a resource to just generate content agnostically across platforms. So, whether that's Meta in the future when they've got all the tools for me to reward them on an affiliate basis, we're able to sort of pour gas on that fire immediately. So, I'm also going to piggyback off that answer. Immediate next step, we'll continue going down that path because I think it only becomes more important over time. >> Yeah, I was pretty happy with the numbers we are doing on on what we launched this week, and then I heard that, and now I'm definitely saying we're going to we got to do more. >> Yeah. Yeah, we're running a contest now where we're just rewarding people on amount of videos. Well, I've said this a lot too, but like what I'm trying to do at Ridge right now as it relates to our creator activation is just flood the zone. I want as many pieces of content live, we're going to identify quicker what works, what doesn't. We're going to trim it down over time, cuz the future is not us spending, you know, a couple thousand dollars every time someone posts 100 videos. Like we want to align our incentives around revenue a little bit further, but I think to bootstrap our way there, we can just sort of like blitz it early on. >> We have a few tools right now that's helping with volume. Some of them are our TikTok Shop creators, we can go to them and offer a flat fee or a percentage. It's kind of cool, we can offer a percentage spend of all of their videos. So, a creator can just opt in and be like, "Hey, whatever you could have access to any of the videos I post that I tagged you guys in. Just give me a percentage." And so, just drastically scales volume. Or, we can actually do partnership ads on a on a percentage. And so, it allows us then to just it just derisks it. And then so, I'm telling my team like, "We should just really there's no limit to volume. It's really inventory is the only limit." Um and I just think that's the name of the game. >> That pesky inventory, dude. Um do you guys have any hot takes from today? >> I still think we're a a ways out from the generative media buying. We're We've been talking a lot about this and it's a hot topic cuz it's like a cool and sexy and fun and controversial thing, but I mean, we tried it with with uh certain uh tools out there and like I hope it gets there, but I just I think we're a ways out. So, that's my I don't know if that's a hot take or not, but I think we're a little bit It's a lukewarm take, yeah. >> Cody? >> What's yours? >> Yeah, I've got Well, so looking at all the product catalog stuff, I did have the thought that at some point it feels like it becomes very competitive with Shopify. Like if all of a sudden all I need to be giving Meta is like my catalog level information and they have their one-click AI checkout in app and they're producing all the content that I need, like you understand how the website is far less important at that point. And at some point there will have uh maybe like Meta-native brands in the same way that like some people just sell on Etsy and like that's how they do it over there. That might exist on Meta, but you have the like underlying infrastructure to really scale it. So, I think that's like a maybe an interesting bridge we'll have to cross years down the road when they maybe become more competitive. >> But But Harley told us that. Like what I think when one of you guys, when we had Harley on the pod, asked us like, "Where's the vision?" And he kind of said that. He's like, "We don't really see the future as websites. Like we see the future as a feed to serve wherever you want to shop." >> And then it's just But how defensible does that become? And at some point does Meta say, "Hey, we want to be processing those payments." Um cuz that's really what Shopify is at that point. So, Well, that's that's my hot take. >> And I think if if uh in theory if this trends how Meta's building towards, which is like Meta's doing a lot of the generative creative on product focus more DR assets. I think they're all of a sudden there's even more alpha in the ability to create like really well done brand forward content, right? So now it's like, all right, we don't need to focus our our efforts as much as like product focus DR stuff. >> But now creative strategy teams are going to be shifting more towards like these beautiful high-fi more storytelling driven ads that historically like aren't what you fill your Meta account with, right? Those are more of like the upper funnel objectives, the YouTube ads, the CTV ads. But now does that become even a bigger moat because you don't have to focus as much of your human resources on the DR product stuff? Like I could see it trending that way and I think that would be great cuz that's that's where you really build brand. Um and and like I think brands can really differentiate themselves with that type of creative. >> I think that's a good one. And that was more of a focus last year was like developing culturally relevant creative and I don't think uh gen AI from product catalogs is a way to like make your brand cool necessarily. So someone will have to do that at some point. >> ROAS is going to be great. >> ROAS will be great. >> So I think Meta has done a really good job of allowing businesses to set their objectives and and their different criteria cuz they used to be very they were like, "Hey, consolidate, consolidate, consolidate. Here's AI, power five, performance five." And I think it was too simplistic. I think like I get why they did it, but I think there were challenges and you know, we talked about this. I've tweeted about it for my predictions like, you know, there were challenges reaching new customers and things like that and they've done a really good job of looking into that and kind of aligning like again, last year was all about incrementality like and now there's, you know, stuff like PLTV and margin optimization. Like aligning their systems to business outcomes. The only con to that is it's so much more complicated, right? There's no longer a set of five things that you have to do to get success. Now it's very confusing and even like sophisticated teams like ours are still confused on how much should I be on value versus VO and IA and should this be my whole account on IA or is this just a percentage and how do I marry all these things together? Like it's just it is a lot more complicated now. And so I think that they will reel it in a little bit and find a way to kind of blend both of them and keep the the basic Zuck vision of just tell us what you want to do and we'll do it for you. But as well as not get too consolidated and if you have different goals than I have, right, be able to do that. So I think and I think AI will help with that because AI can kind of do a lot of that out on the back end without the advertiser having to do it. >> Perfect. All right, we'll call it an episode. >> So I >> Thanks everyone for listening. >> Thank you guys. >> [applause] >> All right. >> All right, hopefully we get invited back.

  Top Comments:
  1. @balloonredd [2 likes]: can you ask meta why they like turning on features without our consent and burn our cash?
  2. @relaypush [2 likes]: Just look at those bros all together live! Nice!!
  3. @OrendorffAaron [1 likes]: PROFESSIONAL PODCASTERS! More seriously though, great recap
  4. @TheRuggedHamster: 37:14 there is still a place for a central platform for commerce even in this scenario, Meta will be (and is) one of many places people want to distribute product listings. If AI is improving ad performance, Meta's competition will improve as well.
  5. @FinnRadford-u7m: Soooo good
  6. @DennisChildsTea: How you’re using AI inside your reporting and creative was helpful. I would like to know more about the stacks

- How to Become a Media Buyer in 2026 (Earn 6 Figures Without a Degree): Kind: captions Language: en I had zero experience no marketing degree and this nagging feeling that I was getting everything wrong when it came to Facebook ads media buying and even just digital marketing as a whole fast forward to today and I am working with global brands that literally slide into my DMs weekly and I've built a career making multiple six figures every single year as a growth marketer and creative strategist and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how I got here and how you can copy my every single move this video is actually a remake from one of my most popular videos from 2020 but a lot has changed I've changed and the industry has changed a ton and here's exactly what we're going to be covering today first what is a media buyer in 2025 we're also going to go over the four types of media buyers there are if you want to be successful I'm also going to show you the exact type of education you need and how to get it and how to get experience so that you can get a job I'm even going to show you exactly how I started my career and how you can get your first full-time paying job even my resumes and cover letters that got me interviews and finally I'm going to show you how to make six figures from this career and build true wealth but before we get started I have one really small ask please give this video a like And subscribe I have a personal goal this year to help as many people as possible become a media buyer or creative strategist now go ahead I'll wait okay so what is a media buyer in 2025 let's start off with the basics so for this video and for for my work a media buyer is someone who strategizes creates and manages paid advertising campaigns across digital platforms so Senator we run ads Senator we run ads so primarily this is going to be Facebook Instagram Tik Tok Snapchat and Google but here's the twist in 2025 media buying isn't just about simply launching a Facebook ad so how exactly has the role evolved it's so crazy because even just a few years ago being a media buyer was all about the targeting and meticulously managing and optimizing and add account but now the game has changed quite a bit and one of the first big things that's changed is automation is now everywhere so a lot of the actual media buying has been completely automated thanks to AI advancements tools like meta Advantage Plus and Google's performance Max now actually handle a lot of the manual tasks that I used to personally do testing audiences and placements and even ad creatives another big thing too is that creative is absolutely King to succeed especially on meta ads so media buyers today need to have a really sharp sense of creative strategy it's not just about running the ads it's actually about being able to create and develop creative that really resonates with the audience so in 2025 I'd say that the most successful media buyers are 50% media buying and growth and Technical execution on these ad platforms and 50% creative Strat straty this blend of technical skill but also High emotional EQ is what really tends to set people apart nowadays and I'd say the most successful media buyers have this really important mind shift change that you need to make right now as well your goal should not be to be a media buyer it should be to learn how to grow businesses so I've worked in this industry for over 10 years now and I've noticed again and again that there are four types of media buyers that end up almost always making six figures and I'm curious to which one you guys are so be sure to let me know in the comments so the first type is the one that I am a media buyer SLC creative strategist so of course these people launch and manage the ads and campaigns as a media buyer but they also contribute heavily to the creative strategy and actually decide what types of AD creatives you're actually going to be running and to be honest this is a massive role and I often find that at some point a brand or an agency absolutely has to separate this role into two different people however I'd say that if there is an opportunity for you to Define yourself as a specific media buyer this is an excellent one to do if you want to grow and candidly make a lot of money these people very often become directors and Senior directors at ad agencies and Brands and I often find that they're also really good at managing people I've also seen a number of these people also turn into agency owners as well and the second one is a media buyer slon conversion rate optimization specialist AKA someone who also makes landing pages I'd like to say that these people are funnel enthusiasts and my big hint here is that there are not enough of these people if these people are good I very often see them becoming directors or even VPS at agencies and Brands I've also seen a number of these people end up becoming specialty agency owner so maybe they specialize in owning a conversion rate optimization agency or they decide to focus on a specific Niche or industry like consumer product goods think like a Nick Sharma now the third type of media buyer is someone who is super tech technal they are your data and analytics enthusiasts this one was really never me but these people are media buyers but real numbers people they are enthusiastic about overall business metrics and really like to live in spreadsheets these type of people end up becoming your VPS of growth or Revenue I also think they make really great agency owners think like a tailor holiday and the final media buyer is unfortunately the Dying Breed this is just your traditional media buyer however I still think that some people could survive being a traditional media buyer if they also were crossplatform so they didn't only specialize in Facebook ads and Tik Tok ads but they also specialized in Google ads and Snapchat ads and other emerging ad platforms now of course if you don't fit into any of these roles that's okay this industry is literally changing almost completely every 6 months or so so there's probably going to be another media buyer hyph in it type of of role that's going to be opening up within the next few months that's wildly important to our industry and if you already think that you know what that role is let me know so let's talk about what you need to know to become a media buyer in 2025 and I'm going to get really specific here first things first you do not need a marketing degree at all I don't have one none of the great media buyers that I know have them but if you are working on getting a marketing injy Don't Panic just know that you are getting a real really great foundation for fundamentals that media buyers have to learn later but again not really necessary to become an actual media buyer now there are going to be a few different educational sections here and I actually think the best way to begin is to really understand the types of interview questions that you're going to have to really nail to get that full-time position and the reason why is because this is going to really help you prepare for what you're going to need to excel in this type of role so here are the education questions that you need to prep these are the exact things that I prepped for when I was going through this process of getting a full-time job and I know that the reason why I was able to get that role was because I answered these flawlessly question number one how do you approach meta ads SL media buying so this is going to go into how you approach strategy how you approach campaigns account structure even a little bit of creative strategy another question to prepare for is how do you save a campaign that is failing question number three how do you manage it all this is actually something that I think a lot of media buyers overlook this essentially goes into how you manage your own workflow how you analyze data and even how you go about making optimizations what brands and agencies really want to see here is that you have a process and an approach to how you look at ad campaigns every single day they really want to see someone who is really methodical and the final question is where do you get your education the reality is that this industry is changing literally all the time so how do you make sure that you are up todate on best practices how do you make sure that you are really in the know with what's going on in the platform or different types of creative strategies Brands and agencies only want to hire people who can manage these core questions next let's talk about free resources and education yes you can pay for a course to turn you into a media buyer but to be honest with a little bit of leg work you can find all of this information for free readily available online there are four main places that I'm always checking to stay up to date number one is of course YouTube you are watching me right now on YouTube and there are ton of great YouTubers that I really respect for putting their stuff and their POV out on media buying there's also a lot of junk I'm not going to lie but I would actually say look for the people that are currently working as media buyers like mac rosenwater like Charlie te like Nick theot these people are literally in the trenches all day every day and I really respect their POV but there are a ton and I'm going to link all of my favorites in the description below and next up are newsletters I actually think that media buyers really underutilize newsletters because I find that a lot of people that actually have good ones go super super indepth on the subject matter that they're talking about for that specific day so here are a few of my favorites I would say subscribe to them all read them all but over time you'll realize what your favorite ones are which ones that you really connect with um but I actually find that newsletters are where I'm able to go much deeper on a you know specific topic specific tactic or strategy and that really ends up being more beneficial to me than a lot of the YouTubes fortunately next up Podcast I will say I am like kind of on the hunt for a New Media buying podcast I used to listen to tier 11's Perpetual traffic when Molly Pitman was on it I also love smart marketer but to be honest right now I'm listening to a lot more General marketing or general growth style podcast and that really does help I'm also a huge fan of Nick sharma's limited Supply but again be sure to put these on your roster and let's just let each other know in the comments that there there's any other really good media buying ones specifically because I'm definitely on the hunt for one of those and then finally there is Twitter or X and listen I have been utilizing Twitter less as a Creator these days just cuz it's toxic as hell but I will say there are still a ton of great creators that are putting their stuff out on the platform and to be honest I still find that it's the most up toate on specific platform changes and it's still like the top place that I can go to Source information from people so what I've actually done is I've put a Twitter list of all my favorite follows there so that you guys can go and follow that and already follow everyone who really knows their stuff on that platform okay now let's talk about tools that you need to know as a media buyer or tools that are going to really help you as a media buyer because the reality is in 2025 you're not just going to be managing the ads you're also going to be utilizing tools to improve workflow creative analytics and of course data analysis and I also find that agencies and Brands really want people who already know how to utilize these platforms a little bit or at least know about them so the top ones that you're going to need to know about our motion for Creative analytics is actually where I do all of my creative reporting and they also have a ton of amazing free educational resources be sure to sign up for their newsletter be sure to look out for their free webinars they are incredibly valuable I'm also the chief advantel of motion this is a platform that I have believed in for a long long time if you have any questions about them please let me know I'm super happy to answer them in future videos next up is foreplay if you're ever wondering how people are saving tons of ads into swipe files they're generally using foreplay I used foreplay for years it is a really great platform and then of course there are the attribution softwares like triple whale northbeam rocket box there's a few others H Rose now if you were just starting off don't feel like you need to go and learn triple whale or North beam right away it's really really not necessary focus more on learning ads manager but it's a good idea to at least know these platforms and exactly how they help media buyers and then of course the final one is AI tools right I'd say again one of the biggest changes to happen to this industry over the last few years is the introduction and Adoption of AI so I'd say that if you are a media buyer that's trying to find a full-time job figure out your approach in relationship with AI how are you using chat gbt are you using CLA also understand the types of AI tools that media buyers are routinely using think of Arc ads think of even just AI optimizations that are on current pieces of software like canva like cap cut like Adobe Premiere Pro and the last thing that I want to talk about in this education section is what I like to call the three C's certification courses and communities now I'd actually say the communities as probably going to be your biggest Haack and the most important thing in contributing to your education as a media buyer you need to find other media buyers and yeah you can do that in the comment section of a YouTube video or even on Twitter but I'd say honestly the best ones are the ones that are a little bit more isolated and this is definitely something that's changed quite a bit since 2020 back in 2020 I was using a lot of private Slack communities and there are a few now like Nick sharma's limited Supply slack Community that's a great one but today I'm actually finding that there are a few communities that really move the needle like the Foxwell group is amazing it's one that I'm a part of but it does cost to become a part of that community and it's maybe not the best for people who are really Junior and are trying to get into the industry for those people I'd actually recommend finding a media buying group that is a little bit more local I've actually found that there are some Facebook groups that are really great like the Facebook ads Mastermind Philippine Group which is of course a little bit more local but if you can find that type of group and if you know that type of group be sure to let everyone know in the comments because those are the places that I find are actually the real hack to having great conversations meeting other media buyers and honestly getting those jobs and then as far as certifications do you need a Facebook ad blueprint certification or a Facebook ad certification not necessarily I got one once when this was over 5 years ago and I don't even see that that's really something that's super necessary in today's modern era um in terms of courses there's a lot of fluff out there but there are a number of courses and a number of groups um that are incredibly beneficial to Media buyers I know Nick theot has one that's really successful and his group is really tighten it so if you can find things like that that's something that I'd absolutely prioritize candid over certifications or courses but a lot of these people have courses too which again if you're trying to cut down on time can be a really great move now let's talk about how to get experience because here's the thing unfortunately no one's going to hire you fulltime unless you have experience as a media buyer I know this really feels like a catch22 it sucks but it's the reality however if you're lucky you can learn on the job maybe you already have a marketing job that has media buyers on staff and you can learn from them but unfortunately most people myself included needed to figure out a way to build up that experience before actually getting that full-time job so in this section I'm going to show you how to get those first gigs where to find those opportunities and how to prepare even more so that you stand out let's attack the big elephant in the room how do you get those first pieces of hands-on experience even if it's small so here's how I would get started number one you can begin to freelance so you can offer to run ads for small businesses local brands or even friends that are entrepreneurs and I know you're hearing this one and you're probably rolling your eyes and you're just like yeah like if I had new people where I could run ads I would have already done it but to be honest you don't know until you ask one of the big lessons that I had when I was trying to get those first pieces of experience was I actually had someone ask me hey like what are you looking to do and I was like oh you know I'm looking to become a media buyer but I'm having a hard time finding opportunities to build up more experience and they were like oh I know someone and to be honest like most people aren't going to come out and ask like what you want so what I would actually start doing is start by telling people in your immediate Network start telling your family members start telling your closest friends hey this is what I'm really interested in doing and if they know someone like a small business like an entrepreneur who wants help running their ads then that might be the first place where you get that piece of experience don't discount it because it's someone you know for me it was someone that I knew that was able to connect me with people to get those first pieces of experiences for instance I just had an ex-boyfriend reach out to me who's in a band and he was like hey do you think you could help me run this Facebook ad and I was like no but when I was thinking about it I was like man this would be a great opportunity for like a really New Media buyer who needs some experience on the platform okay number two volunteer or internships I know this is another one where many of you are going to be like H I don't want to volunteer I don't want an internship I want to get paid I hear you and I don't really suggest working for free in general but I'd say hey reaching out to your favorite creators people that you really admire and seeing if there's any way that you can Shadow them for a short period of time you know for a month for a quarter to really build up that experience can make the difference between you getting that full-time job or not it's honestly a really great way to get your foot in the door and to be honest I have a lot of you actually reaching out to me all the time and I always know that the ones that are super serious about getting that experience are the ones candidly that offer up to do it for free and candly if I was hiring I wouldn't take it for free I'd always pay people a little bit of something but I always know that they're going to work extra hard and they're going to really be in it for the right reasons if they're willing to do it um for free candidly also there are programs like Common Thread collectives accelerator program that actually trains people up on media buying and I think that a lot more of these programs are going to start popping up but I think that Common Thread Collective is really doing it the best right now and is absolutely worth a look for anyone who's eager to become a media buyer now where are you most likely to find Opportunities now I find that the most reliable places to look for these types of gigs are going to be LinkedIn Twitter X and Facebook groups but the most reliable ones are going to be a part of those more private communities so think the Facebook ads Mastermind Philippines group or even the Utopia group in case you haven't noticed it's really about who you know this this is actually a great part of the video to hit pause and if there's someone in this industry that you really admire you should slide into their DMS right now on Instagram or Twitter or something go ahead I'll wait now what do you need to prepare for these types of opportunities right the first thing I do is Begin by building your portfolio so if you do have experience I would write down small case studies even if it's just a paragraph with some screenshots it doesn't have to be highly designed by any means detailing what type of experience you've had in this industry and if you haven't had any type of experience media buying just yet but you have had some in SEO or email marketing write those up those things can often be great transferable skills but if you do have a little bit of media buying experience I would actually detail one to two campaigns or results that you've had in depth most importantly highlighting the type of results that you were able to achieve I also think making a website is wildly wildly helpful for getting people to get to know you better and get to know your Vibe and what you're about and why you're doing this a simple one-page portfolio site can go a long way in establishing a little bit of credibility so use it to share your work tell your story and make it easy for people to contact you also get active on social media I know it's a little bit of an eye roll but starting conversations with some of the people that you see on LinkedIn and Twitter can go a long way for just people starting to recognize your name I would highly recommend that at least weekly to share your thoughts on media buying connect with others and you know even asking about potential gigs out there consistency here really goes a long way in showing that you're invested in the industry and honestly those are the only types of people that Brands and agencies want to hire now let's talk about how I started my career and how you can get that first fulltime job as a media buyer after you've gotten some experience of course so how I started my career right not many people know this but I actually started off my career as a humanitarian so I graduated from college with a degree in creative writing but I got my first job in West Africa where I actually worked for NOS that led me to my next role which was a fellowship where I worked in India for a year and as you can see these two roles had absolutely nothing to do with marketing interesting right after India I ended up moving to Egypt where I worked for a research firm that specialized in doing program evaluations in Somalia and South Sudan and it was actually within the first 6 months of this role that I just realized this industry really wasn't for me as a young person I had a really altruistic notion of helping people and being a force of good in the world but to be honest I realized that a lot of these programs in this industry was really fraught with things that I wasn't going to solve so I decided to totally change Industries and I was like well you know what um maybe I can help tell more of these stories maybe I can become a journalist cuz I loved writing so I actually ended up walking into the biggest English-speaking newspaper in Cairo at the time mof for networks and the CEO took one look at me and was like you should work for our social media agency I was thrilled to have a job so I said yes but I realized that I really loved it but I ended up developing campaigns for fine dining restaurants in malls I even helped launch Mall of Egypt and I realized hey I actually really love this IND and I think I could kill it back in New York where I had went to University and it's so interesting cuz when I went back to New York I ended up getting a job for a p firm that I got fired from after just a few months I really really sucked at PR which initially I felt like a huge failure and I was like oh my God like maybe I'm not meant for marketing maybe I'm not meant for marketing in New York turns out PR just really sucks let me know if you agree but I ended up having a really really hard time finding something El so I was unemployed for a while but I ended up meeting an entrepreneur in Brooklyn who wanted me to come on to his team to help build a sales team and eventually help run Facebook ads which was actually my first time on the platform long story short that startup failed very sad but it gave me this really great important piece of experience but when I ended up taking that experience to agencies into Brands they felt like I didn't have enough experience media buying so it actually took me a long time to find a role after that I ended up taking a role as a general marketer at a travel startup which ended up being mostly email but when I was doing that I was able to alongside start freelancing for media buying clients and after I did that for a year I was finally able to find a full-time role as a media buyer now I did two big things that I think really set me up to get the full-time role number one I started a master document where I essenti used it as a journal to help track all of the major learnings that I had especially ones that had to do with marketing specifically media buying and I started to become really methodical about what I thought I needed to know to get ahead in this industry so when I would do interviews with people I'd really pay attention to the type of questions and the type of experience they wanted me to have and I essentially built a plan to get that experience based on that feedback and number two I started a marketing blog which I think is so funny now all these years later cuz I'm doing YouTube and it's kind of a similar thing but essentially in this marketing blog I would go through startups and Brands user funnels so I would go through their Facebook ads I would go through their emails I would go through their websites and I would essentially do these tear downs and what's interesting is people always referred to it in interviews and honestly this was not some genius work this was like really junior level insights but it really showed the people that I was interviewing with that I really loved this industry and I was really willing to do these things in my spare time to get better and become more of an expert in it again it's more of that mind shift change now let's talk a little bit more tactical right resume keep it simple should you have a LinkedIn yes should you also have a resume also yes some Brands and agencies are simply going to prefer one or the other and this is the resume that ended up getting me my full-time job at as a media buyer and I know that cover letters aren't really that big of a deal anymore in 2025 but I really do believe in a warm opening to a recruiter to someone who works in HR to a startup founder and I found that these were the emails and these were the messages that I sent that almost always got replies from people I think the thing that's really important about this is you're mentioning where you saw that they were looking for someone you can even say hey you might not be looking for someone but I am interesting to know if you are and then I would really quickly list out in a bullet point fashion hey here's like a few things that you can know about me of course I would name that first piece of experience in the first bullet and then I would talk about what type of experience I had and the final bullet point I would essentially talk about what I'm looking for and then I would mention why I'm interested in them specifically is it because they're in a specific industry is it because you noticed a post that the founder made make it something that's a lot more intimate than than just something that you're going to spray and prey in the DMS honestly anytime I see something that's like very clearly copy and paste I not only delete it I tend to block those people just a fact another really important thing that I would do is I would go ahead and copy and paste some of the results that I had had from some of my gigs or my other pieces of experience so that they didn't have to ask for it this is something that no one does and if you have a little bit of that experience even if you think that it's not that big and important like I was talking about $1,000 budgets anything here I think is enough to get people to notice and then finally where to apply I honestly think the best places for media buyers to work initially is at agencies because you're going to be able to see so many different clients and different approaches and if you are testing an ad strategy you can also test out similar strategies across a wider book of businesses so that you're just able to get so much more experience and cont text for what works and what doesn't and it's a lot of that context actually that just makes you a lot more of a confident media buyer in general I find that all of the best media buyers at some point had a stint at an agency and the best places to initially get those agency jobs are at smaller agencies in fact my first full-time media buying job was for a really small boutique agency and then I ended up working for one that was quite a big bigger and even went on to have an acquisition to an even bigger agency so these things can really snowball it really is just about getting that first gig and I'd say the smaller agencies are where you can really make a bigger impact and I just like really wouldn't exchange that experience for the entire world here's the thing that everyone's curious about right how to make six figures as a media buyer so whether you're just starting off or you're starting to gain that experience it might seem a little bit unattainable but honestly things can really snowball quite quickly in this industry and it's super achievable with the right strategy so in this section I'm going to break it down into three parts number one how I made six figures number two the easiest way to make six figures as a media buyer and three how to build Wealth Beyond just being a media buyer let's dive in so how I made six figures right now when I first started media buying I did not have a clear plan for doing this in fact I didn't really think it was going to be super possible for me especially right out of the gate but within one year of me getting my first full-time role I was making six figures so here's what worked for me number one I ended up combining my freelance work with my full-time job so when I finally got that first full-time role as a media buyer I ended up keeping my Consulting clients and after a while yes I did make six figures with this but I'm not going to lie it was brutal it ended up taking a ton of my time I routinely worked 16-hour days so to be honest that didn't last forever for me now the second thing that I did that ended up working way more longterm and led me to actually get six figure roles was creating my personal brand now I know that I told you guys that I started a marketing blog to get that first full-time job but to be honest after I got that first fulltime role I pretty much stopped doing that however after working for the agency for one year that's when I started posting on YouTube and started doing a little bit more short form content and this is really where things began to spiral for me and don't worry I'm not going to chill out some kind of Cory icky Spiel on how you have to have a big personal brand and be exactly like me to be honest even just sharing a few morsels of your point of view or even a few case studies can really move the needle and standing out for some of these jobs however what I will say about this YouTube channel within the first 6 months of me having it so you can actually go back and look at my first 60 or so videos which were awful by the way this ended up leading me to getting a job that doubled my salary overnight I essentially went from having a job that paid me 75k per year to 145k which was lifechanging now let's talk about the easiest way to make six figures right because I think that for a lot of people they don't want to you know they're worrying about becoming a media buyer they don't also want to worry about becoming a YouTuber or starting their personal brand it is worth it but I think there is easier ways to do this and I will say that freelancing and stacking your clients is going to be the number one easiest way to getting to that six figure Mark especially if you're able to combine that with a full-time raw the reality is is that managing three to five clients that you charge two to three grand per month will easily put you in the six figure category and I know when you start freelancing you're probably going to be charging hourly I definitely charged hourly I think that when I first started media buying gigs my hourly rate was anywhere between $50 an hour to 75 to1 and now I'm charging $1,000 to get on a call with me for 1 hour so that's really how quickly these things can spiral but where you want to start pushing clients especially after you develop a longer term relationship with them is pushing them more into retainers right so instead of pushing clients for one-off services or having that hourly rate try to lock them in for a bigger engagement this will give you more predictable income and save you a lot of time trying trying to chase down more clients also ask for those referrals okay so say you start gaining experience as a media buyer and then you get a full-time job and that leads to you making six figures I hate to inform you but once you reach that it's not like you get a big gold star or check mark and you're just done what you're going to realize the more success that you get is honestly the more success that you want so how can you carry this momentum and truly grow wealth and a life outside of your wildest imagination because to be honest being a media buyer at a brand or agency is not going to actually grow your wealth you're never going to make that kind of big multiple six figures type of money working for someone else so you have a few choices and maybe they're obvious but I think it's worth considering number one you can start an agency or you can start a brand and it's interesting I've had a ton of people ask me over the years Dar why don't you start your own agency and to be honest I consider it like once or twice a year and ultimately the reason why I haven't is because I worked at a lot of agencies and I'm not personally lit up by that type of business to be candid it doesn't really speak to my core but what does is the prospect of founding a e-commerce brand again this is something that I did a number of years ago when I first came back to the US and after I lost my job and I met an entrepreneur in Brooklyn you know I was able to join his founding team and this is something that I desperately want to do again and this is absolutely something that's going to be coming for me within the next year or two so keep your eyes peeled on this channel And subscribe if you want to follow that Journey now the second thing that you can do and this is probably going to come with either starting up your own agency or founding your own brand is growing your personal brand now I think someone that does this exceptionally well is Nick theot you know he has a course he has an inner circle community that people really love and he's also really transparent about his numbers and about his experience in a way that I really admire and another thing that I I'll just say that I really like about Nick is you know he's not gatekeeping even with me like sometimes we'll DM each other and you know he's given me great fabulous advice before like on on my channel on my business on my personal brand and that's just like a Hallmark of a good dude you know so like I guess you know build up your personal brand look at Nick but also just like be a good dude and like good things will happen to you like yeah but growing your personal brand will open up a magnitude of opportunities like it's so interesting like when I look at my own like job right now it's like you know I'm a part Creator I'm a part marketing consultant where I consult brands on their growth on their media buying on their creative strategy but also Chief evangelist at motion but as a result of all that I'm having a ton of opportunities whether or not it's YouTube sponsorships with big brands or it's collaborating with meta on a webinar There is almost no downside to starting your own personal brand except for time cringe mountain and you know doing things that are uncomfortable but building your personal brand if you commit to it will almost always res result in a better life than if you hadn't done it and the third one that I want to talk about is a way to grow wealth is one that I I actually don't see a lot of people talking about but it's how people grow wealth that are really rich right they invest now I think a really good example of this is Barry hot who was my old boss he's been a mentor of mine really really great person in this industry that you absolutely need to follow he is an investor coowner in an agency called atrate so if you like me are a little nervous about starting an agency but you want to be able to contribute and you know dedicate a portion of your time being able to invest and potentially reap the rewards from an acquisition or from you know a business growing lots and lots that is another thing that you can potentially look at I know that some people also acquire Brands to then grow themselves and this is something that I see a lot more agenty owners doing now but you know it's really these three tracks that I see people really beginning to have true wealth and it's something that I thought I would share cuz regardless of really where you're at in this process I think that knowing what's possible can really help determine your overall strategy and it can really help um light the pathway of what's coming next I think you know I I don't have any regrets about the path that I took but what I will say is that I was really ignorant about what was possible and I think that that if I could have known um I could have gotten here way way quicker which is ultimately why I wanted to make this video for you guys and honestly just see as many people go through it and watch as much of it as possible so that more people can have this great amazing experience that is readily available I've had a number of people ask me hey are you nervous about more people getting on YouTube are you nervous about more media buyers more creative strategist and the answer is always no CU I really do think that the more people who come into this industry are really passionate and really know their stuff it honestly just elevates the industry and it also elevates my work um and it's something that I'm really passionate about doing so if you made it this part of the video send me a DM jeez I'll get on a call for you with you guys because uh that's that's incredible I know this is a pretty long one but if this video helped you please like And subscribe it really helps me out a ton I need to hit 100K 20125 guys come on help me out here um and please check the description for all those amazing free resources that I mentioned and I will see you guys next week love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellimumphrey1675 [6 likes]: Here in 2026...Trying something new and will test out on my own business once I have the skills🎉. This is my 1st video watched on Media Buying and it was EXTREMELY INFORMATIVE! Thanks 🎉
  2. @MichaelAyo-j5m [2 likes]: I am interested in becoming a media buyer. I would like to connect with people interested or have communities I can learn more about media buying.
  3. @ib3420 [2 likes]: In 2026 i think im the only one who’s doing the job of all types of media buyers at once , that’s great 😁
  4. @soumayabfr756 [1 likes]: Si vous êtes comme moi, en train de vous former pour devenir media buyer, faites moi signe ;)
  5. @danielbusayo6888 [1 likes]: Trying to become a media buyer in 2026, this video is great and has motivated me more. But i need courses where I can learn step by step the process and mentorship. Also i’m willing to work and learn on the job
  6. @ArianaQuesada-c2m [1 likes]: I think this video might be too dense for someone like me...but I can appreciate the time and effort it took to create this resource. Many of the topics you are walking-through just don't connect to anything I know or understand. Feels like all of this goes over my head. Isn't the goal of a media buyer to 5X the profit an ad can make?
  7. @BiancacamilleJumawan: this is very helpful!
  8. @joyjohny5271: verry informative thanks for the vieo
  9. @musicluver855: From Motion Bootcamp 2026! Excited!!!! Thank you, Dara, for this video and your journey and realness!
Sincerely. I am going to try my best to implement it!
  10. @TimAlwell: Tons of value, thanks Dara! Your videos have helped me get clear on the pathway forward for my career, wanting to level up from copywriter to media buyer then creative strategist.
  11. @joangalvan164: Hi Daney if I can be your intern that would really be great :)
  12. @JohnKarlModoc: bobo
  13. @LilianMaina-b8o: I would like to learn as a beginner  is this  possible 😢?
  14. @Cece-fr7bp: Love this Dara. Thank you. I have such a clear definition of the path I am going to take. Thank you truly
  15. @ritaudoh_: Really nice video...just starting and and honestly I don't really know what I'm doing but I'll figure it all out along the way
  16. @ChiomaMadubuike: I am just starting out learning media buying, I appreciate the guidance you provided in this video. ❤
  17. @BezRengifo: Great video :-)  Saw you on the webinar with Motion today!
  18. @SidM-c4r: Hi @dara I would love to work under you. Carry a good amt experience.
Would love to work for you and also grow myself
  19. @danielolorunfemi001: Which is recommended for a beginner 

Niching down to running ads for a specific industry or Running generally for all businesses
  20. @inessever2752: That's a really great video! I bought a course on media buying but I see that there is a loot more to learn and for me it is very interesting. Right now I'm at the stage where I need to get hands-on experience in this field and not gonna lie a lil bit tough - but let's be honest every start is hard and you just need to be consistent and not give up and you will succeed eventually. So for anyone starting out - good luck!

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @Gururajmahale: Your Video optimisation is so strong. Can you give me some tips or videos
  3. @abelluizramos2001: man the trends are changing fast
  4. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is super relevant for my plans
  5. @musaknowledgendlovu5391: didn't think about it like that before
  6. @aurhanabbasi: when you said brands need to show up inside the ai tools themselves… ok but what’s the first thing to fix on a site? schema? internal linking? i ran myGEOscore once and got overwhelmed.
  7. @AnujGamer-v6s: love how you break it down so easy
  8. @Flim_izletv: these trends are wild, gotta keep up with them
  9. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: ai slop problem is so real. half the posts i see read like warmed-over prompts. curious if Wisewand actually keeps stuff from sounding like that, or if it’s just better polishing.
  10. @SunnyVarma-y19s: didn't realize how fast things are changing
  11. @kilipul09: gotta start thinking ahead, thanks for the insights
  12. @rashmishah1736: this is super helpful for planning my 2026 stuff
  13. @fukrey_boys-pk: wow this is eye opening for 2026
  14. @NewNigeriaTV-g2z: def gonna shift my strategy after this
  15. @rajrawat1125: Search Everywhere Optimization is the part that hit. I’ve been stuck thinking “rank on Google” forever, but my buyers are literally searching inside eBay. Baypoint AI kinda fits that shift.
  16. @MosesTalkmoreMandizvidza: never thought of marketing like this tbh
  17. @26.umikhabibah64: the ai part blew my mind lol
  18. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  19. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  20. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different

- Top 5 Benefits of Qualifying UGC NET | NET JRF with Aditi Mam | JRFAdda: Kind: captions Language: en Today I am going to tell you about the five major benefits of qualifying the UGC NET examination. The biggest benefit is that you can become eligible for one of the biggest jobs in our country, that of an Assistant Professor. Your interview will take place after this and you all can now access a salary of up to Rs 1 lakh per month by becoming an Assistant Professor. Plus, the timings are very convenient, you are free at 3:00 in the day, after that you can do something else also. The second important benefit that you all get here is that you can become an author yourself, you get a doctor's degree here. If you qualify JRF, then the third major benefit is that you get Skype every month. You get Rs 37,000 per month for studying for three years, after that you will get Rs 42,000 per month if you succeed. Apart from this, if I were to tell you the fourth biggest benefit here, then after qualifying the UGC NET, you can get a job in any university, be it government, private or semi- government. Whatever it is, all of you could be eligible for the post of Research Assistant or Teaching Assistant, where you get very good knowledge, you also get a lot of bonus here and there is such a job through which your reputation and everything gets improved. Apart from this, another important benefit which I am going to tell you here is that whenever you are currently working in any company, whether it is corporate sector, PSU sector or any private college, your chances of promotion increase. If you qualify UGC NET, you can get around 100% increase in your salary. For example, if you were working for Rs. 25,000 per month, if you qualify NET, then that salary can increase up to Rs. 50,000, depending on your choice. College to college, city to city, so there are some benefits for all of you which I have told you after qualifying NET. So if I tell you guys, it's not just that after qualifying NET you only have to prepare for HD entrance or do something else. I am telling you what all the jobs entail. Apart from this, I have also made a detailed video on this, that when doing UGC NET does not seem true or false, all these thumbnails must be in front of you guys, the link is also given in the description, I have also posted in the comment section, please do watch it and think again whether there are really benefits of doing UGC NET examination. Good lock. Apart from this, I want to tell all of you that right now we have all the experience of those who have qualified UGC NET, the NCC exam is in everyone. For the December exam, we have brought Early Bird for all of you kids. If you haven't joined it yet, then join it as soon as possible. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jrfadda [16 likes]: UGC NET Career Opportunities: https://youtu.be/qQWEkowbMlo
  2. @manishkumar.official8643 [2 likes]: मैं यह बताइए नेट क्वालीफाई करने के बाद अगर किसी यूनिवर्सिटी द्वारा अगर अप्रूवल कराया जाता है किसी प्राइवेट डिग्री कॉलेज में पढ़ाने के लिए
  3. @ushakoyilasupriya [2 likes]: mam please provide one session on after qualifing jrf and net what are the cooperative jobs like psu are available , which are best , please guide this mam
  4. @Lalitverma91 [2 likes]: you are so cute...🥰
  5. @Gursevakmehra-p2g [1 likes]: Janakari dene k liye tnx MEM🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  6. @niti111_ [1 likes]: Thank you ma'am,❤❤
  7. @DeeppannuPannudeep [1 likes]: ❤❤👍👍🙏
  8. @POOJASINGH-oy8cc [1 likes]: Mam i want to one information..i am qualified UGC NET and jrf..and also teach in law cllg..now what is a scope in future..nd now what I do
  9. @manishkumar.official8643 [1 likes]: क्या बिना नेट क्वालीफाई किए दूसरे के नेट क्वालीफाई सर्टिफिकेट से अप्रूवल कराया जा सकता है use बिना जानकारी दिए हुए।
  10. @PreetiPGTPoliticalScience [1 likes]: Nice
  11. @srdgreducationtrust.3432 [1 likes]: Assistant professor ke liye age limit par ek complete video banaiye....
  12. @VishalGupta-du6uj: I qualified ugc net computer science assistant Professor with 95.3 Percentile
  13. @Gursevakmehra-p2g: Border se pernam MEM🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  14. @Hindieducation2325: Mam ugc net clear hone ke baad interview  hota h ?
  15. @DilipSwain-h3r: Ssb.exam.qulifi.job.posting.mane.ugc.net.qulifi.students..direct.posting.job
  16. @anandanr8655: Tamil
  17. @virendrabaricreations5847: IGNOU se pg kar ke UGC NET qualify kar ke  kya mujhe same facility milega..jeise  regular PG kar ke UGC NET qualify bala ko milta hai...... Answer plz Ma'm....
  18. @vaishnavigupta6858: Mam net jrf qualify krne ke baad agar phd me admission nhi lete hai to kya scholarship milegi sirf qualify krne pr??
  19. @sonuCRF: Ja sakte hai nahi ho jane chahiye

Hidgi barbad karne ka keya fayeda😂
  20. @RishiRaj-kp4kg: ❤❤

- Luxo Living Brand Video: Affordable Luxury Furniture: Kind: captions Language: en This is how you live in affordable luxury with Luxo living. Hey, you're back already. Is there something wrong? Uh, made a few changes while you were gone, right? You know what? Come take a look. We're leaving Lux now, huh? Lux. I thought we were on a budget. Check it. New sofa. New everything. And it's velvet, babe. Velvet. And the dining area. Yeah. Warehouse feasts. And the bedroom. We got a whole new bed frame. Extra comfy. Perfect for resting. Right. Resting. Check out the office. Fenue. Looks fire on Zoom calls. And nothing but PJs on the bottom. Okay. Plenty moves. Our backyard is this spot. New set for barbecues and having a gang around. But James, real talk, how did we afford all this? Got smart with shopping. Lux for less, babe. You know, I was thinking we could use a sauna. Get luxury for less. Shop Luxo living online today. [Music]

- Pro Designer Creates a Modern Living Room Perfect For Hosting | Re:Design | Architectural Digest: Kind: captions Language: en-US - At this point, I'm just waxing poetically about drinks and low slung sofas. Hi, I'm Darren Jett. I'm an interior designer, and I am going to show you how to turn your living room into a conversation pit. [upbeat music] [gentle music] So this is Matt and Rhys, and this is their apartment. Their apartment is already so gorgeous, but it's just not as functional as they'd like it to be. All the furniture is just a bit too heavy, it's a bit too bulky. It doesn't give the impression of someone who is really hosting a lot of really cool people, listening to really good music and staying up way too late. Currently, there's only four to five seats. You can get maybe one, two, maybe three people on the sofa, and you get two in these chairs over here. It's not a lot of space. If they have a dinner party of 12 people and maybe other people show up afterwards, suddenly everyone's sitting around on the floor. So what I'd like to do is to solve for that. [paper tearing] One issue is that the seating is too formal, so I'm going to make it more casual. Instead of just simply rearranging the furniture, which granted, would be the easiest thing to do, it wouldn't really give us what we're trying to achieve. We could, for instance, start to have the seating do something like this, where suddenly the living room really becomes much more about conversation, but we just don't have enough seats yet. We're going to repurpose the furniture elsewhere. We're going to end up with a blank slate. [pen scratching] Boom, boom, boom. The plant stays, the plants always stay, always. So we really want to have more seating. We really want to create this sort of conversation pit, sunken living room. A sunken living room is this very dedicated arrangement of nothing but seating. All that really happens here is conversation. It's talking, it's hanging out. You're not really necessarily watching the game or watching TV. Very 70s, very loose, very hedonistic. In a house you can certainly dig in to create a sunken living room. Matt and Rhys live in a historic townhouse, they can't dig in, because we can't technically create a sunken living room, what we want to do is create, instead, very defined lines that allude to entering a separate world within a world. We would have a modular seating on the left and modular seating on the right. This could easily fit 10, 12 people. What we're going to do is actually have everything be very low-slung. If you have furniture that's quite low to the ground, you're automatically extremely relaxed. You're leaning back, you're sort of stretched out. You're very, very comfortable and it's very casual. Let's get into how dark this apartment is. Right now, the lighting is not ideal. Lighting is so paramount for me. I am a freak about lighting. I'm a freak about looking good and also my guest feeling like they're looking good. If you have a living room and everyone's sitting down quite low, why not have a pendant that hangs all the way down so that when you are sitting down, everything feels very dramatic. I see sconces that offset the window to the right. Should also talk about uplighting. Uplighting is a tool that's used often in restaurants, hotels, lobbies, places that are meant for gathering, for entertaining. Uplighting is very important in a space that has a sort of low-slung vibe. Uplighting would go behind the sofas as well, on their own switch. All of these things create an atmosphere that is perfect. Currently, the design is not very cohesive. Pretty recently, Matt moved in and they find themselves living in Rhys' apartment, so it's really time to bring their styles together and have a living room that really speaks both of their languages. These guys are very busy people and they really want to space that whenever they come into it, it feels very calm and very relaxing. I think that if we approach the design from a very minimalistic aesthetic, but influence it with some Japanese references, we might arrive at something that makes everyone very happy. Think about seating on it to tatami mat. Suddenly you take something that feels, in a sketch, very 70s, but you add natural materials and it completely transports it to a different place. The blinds are a bit too heavy, they're a bit too dark. What I'd really like to do is to create this sort of Japanese lantern effect. Imagine if we have a Roman shade made out of a very thin papery linen that comes down. In the daytime, the whole room would glow, and at nighttime it would be reflecting the light that's inside. To keep the place from feeling at all too cold, I would like to keep on thinking about all of the wood that is currently in the house. Right now, all of the window frames are this beautiful stripped wood. I would imagine that this trim molding up here on the ceiling looks exactly like this underneath all these layers of paint. If we can strip all this away, it would be a big benefit to the project. It would make the space feel so much warmer, and it would also really hit home the fact that these guys have a beautiful living room with beautiful details are original, and it's further contrast to what we're creating down below. This final render, I'm walking into Matt and Rhys' new living room. I see in front of me the most beautifully lit space. I see a low-slung sofa that really acts as a conversation pit, a low coffee table with a pendant that hangs delicately above it. The overall energy and vibe of the room is very warm, it's very clean, it's very minimal, but overall, it's extremely warm, it's very comfortable. It's a place that I really want to hang around and stay in for a while. And that is Matt and Rhys' redesign. Do you want advice on your space? Submit in the description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SchadenfreudeFreund [1 likes]: Love me some DARREN❤❤❤❤❤
  2. @sophien5416 [1 likes]: My jaw literally dropped. Darren is the GOAT. 🐐 ❤️ 🎉
  3. @mwoz14222: I enjoy the aesthetic but not the use of the overall space. you basically overtake every sq in with that sofa. id rather add some seating in various spots so that if the client decides to pivot, they can rearrange the space and dont feel stuck. I'm one of those karma decor nuts who believe in changing the space and changing the energy. with that massive modular sofa, you are pretty much stuck with that ONE arrangement. doesn't allow the space to mature along with its owners. eventually they won't want to have tons of people over and they won't be able to transition that without a LARGE overhaul.
  4. @awakenwithyen: how can I submit advise to Jett on my living space in nyc?
  5. @GreenPasturesFinancl: Darren makes  a space alive with style and pop ♦️
  6. @belletotheeve: Darren is my favorite designer on this series! I love his style and the way he explains things.
  7. @gigimc: another brilliant one for Darren! 

For a future episode I would love to see a pied a terre studio redesign with a great walk-in closet and loft bed
  8. @IrinaFilotti: amazing
  9. @DiMcGee: Ridiculous and totally unrealistic with the 'after' the room scaled as a mansion-- and modular blocks, all hard edges, completely opposite the lounging feel he describes. This is very weird.
  10. @juancarloshernandeztorres3151: I love this guy's designs, but in this case It's too 70's for me, there's also some sort of art Deco vibe that I would avoid. Perhaps if the color of the sofas changed it wouldn't look so vintage, Even when that was his intention though.
  11. @Bacciagalupe: :)
  12. @sameddogandemir2317: I really liked your design tips thanks a lot
  13. @thomasbowers1210: Uplighting is also great when you have tall ceilings!
  14. @donnasalvador678: This is so beautiful. I wish I could have a space like that. I’m an artist and recently moved into a very small apartment. I don’t have any furniture in the living room except for an art table. My living room has to serve as my studio but I would still like it to be inviting and comfortable for guests. I paint on very large canvases and I sculpt with large rocks and cement. I’ve been searching for a a studio/living room design inspiration for a very long time, years in fact but I haven’t found anything that is actually doable for me. If I had thousands to spend, of course I could easily make it amazing but I don’t have much money. I’m hoping to find pieces at a thrift store I can transform. 
I doubt you’ll see this comment and decide to help but I’m living my dream as a full time artist, so I might as well dream all the way. I’ve been watching you design spaces on this channel and you are by far my favorite designer.
  15. @badworld02: I like this except that those sofa are just way too big, too far apart, no chance to rest the back while sitting...maybe a little less bigger sofa and a little closer together so there is no need to yell while talking haahaa...and finally, maybe a little lighter color and not green for me
  16. @Matt202DC: like it. but lets be real the room is way smaller than the final design
  17. @kathlenewang539: Hi! I just love your thoughtful aesthetic. I have a space that I'd Love your input on. It's a living room in an open plan space that has a side yard adjacent. My husband and I can't agree on what to do. It would be so very nice to have your input. Thank you <3
  18. @Humanitywaking: Their older relatives won’t be able to get out their chairs . Or if one of them has an injury, or a pregnant lady 🤰.
  19. @edwardhamm5535: Dude, they live in the city. No window shades are not needed. If their neighbors are voyuers, its there problem.
  20. @isabellyoliveirax: perfect!

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [15 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @NamesDemeanUsBoth: Overly volumous musical accompaniment combined with your videographic presentation semaphores insecurity and uncertainty old chap.
  3. @russianhomecat: If you can afford it, you don’t crave it. “Luxury” only exists for poor. For the rich all these items just a commodity 😂.
  4. @LethalBubbles: scarcity is half empty thinking. scarcity is thinking about what others dont have. the half full way to think about it is status symbols. what does it say about you. the value of luxury isn't other people not having it. it is about you being the ohe that does. at that point it doesn't really matter what it is. luxury items are not a scam. Rolex can do many things Invicta can't, and thus is worth the price difference. But the function telling time is not one of those things.
  5. @PattersonTweed: I’ve never owned a luxury item but the understanding of the appeal is so interesting… sell it by the yard…
  6. @dreamcatcher75418: Not everyone is going to fall for a $600 boring white blouse. 🙄
  7. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  8. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  9. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  10. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  11. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  12. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  13. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  14. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  15. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  16. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  17. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.
  18. @acrometic-vs4ze: Working on HVAC-R field experience in installation, Maintenance, services, repairs and console, nice to have from your websites.
  19. @kaizerbrand8054: Its quite an eye opener.
Thank you
Kaizer - New Delhi
  20. @morriganfey6079: I hate the "affordable luxury" idea because they seem to use it to sell you on more sub-quality items than the effective off-brands.  

If you want cheap, buy cheap.  If you want quality, spend for quality.  Idk where "luxury" comes into that because I don't much look for it anyway.

- How to Master LinkedIn Ads for your Business? (Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en Every time I refresh LinkedIn, my feed is&nbsp; flooded with new content. That's not surprising&nbsp;&nbsp; considering there are now 1.2 billion users&nbsp; contributing around 2 million posts, articles,&nbsp;&nbsp; and videos to the platform each day. Compare&nbsp; that traffic to platforms like Google Search&nbsp;&nbsp; and Facebook. And LinkedIn clearly doesn't reach&nbsp; as many eyeballs. But look at this. The cost per&nbsp;&nbsp; click of LinkedIn ads is significantly higher.&nbsp; Why pay more for less? Well, ads perform really&nbsp;&nbsp; well on LinkedIn. Marketers report conversion&nbsp; rates two times higher on LinkedIn than other&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms. So even though you're spending more on&nbsp; each ad, you can generally expect a lower customer&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition cost. But still, if you are investing&nbsp; more, you want to be sure your ads connect,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So the question is, what's the secret to&nbsp; reaching and converting leads on LinkedIn? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I spent the last few weeks looking at brands&nbsp; that are absolutely crushing it on LinkedIn. I've&nbsp;&nbsp; deconstructed their profiles, their campaigns, and&nbsp; I think I figured out what some of their secrets&nbsp;&nbsp; are. So, let's look at what the best brands are&nbsp; doing so you can figure out how to apply that to&nbsp;&nbsp; your own marketing efforts. Before I do, HubSpot&nbsp; offers what I think is a pretty great playbook for&nbsp;&nbsp; LinkedIn ads. So, if it's your first time running&nbsp; a campaign, or maybe you've tried and failed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the past, I highly recommend checking out the link&nbsp; below to download this guide. At the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; of my research for this video, I looked at the 50&nbsp; most followed brands on LinkedIn and it was clear&nbsp;&nbsp; that no one begins with ads. It's all about the&nbsp; company page. Optimize this and you can increase&nbsp;&nbsp; weekly views by 30% according to LinkedIn. The&nbsp; best brands all do the following. Number one,&nbsp;&nbsp; a fully built profile. Let's take a look at one&nbsp; of my favorites, Notion, and see exactly how they&nbsp;&nbsp; built out their LinkedIn page. To start, take a&nbsp; look at the cohesive and clear branding. Without&nbsp;&nbsp; reading anything, we already have a feel for&nbsp; who Notion is. And the positioning segment here,&nbsp;&nbsp; it tells us what kind of company Notion is and&nbsp; how it benefits customers. Go to the about and&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll see the basics are there. But what I love&nbsp; most about this profile is how they've made use&nbsp;&nbsp; of other pages, especially the product page.&nbsp; Seriously, there are so many built-in features&nbsp;&nbsp; that LinkedIn offers. From connecting with other&nbsp; customers to showcasing top rated features,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the information here practically mirrors&nbsp; what a potential customer might find on Notion's&nbsp;&nbsp; website. And that's very intentional. Think about&nbsp; it. Your customer might never make it to your&nbsp;&nbsp; website, so why not give them the information on&nbsp; LinkedIn? Once your company page is built out,&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on engaging your audience organically. Which&nbsp; brings me to point number two, organic engagement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Notion has had a lot of success here, too. Almost&nbsp; every employee uses a notion branded illustration&nbsp;&nbsp; as their profile photo. It's adorable. It's also&nbsp; a simple way to tie individual thought leadership&nbsp;&nbsp; back to the brand. And in 2024, Notion took this&nbsp; one step further by inviting its community to&nbsp;&nbsp; transform their LinkedIn profile photos into their&nbsp; own Notion themed illustrations. The campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; generated 11,000 reactions within 24 hours of&nbsp; the launch without any paid media, and it was&nbsp;&nbsp; a clever way to allow people to share their love&nbsp; and enthusiasm for the brand. The point is, there&nbsp;&nbsp; are lots of ways to engage customers organically,&nbsp; and it's important to explore your brand voice to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what resonates with your audience and what&nbsp; doesn't before switching to paid media. Why pay&nbsp;&nbsp; for things when you don't even know if they work?&nbsp; Which leads to my final insight. Number three,&nbsp;&nbsp; post content weekly. Only 1% of LinkedIn users&nbsp; post regularly. Yet, these active contributors&nbsp;&nbsp; generate a staggering 9 billion impressions.&nbsp; While it might seem like everyone is posting,&nbsp;&nbsp; the vast majority are not doing so regularly.&nbsp; This means there's ample room for you to stand&nbsp;&nbsp; out and share your expertise. A content calendar&nbsp; that commits both company and leadership to&nbsp;&nbsp; posting at least two times a week is how you earn&nbsp; visibility in LinkedIn. It won't happen overnight,&nbsp;&nbsp; but regular content pays off in the long run. It's&nbsp; also the best way to try out different content,&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ideas hit and what formats don't.&nbsp; By consistently putting out content, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; start to get a real feel for what resonates, and&nbsp; sometimes the results will totally surprise you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those insights are gold and worth the occasional&nbsp; flop. Once your company profile is optimized,&nbsp;&nbsp; your network is engaged, and you have a solid&nbsp; understanding of the kind of content that&nbsp;&nbsp; connects with your audience, you're ready to run&nbsp; ad campaigns. I know it's a lot, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's so worth it in getting that foundation&nbsp; in place. LinkedIn offers different types&nbsp;&nbsp; of campaigns based on your goals. And so, you'll&nbsp; need to decide what do you want your audience to&nbsp;&nbsp; do. If you only want your audience to see your&nbsp; ad, choose awareness. This measures success by&nbsp;&nbsp; impressions. And for what it's worth, it's not the&nbsp; best use of LinkedIn given the lower traffic and&nbsp;&nbsp; fact that LinkedIn is known for converting leads,&nbsp; which is the perfect transition for the next goal,&nbsp;&nbsp; consideration. This is all about getting your&nbsp; audience to take an action so they then learn&nbsp;&nbsp; more about what you do, typically clicking the&nbsp; ad, which brings them to your website. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; a great way to get on customers radars. The last&nbsp; option is conversion, which is all about getting&nbsp;&nbsp; a customer to take a desired action on your&nbsp; website. This could be purchasing an item or&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribing to your newsletter. Whatever it is,&nbsp; you gain a new lead or customer through their&nbsp;&nbsp; action. Once you have your goal set, you need&nbsp; to determine who are you targeting. One brand&nbsp;&nbsp; that's nailing this on LinkedIn is Adobe. Just&nbsp; think about their different customers. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; creatives like designers and editors using Adobe&nbsp; tools for artistic projects. There's marketers&nbsp;&nbsp; who use tools like Adobe Analytics to measure&nbsp; campaign performance. And then there's even&nbsp;&nbsp; it who rely on Adobe for unifying customer data.&nbsp; When Adobe runs ads, they're carefully considering&nbsp;&nbsp; which products and content are most relevant to&nbsp; which audiences. Filmmakers aren't getting white&nbsp;&nbsp; papers for 2024 personalization trends. That's for&nbsp; marketers. Think about who your product is for,&nbsp;&nbsp; their title, age, interest, but don't get too&nbsp; specific. Otherwise, your target pool will be too&nbsp;&nbsp; small. It's best to aim for a target audience over&nbsp; 50,000. When you have your goal and know who the&nbsp;&nbsp; ads are for, it's time to create the ads. LinkedIn&nbsp; has quite a few different formats to choose from.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's sponsored content. These largely appear&nbsp; in user feeds and blend in with organic posts.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's dynamic ads, which appear prominently in&nbsp; the right hand sidebar. And last, there's message&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation ads. The name says it all. These&nbsp; ads pop up in your LinkedIn messages to appear&nbsp;&nbsp; as if someone is trying to talk directly to you.&nbsp; We're going to focus on two formats. Single image&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsored content because these have the highest&nbsp; click-through rate of all the different formats on&nbsp;&nbsp; LinkedIn, even video, and message ads because they&nbsp; can have an open rate of up to 55%, which is way&nbsp;&nbsp; better than the average email campaign. Let's take&nbsp; a look at an example from Adobe for a closer look.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, their exact style might not be for everyone,&nbsp; but their core approach is worth studying. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; look at the message. It hits on a big pain point&nbsp; that's incredibly relevant to their audience. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then they cleverly leverage a stock image to prove&nbsp; their value proposition. One quick glance tells&nbsp;&nbsp; you everything you need to know about what they're&nbsp; offering and how they add value. Now, let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about message ads. There's two critical pieces&nbsp; of copy to consider. Number one, subject line,&nbsp;&nbsp; and number two, the body. Let's start with subject&nbsp; line. Ensuring the value of what you're offering,&nbsp;&nbsp; be both specific and concise. What do I mean&nbsp; by that? Okay, here's a few examples within my&nbsp;&nbsp; own LinkedIn messages. The first one here,&nbsp; I never open it. Okay, it it's it's just a&nbsp;&nbsp; rhetorical question that tells me nothing about&nbsp; the offer. Do they have a role for me or is it&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of some software to help in the job search?&nbsp; I I don't know. And like most folks on LinkedIn,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just I don't have time to care. The second&nbsp; one seems specific, but I don't know the brand,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I have no idea what this is. And before they&nbsp; get to the value, it's hit with an ellipses.&nbsp;&nbsp; This isn't a cliffhanger. It's just too long.&nbsp; The best of the three is this one. They cleverly&nbsp;&nbsp; leverage brand recognition and the parenthetical&nbsp; makes it feel like this offer isn't made all too&nbsp;&nbsp; often. It's specific with a little personality&nbsp; to boot. Okay, now let's talk about message&nbsp;&nbsp; body. Here's a cool example from data bricks. They&nbsp; wanted people to sign up for an event and tested&nbsp;&nbsp; three different LinkedIn messages. Two versions&nbsp; start with open-ended questions, but the third one&nbsp;&nbsp; was super direct. It put the event details and&nbsp; registration link right in the first sentence.&nbsp;&nbsp; that direct approach, it nearly doubled&nbsp; their click-through rate and conversions. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are two big takeaways here. First, always AB&nbsp; test your messages. Let the data show you what's&nbsp;&nbsp; really working. Second, and just as important,&nbsp; don't bury the leak. Get straight to the point&nbsp;&nbsp; with your offer. Put the most important info right&nbsp; up front so your audience can't miss it. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; add any extra context below. Once you're&nbsp; confident in the content, you're ready to&nbsp;&nbsp; roll out your campaign. And that means spending&nbsp; ad dollars. And when you look at your budget,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's one thing you should be asking yourself.&nbsp; How much leeway will you give LinkedIn to optimize&nbsp;&nbsp; your spend automatically? You see, LinkedIn is&nbsp; smart. It knows when activity on the platform is&nbsp;&nbsp; higher than normal and paces how your budget&nbsp; is spent over the course of the campaign to&nbsp;&nbsp; maximize your ROI. So, if you have a campaign&nbsp; running continuously with a daily budget of $50,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might see certain days when LinkedIn hits the&nbsp; daily max spend and other days when it's lower.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now imagine if you increase the daily budget.&nbsp; You'll likely see the days where the max was&nbsp;&nbsp; hitting his limit go even higher while other days&nbsp; are unchanged. These variations can be as high as&nbsp;&nbsp; 50%. If your marketing budget is a bit tight,&nbsp; you can always add a lifetime max spend. For a&nbsp;&nbsp; continuous campaign, this will typically reduce&nbsp; that high variation day-to-day. Another option&nbsp;&nbsp; is to run your campaign on a fixed schedule. You&nbsp; choose the start and end date and then either the&nbsp;&nbsp; budget to be spent over that period or daily max&nbsp; within that period. Either way, the campaign will&nbsp;&nbsp; practice the lifetime pacing to ensure your ads&nbsp; appear on the platform over that entire week. Once&nbsp;&nbsp; your campaign is launched and running, you can&nbsp; celebrate, but just for a minute. Because now you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to monitor your campaign, specifically your&nbsp; KPIs. If the campaign isn't performing, you should&nbsp;&nbsp; check out two things. Number one, your audience&nbsp; segmentation to see if there's disconnect. And&nbsp;&nbsp; number two, your content to try new creative&nbsp; messaging and imagery. Imagine if Adobe saw&nbsp;&nbsp; their creativity for all campaign underperforming&nbsp; amongst senior creatives. What do they do in this&nbsp;&nbsp; hypothetical? They'd look at other segments&nbsp; like young upand cominging creatives where&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe the campaign is having more success and if&nbsp; that's true, reallocate budget to that segment.&nbsp;&nbsp; But maybe the campaign isn't performing well for&nbsp; any segment. So now it's time to look under the&nbsp;&nbsp; hood of your creative. No need to go back to the&nbsp; drawing board. Try small tweaks first and AB test&nbsp;&nbsp; it. You might find that a particular image wasn't&nbsp; connecting or maybe the messaging or call to&nbsp;&nbsp; action needed some context or just an little extra&nbsp; push. No matter what you discover, it's important&nbsp;&nbsp; to consistently evaluate your campaign. So recap,&nbsp; although LinkedIn ads might have a higher upfront&nbsp;&nbsp; cost, they often lead to more conversions and a&nbsp; lower customer acquisition cost. The secret to&nbsp;&nbsp; making them work isn't just about spending money.&nbsp; It's about being strategic. First, lock in your&nbsp;&nbsp; foundation by optimizing your company page and&nbsp; building an organic content strategy to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what resonates with your audience. Once that's&nbsp; solid, you can start running ads. Choose a clear&nbsp;&nbsp; goal, target your audience precisely, and learn&nbsp; from the brands that are killing it. Seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; study the content that they make and take what&nbsp; works for them into your content. Finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; manage your budget smartly and most importantly,&nbsp; continuously monitor your campaign's performance&nbsp;&nbsp; to prove your investment is paying off. And&nbsp; remember to check out HubSpot's playbook or&nbsp;&nbsp; LinkedIn ads because it's packed full of even&nbsp; more information that we didn't have time to&nbsp;&nbsp; cover. I'd love to hear in the comments what your&nbsp; biggest takeaways were. And thanks for watching. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @objectifweb [2 likes]: Thanks for the theory, but in practice, LinkedIn doesn't give much visibility to posts on the page.
  2. @buzzboomer [2 likes]: This video perfectly explains why investing more in LinkedIn ads pays off with higher conversion rates — thanks for breaking it down so clearly!
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download our FREE LinkedIn Ads Playbook for detailed strategies and templates you can use today. 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/91b183
  4. @SidZehra-z1m [1 likes]: LinkedIn advertising, from building your company page and organic content strategy to creating ads that convert and monitoring campaign performance.
  5. @Niccolette-m4t [1 likes]: I love the Notion profile picture campaign - how do you think they made a tool for customers to make their new pic?
  6. @polotricks6373 [1 likes]: Love the laid-back personable and sincere style of your presentation. The three personas you impersonated finally motivated this message. Great work.
  7. @RaihanTheOn: It's honestly refreshing to see someone break down this topic so clearly. I found this right when I was looking for ways to improve my own site's visibility, and the tips on boosting engagement were spot on.
I've actually been testing out IPweb for driving real, targeted traffic and improving social signals recently, and the results have been really solid so far. It fits perfectly with the strategies mentioned here. Definitely going to apply these tips to my next campaign!
  8. @SanaullahKhan-w4i: LinkedIn is a high-intent, career-focused environment, which means your approach needs to be more strategic and less “salesy.”
  9. @matttttt63: Very helpful. Thank you.
  10. @muttBunch: Just starting and I can't even imagine spending $10 per day for 2 weeks :/
  11. @neponel: if you are using linkedin in 2026 for anything but backlinks to your own website you are part of the problem.
  12. @fabianosoriani: Fantastic content, thank you
  13. @jasoncall2648: Question. If I chose specific industries for my audience, why does LI show my ad to totally unrelated industries?
  14. @husainfive: Hi, I need to run an add for my website on LinkedIn. Though I find your tutorial quite useful, but I feel there is much more to running an add campaign professionally. 
Could you suggest someone or maybe do it yourself, for my add campaign?
I am in Canada just so you know. 
Thanks,
Hamid
  15. @roms2001: Allez vous faire mettre avec vos pub de merde

- How to generate 200+ Interior design leads in less than 30 days using Meta ads in 2024?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome in designers I hope you all are doing really good so today we are going to talk about the most exciting topic that most of the interior designers are looking for is how they can run Facebook and Instagram ads AKA meta ads to generate high quality consistent leads for their interior design business so today I will be revealing lot of unique strategies and lot of different things we'll be discussing on how to launch a campaign what goes behind the campaign what are the things you need to take care while launching the campaign and rest of the other things so my name is AR I'm the founder of getm projects and we help interior designers form scale and grow using our proven systems and processes so what I'll do is I'll share my screen so you will have a better idea how we launch the campaign and how the each and everything works so if you can see this is like a quick example I'm going to show you on in this ad account right now so what I'll do I'll click on so First Once you make ad account you need to have a Facebook page you need to have Instagram page already made you need to have a business meta suit if you don't know more about it maybe I can make a separate video but this video is more about launching a Facebook ads from Facebook ad manager so if you are someone who is like into boosting and promoting your post then you are totally wasting your money that is something I can guarantee you so it's better you don't rely on those things and it's better you rely on proper Facebook ads manager to run ads because that's where you get most of your features that's where you get most of the results that you can accumulate properly so so that's the thing so what I'll do I'll hit on create so want to make a new ad account so these are the multiple past campaigns in this ad account so nothing will be there this will be totally planked and you need to click on create so once you click on create you will see multiple campaign objectives like awareness here you can see the meaning of awareness is shows your ad to people who are the most likely to remember them then traffic ads then engagement ads then read ads then app promotion if you have app then the sales this is for majorly for the e-commerce companies so if your interior designer wants to generate leads and you need to select the objective of lead generation which is leads so then you need to click on continue so here if you have seen my past video there will be lot of difference in the UI ux and the options that Facebook gives so if you see there are two types of campaign that you can run tailored lead campaign and manual so what I always prefer is a manual setup which is way better than the tailored lead campaign so I always prefer going on with the manual lead so now here our campaign setup processes start so first of all now you have to name the campaign how you can name the campaign in let's say if you're are interior designer based in Pune or let's say if you have multiple branches like Pune Mumbai Bangalore so let's say if you want to Target Pune only so what you can do is you can type pun and let's say today's date is 4th October so 4th October 2024 is the day you are launching the campaign now once you scroll SC down here you will see option button you don't need to check but you don't need to check that you don't need to worry about this campaign objective we have already selected then if you see here you don't need to worry about campaign spending limit this is what you have to turn on Advanced campaign budget so earlier it used to be a campaign budget optimization as a name of CBO but now Facebook have renamed it to Advantage campaign budget so this is something you have to turn on now let's talk about the minimum budget so if you are in a tire two cities like jaur Sur Amad I'm not sure if it's Tire 1 Tire two but if you are in a tire 2 City you don't you can start with 500 rup per day at budget but if you are in a tire one city like Mangalore Pune Chennai Delhi thousand rupes is the minimum ad budget you need if you are in Bangalore I would say The Sweet Spot of tyan cities is500 rupees per day ad budget and for Tai two cities like jaur indor bopal 500 rupees per dayet is enough to start with then you can increase the budget depending on your lead flow and how you are getting things then let's say you set a budget 1500 rupees per day and campaign bit strategy high volume here you don't need to turn on this and there other things you don't need to take take care anything at the campaign level you just need to name your campaign then you need to have ADD budget done turn on the campaign budget optimization which is Advantage campaign budget right now and that's it may be testing nothing else you have to do now then click on next okay then you have to click on next next so here you have uh now we are on ad set level so there are three levels in the Facebook ads one is campaign level we have already said that now it's ad side level we set all the targeting options and each and everything so ad side let's say if you are going on with interest targeting so what I prefer is giving a quick overview of my uh targeting thing so I interest let's say if I'm targeting age between 30 to 50 and city is again Pune or specific pin Cod let I'm giving P codes specifically so PIN codes now here I will select lead forms or instant forms that is I feel initially if you are beginning things in your Marketing in your Facebook ad for generating leads instant forms are way better than website and any other options that you are seeing right now here so click on instant form here you can select a page let's say here I've selected my own page the re good then then you scroll down here while running while launching the campaign the best time to launch the campaign is let's say right now it's 400 p.m. or 4 uh sorry today's fourth date right now it's 10:00 a.m. so I never launch campaign at the same time what I do is I always launch campaign on the next day where I've selected the midnight timing so this is how you have to do in some ad accounts you will see you will not get 0000 you might have to type 12 so it depends like some ad accounts have different settings some ad accounts have different setting so you always have to launch your campaign at midnight 12 so that's where you can keep track of each and everything and then you scroll down you don't need to worry about all these options scroll scr down scroll down so here there were so if you switch to original audience options you can switch to that as well but from my end what I've seen is like the normal this the by default option also works really good right now compared to switch to original one so it's totally your choice there is not a very big difference but I prefer going on with this so current setup that Facebook app now here you don't we don't have to Target whole India because that's not our market so there are two to three ways you can Target geographically now we are talking about geographical targeting let's say if you are interior designer based in Pune if you simply search Pune you will get the Pune City option here you can Target based on the radius you can make it less more 10 km 20 km Max to Max 80 kilm or you can have a current city only so that's when the whole city will be get targeted or the best option that I recommend is having a PIN codes so what you can do is you can go on Google and you can find out like PIN codes of Pune or let's say we want to because the whole Pune is not our target audience whole Pune we don't want to Target we want to Target specific ZIP codes of pun let's say if I copy paste all these uh ZIP codes I'm not sure if I be able to copy it from there but yeah you can select like specific PIN codes from pun that you want to Target and then that you can add like let's say if I give one example if I have to add this pin code 4 1101 okay 41101 okay 41101 so here I'll get this pin code so how pin code is targeted is like this this is a very specific very narrow targeting so you can make a list of PIN codes list of areas of PIN codes you want to Target specifically your ads in Pune so that's how you can do it then you scroll down now here is something you need to test it out so what I prefer is having a two ad set like this if I give you example if you open this now first you have to click on this show more option here select the minimum age 25 30 that I would recommend I think 25 is the max by default option here there are two places I don't know why Facebook made this but there are two places we have to select the age one is here second is here so I prefer like minimum 28 age group to I would say 50 is more than enough for interior design clients that we are planning to Target because above 50 very tough to get good clients and less than if somebody is less than the age of 28 they might not have money they might not be doing job and not ready to invest in their home interior and buying home so after that you get detailed targeting option that's where the real thing happen so you will get lot of targeting options like you will get home interior design as a targeting option here so you can select that once you select that you click on suggestions you will get more suggestions like interior design as a targeting option Home Improvement interior architecture modern architecture there are lot of I would recommend you as selecting as much as possible 10 to 15 targeting options you can select easily uh for demo purpose I've shown you these are the options that you can select now once you scroll here you can also narrow your audience let's say you want to Target Premium client so here what you can do is here you can SE people who prefer high value Goods in India prefer high value Goods in India so here you can select you can narrow down so people those who have the interest in all these things home interior and they also have high value preference as well like fre International Travelers we can Target engage Shoppers we can Target business class travel we can Target first class travel we can Target so that's how like you can narrow it your audience as much as possible here you can see the estimated audience size that you are getting here so that's how it is now second last thing in the ad set is about placements so if you SE in Facebook there is more than 18 to 20 placements I feel but you don't have to run ads on everywhere placements is like where your place where your ad will be shown on the app is it on Facebook feed is it on Instagram feed is it on stories it is it on real so I would recommend like switching off this network one then you scroll down you can unselect this one search result you don't need to show in stream ads you don't need to show you need to show your ad from story and reals and just keep turn on the feeds option that's it rest of them you have to turn it off we don't have we don't want that and that's it and then you click on next for moving forward now here your Facebook page and Instagram page will be connected so now here what you have to do you have to write the ad copy headline and then call to action button so what type of ads really work so right now I might have one or somewhere somewhat other AD to show you let me see which I used to long time back uh for interior forms uh let me see if I have any video ad so this is also one of the type of video ad you can use but if I give you a quick overview what type of video work you project walkthroughs your project shoot videos your client testimonial videos these are the type of I always prefer video when it come to Interior Design industry and rest you can customize it as per your so project videos project photos and client testimonial so all these things works really well then now here you need to write your ad copy which is the primary text let's say you are from Pune so what you can do is hello or attention un homeowners so that's how your ad copy can start so the formula that I would like to give you for the ad copy is a i d a a so what a stands for is attention like talking to your target audience here like I have talking to attention pun homeowners now you have to talk about the interest of your target audience what are the interest they looking for inter designer who can help them to design their home with as much as cost effective possible on proper timely basis no cost overrun no delays in Handover so these are their interest these are their things and desire how they wants to look their home it should be premium it should reflect their personality it should stand out from other relatives that they have their home so that's what the desire so what are the interest of your target audience so that's what you need to study I don't want to like spoon feed you in each and everything that's what I don't like to do most probably so yeah you need to use this formula Ada attention attention Pune homeowners attention Bangalore home owners where you are targeting talk about their interest talk about their desire and talk about their now talk to call to action like here if you see Facebook also give you some ad copies like pun home owners listen up tired of living home that's only truly yours we have got a solution ready to transform your space that's turning refle that's it now here headline will be your offer so what offer you can go with the minimal offer is like book your free consultation that most of the inter designers do book your free consultation book your free con consultation or if you want you can go more Advance here you will able to see the preview of your app like for an example if I add one video here also for you for an example what I'll do I'll add a video here so here how here you will able to see your preview your ad your ad copy your headline each and everything so that's how the whole process look like book your free consultation you can offer 10% off 15% off save up to 15% in your home interior maybe you can start with giving free 3DS initially if they want to work with you you can tell them we'll do one 3D free design free 3D for one of your room that you want so that's how you can do an call to action you can select there are many call to action like learn more get code so learn more is Evergreen one so you can select learn more now this is the basic setup we have done now we have to make a lead form so what will happen you will be running your ads in Pune you will start seeing people will start seeing your ad now they want to contact you so they will click on this button learn more once they click on the button learn mode they go through a form where let's say you name a form let's say if I write for as a demo form one then my focus is on more volume uh uh higher intent Rich creative so I majorly preferably go with more volume then here if you want you can keep those headlines and description but I prefer turning it off now once they have click on the now my motto is to let them fill the form so that's where you can ask them few qu questions to qualify them like uh what is their floor plan is it 2 bhk is it 3 bhk is it 4 BK etc etc the basic idea that you will get then you can ask them multiple questions like what is their budget what is their how soon they want to start and then asking their name email address and phone number here you need to write the details details and then you click on next now here you can add a privacy policy link if you have a website so for now I'll put it as a google.com if you have a website you can put any link of your privacy policy page you can add here and then you go to a thank you page so once they filled the form now they've submitted information now what next step they have to take so best I recommend is is calling you directly so here what you can do is thank you you are all set or thank you but wait that's how you can do it edit it but wait in side by side you can see the previous well but wait call now to book your appointment call now to book your appointment and then here you can add your phone number here and then call to action button and then form is created for an example I'll type random number so first you have to select the India 91 I'll type a random number here and then here you can have a call direction of call now or click to call something like that and form is created so yeah that's how our campaign is ready to run ready to thrive and then you just need to click on publish button and then your campaign will get published so that's it pretty simple to the point uh not a very rocket science this is like the basic of uh running Facebook ads this is a pretty basic thing that I have explained you there are way more advanced things you can do when it's come to running ads so if you want to know more about how we can help you you can book a one to one consultation with me and my team click on a button Below in the description box you will find a video or you will find the link through which you will able to book a call and I'll see you on another side till then have a good one see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @kuchbhitharun: what was the cpl
  2. @masterinterior1701: Thanks

- The Best Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026 (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Once Meta dropped their Andromeda update, I saw hundreds of comments of people reporting that their return on ad spends dropped from really high three, six, even 10, all the way down to barely breaking even. And even though tens of thousands of advertisers spending hundreds of millions of dollars in Facebook ads have freaked out, the truth is is that this is just another time when you need to adapt. If you do, you can gain a massive advantage over all of your competition. And this is exactly what we've done over the past few months. Like this brand that drove $108,000 in revenue in just seven days. Or like this Shopify store that grew 141% quarter over quarter during the exact time that Andromeda was released. So to help you get back on track and start this year off with a bang, I'm going to share everything that you need to do to get your ad account in the best possible position for 2026. So to kick things off, a good lay of the land is what did Facebook used to look like and what does it look like now? Before Andromeda, what would happen is we would select our audience and then we'd make a bunch of creative for that audience. And ideally what we would do is we would spend as much as possible against an audience that worked for us with a creative that worked. Then Andromeda releases and we move to a space where the concept actually creates the audience for us. So our objective goes from a place where we want to select our audience and select our creative to match to the concept automatically being matched to the audience. So people have said things like creative is the targeting which is true but the important part that you need to understand is it's not as simple as just uploading your ads. You need to have a system in place to develop as many great concepts as possible cuz what you want to happen over time is you want to create a bunch of different concepts in your account. Ideally each of these concepts convert at different rates. For example, concept number one might only spend 10% of your budget, but do so at a 5x return on ad spend. Concept number two might spend 90% of your budget, but do so at a 2x. And I could obviously go down the list here, but in old school Facebook, you would push all of your spend to the first concept here. New school Facebook post Andromeda, we like both concept A and concept B because each of these concepts is above our target, which I'm assuming is a 2x return on ad spend for this example. So, if you are just starting, this is your very first day running ads, and you're like, "What the heck do I do? I just entered Facebook ads, and this thing looks like I'm the captain of a ship. There's so many buttons, I don't know what to click." I'm going to keep this really simple. For day one of running ads, all I would like to create, if it was my first day running ads, is a single prospecting campaign with three ad sets. I have never said this before, if you've been watching my videos for the last three plus years, you've never heard me say this. This is something I've pushed more so than ever before because I've seen it be successful. The first ad set that you want to create is a pure 100% broad ad set. The other two adets are interestbased adsets. What I've seen most recently with Andromeda is that the pixel takes a little bit longer to learn, but once it learns, it runs. What I like to do is I like to give it two interest groups that are most applicable to my business. Whatever your category is, find the most niche slash smallest brand that you could possibly target in Facebook ads and run with that as your first interest group. Your second interest group, you could literally do the same thing. All we're trying to do with these two interest groups is guide the algorithm so that over time our broad audience, which is by far our most important thing, is starting to get more and more spend against the right people. So, what this will look like in your ad account is you'll have a prospecting CBO campaign. You'll have your broad pack one with all of your creatives grouped in together. And then you'll have a few interest groups. At the campaign level, we're using campaign budget always all the time. We're always using highest volume or value when we're just starting. And we're setting up our audience segment reporting. If you do not have these set up, make sure you include your engaged audiences, which are your 30-day site visitors, your 90-day ad to carts, and your existing customers, which are lists of your entire customer base. Inside of our broad pack, our conversion location is always website. Our performance goal is always maximize number of conversions. And our conversion event is always purchase. Don't fall for add to carts. Don't fall for initiate checkouts. You need to use the purchase events. Otherwise, you're literally telling Facebook you want to do something that is not actually the end goal. And scrolling down to the audience section for your broad pack of your very first day of running ads. Then yeah, you're going 100% broad. It should say advantage plus on. There should be no exclusions in place. and you should just let this rip. We're going to put all our placements on, letting Facebook do its thing as much as possible. The interest group is going to be a little bit different. Every setting up top is exactly the same, except when we scroll down to the audience section. In the audience section, we're going to select our exact single detailed targeting. And I have something here that we're going to get to a little bit down the line when we start excluding customers. But you can leave your exclusions completely open if it's your first day of running ads. And just like before, our placements stay wide open. Now, your goal here, if it's your first day, is just get your ads in. Look at what ads are working the best and go ahead and make more of them. It also would be a really good move here to look at your competitors, look at what they're doing, and try to copy with your own flare of what they're doing the best. Moving on to the state of under $3,000. The big difference here in this stage is that we're basically running our prospecting exactly the same. There's no significant change in our prospecting. You can keep your interest. You could also delete your interest if you want to. And as you can see down here in my under 3K section, I've added an existing customer bucket. That existing customer bucket is a new campaign that I am specifically and only targeting all of my existing customers. The reason for this is Facebook has a tendency to overspend on your existing customers. And we want to break that out as early as possible. We want prospecting to truly be new acquisition and we want existing customers to truly be a retention effort. The way that we do this is really simple. Again, we're keeping our prospecting basically the same. If those interests are working, keep them. If they're not working and the broad's doing most of the work, cut the interest and just keep the broad. So, really, we're just creating our retention campaign here. And the only thing we really need to focus on is inside of the ad set. Everything stays exactly the same, same settings we went over before, except our audience. In our audience, we have to do two very important things. First, we have to include an audience. So, make sure you include your purchasers over the last 180 days. And if you have an alltime list from like Clavio or something, get that in here as well. Do not select this button right here that says use as a suggestion. If you do select this, Facebook is allowed to go beyond your list, which is not what you want at all. You want this to very clearly be a retention effort just against your purchasers. So unselect this. And then there's going to be an option that says further limit the reach of your ads. And let me show you what this looks like. So right here, this is what it will look like if you don't click further limit the reach of your ads. You want to click further limit the reach and then again further limit the reach. Click continue. It's a big roadblock there. When you do this, you then have to go back into your inclusion and unselect use as a suggestion. If you don't do this, Facebook is technically just treating this as a source and then it's going to expand beyond it. That's not what we want to do here. Now, during this phase of around $3,000, your objective remains the same. All you really want to do is take your best creatives and make more of them and then take iterations of those best creatives and continue to again produce more. Once we get beyond $3,000, beyond a hundred bucks a day, it's time to introduce the pack system. Now, the pack system is one of the most important systems that you could possibly integrate into your account because it a keeps you organized and b works with the algorithm so that you have a mix of control plus allowing the CBO to actually do its work. So, what I have on my screen probably looks like a monster. However, it's actually really simple and this system builds with you over time. We have some accounts that have 70 packs that are either active or were active at one point. So, how this works is every time you launch new creatives, you launch a new pack. For example, if I had four new creatives, whether they were all statics, all videos, even if they were catalog, I would throw them into a new ad set every single time. What's really happening here is we're not resetting the learnings at the campaign level, and we're not resetting learnings or interfering with anything at the ad level. All we're doing is introducing all new things that are starting from scratch. And if Facebook thinks that these ads within this new pack are good, it's going to start to spend money against this pack. So between $3 to $10,000, as we were just addressing, this is the first introduction of the pack system. You ideally want to launch all broad packs and you take your best winners and you graduate those into interest groups. What this looks like in practice is you're taking your first broad pack, you're literally creating pack number two with the exact same settings and getting your next round of creative. The idea here is that as you build your account, you get more and more and more creatives. Yes, you're going to have a larger amount of adsets. You're going to have a big campaign in here, but you have a hyper competitive environment. And that means that Facebook will determine where to spend your money. If this adset's doing better, more money is going to go to this adset. If it starts to fatigue, which is going to happen, then that cash is actually going to go down to a different high-erforming pack. So, we actually create almost a flywheel within our prospecting campaign that actually prevents us from making manual intervention by pausing ads. And it also helps us because as things fatigue, it's going to redistribute that spend to other high performing places. And again, in that 3 to 10k range, we're looking at a prospecting and an existing customer campaign. Really, at this point, you've learned some things. You've spent some money. If you've been running ads for a longer period of time, then you've really learned some things. You've really spent some money. So if something worked, for example, like interest when you first started out, just like I said in the under 3K mark, don't be scared to keep that in your 3 to 10k mark. And now the part that everyone including myself starts to really geek out about. We're going to introduce our scaling mechanism. So the way that this really works is your top performing ads get graduated into what I call the winners's bucket. This bucket is imaginary. It doesn't mean anything. Just think of it as the holding ground for all your best ads. What we do with those winners is two things. First, we graduate them down below into our interest groups. The reason we graduate these into our interest groups is because now creative isn't the variable for if an interest is successful. Interest groups need to be tested for the interest, not for the creative. If I put different creative in every single interest group, we wouldn't know if the creative is the reason the interest is doing well or if the interest targeting is the reason it's doing well. After we graduate into the interest, we graduate into what I call an ASC scale campaign. Now, ASC is kind of old school Facebook. Call it what you want. This is just my old brain doing this for so long calling it an ASC. It's really just a 100% broad campaign. So, in my actual account, I literally call this scale. I call the one ad set scale and I throw all my ads in here. This campaign doesn't do anything magical. All this does is guarantee that I could spend more money against my top performing ads within this adset. Just like before, we're excluding all of our existing customers. We want this to very specifically just target net new acquisition. Now, during this 10 to 30k range, I call this the messy middle. This is the spot that most brands get stuck. This is both a mental trap and actually a roadblock that is real. The mental trap part of this is that most brands can't physically get over the hump of spending more than $1,000 per day. It feels like a big hit to their bottom line, and it is. It's a lot of money that you're spending. The real roadblock here is that you begin to overspend just like before on existing and engaged audiences. The objective of all paid advertising is to get new customers to your website. Everything you do after that, like delivering really good value of your product, email campaigns, SMS campaigns, engaging with your customers on social media, that's how you keep existing customers coming back over and over. And of course, we have an ad effort to do that just a little bit. But people that are pure prospects, they've never even heard of you before. maybe they've seen one or two ads like the post something really small. That's the focus of Facebook. So, what I would urge everyone to do in this 10 to 30k range is make sure that the roadblock that you're actually facing is a real roadblock and make sure you're spending as much money as possible on new customer acquisition and you're not overspending on existing and engaged, which you can see easily in your audience segments. I will also take this moment to say that at the Moonlighters, we work with brands in this range. So, as long as you're spending $20,000 per month and you're in the 1 to10 million revenue mark, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. Worst case, you talk to someone on my team for 10 minutes, you don't like us, and you come back and you get your free value right here. Best case, you're a client like the hundreds that we have worked with successfully scaling their businesses profitably. Once we get beyond 30K, you're going to see really quickly that things get big. Your account's going to start growing. you're spending a,000, $2,000, $3,000 a day. Things are moving quickly and things become more fluid. What I mean by fluid is in this stage, you'll tend to see budgets go up and down in very large degrees very quickly. You can go from spending $1,000 a day to $3 or $4,000 a day if things are going right and then right back down to a,000 or $2,000 a day when it's time to appropriately pull back. Now, during this period, we have the same prospecting CBO system as before. Everything else is maintaining exactly the same in this prospecting campaign. We have our scale. Now these two red brackets represent our new customer acquisition. We then have our existing customer effort which is going to represent retention. And then finally we have the new addition of retargeting. Now retargeting here is going to be very very important as we continue to grow. And the reason I add retargeting in here is specifically because we start to see the overspending in prospecting in the scaling campaign happen more so at this 30k plus range than ever. What I would advise most brands to do at this stage is to add add to cart plus site retargeting. What that usually means is add to cart 90 days and site visitors 30 days. I would generally match this with my engaged audiences that I had previously set up. And there's something really important that you need to know in this stage because as you start to spend more money, you're going to run into a CBO roadblock. The classic CBO roadblock that I know a lot of advertisers have run into is that one ad set gets the majority of the spend and then your new adsets don't have any opportunity to actually spend and be tested. So the way that we solve this is in our adsets, we scroll down to our budget and schedule setting and then we click adset spending limits. When you click adset spending limits, change this from use percentage to use dollar value and set your daily minimum to one time your target cost per acquisition. If your target CPA is 50 bucks, you put 50 bucks here. So, I'd mark my daily minimum as $50. And I would let this run for no greater than 7 days. There's a maximum of 7 days. And here's how you need to think about it. If the spend on this adset is above $50 every day after I set the minimum, then you could safely remove this adset spending limit and it's going to spend more than the $50 you have set. That's easy. If it's exactly at the $50 minimum, then you'll also know unfortunately that this is not a scalable adset and you could again remove the minimum. The only odd case where you can keep this minimum is if it's driving a high return on ad spend for you and it's not spending more than your minimum that you set. For example, if I set 50 and my target was two, but I was getting a four return on ad spend, then I would keep this. In fact, I'd probably be a little crafty here and increase that 50 up to 100 bucks or even greater to force some more spend on this ad set. And now for the big time spenders. We're talking $100,000 plus. I know by many people's standards, $100,000 is actually not too much to spend in ads, but other folks will look at 100K and think that is astronomically larger than I could ever imagine. Think about it like this. If you went from 3,000 to 6,000, would you really think that is huge? Probably not. But if you went from 100 to 200 or even 300, that feels really big because the actual number of dollars in and out is significantly greater. But in percentages, which is what a lot of this needs to be dealt with, you're not actually scaling too much. So when I say 100K plus, I truly mean well beyond 100. Now, the crazy part here is you probably notice from 30 to 100, we have generally the same setup, but there's a few nuances that need to be addressed. At this point, you have a lot of creative flowing in. And I like to use a rule for how much creative you actually need to be uploading into your ad account to grow it. My best piece of advice is to use the rule of 10,000. For every $10,000 you spend per month in advertising, you need to upload that many ads per week. For example, if you spend $100,000, you should upload 10 ads per week. If you spend $500,000, you should upload 50 ads per week. And no, that doesn't include size variance. That doesn't include little tiny iterations. I'm talking about different ads. This sounds crazy cuz it is crazy. It's hard. It's very hard to do. And even though we're working in the same system that we were at 30K, things naturally get bigger. You run a sale, you have a different campaign that needs to stay on, you have different parts of your business that are active. So don't think that just because I'm saying these are the four campaigns, it's all said and done. That's not necessarily true. Usually, most of the brands that we're working with have significantly greater and larger ad accounts because in time we find different things that work. And just like I said at the beginning of this video, we never shut something down that's actively working. Now, when you get to 100K plus, really beyond this, you have to start to factor in some other pieces. First, I really like to involve cost caps at this stage. I think cost caps, bid caps, or even target rorowaz is a fantastic way to sustain your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition. and let spend be a little bit more variable. This is very important. Next is it's a good opportunity to implement things like day parting and week parting. You likely can very easily see which days of the week perform better for your business. So spend more money on those days. In fact, go into your Shopify right now, find those days and figure out, are you spending more on your better performing days? If not, this is one of the easiest things you can do to get 10 even 20% better performance without touching a thing. And finally, this is a big tip for big advertisers out there. Use incremental attribution. Gone are the days of 7-day click. Gone are the days of one day click. 7-day click one day view is typically a little bit too big when you're at this sort of stage. So either evaluate or actually use incremental attribution because you're going to have a massive halo effect. You're going to have a lot of referrals, a lot of word of mouth that's growing. We really want to understand what are the purchases that happen because of Facebook. It's exactly what incremental attribution does. Now, I just broke down my entire strategy for you. And if you want to see the step-by-step implementation of this, the actual document that describes everything that I just went through, the flowcharts, and way more, then click the link down in the description where I give you my full 22page M3 guide. And last, if you want to see how you can multiply your static ad output to create a content machine, click this video right here where I take you step by step on how to use Google's new Nano Banana 3 completely for free to multiply your creative output. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this video and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l125
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l125
  2. @RachelledelaRosa [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. I'm interested in the data points shared correlating andromeda update vs. the creative spend of the most successful companies.
  3. @deitykush [1 likes]: Please direct me to the beginner campaigns for people who are going there but not there yet
  4. @missolivia-eng [1 likes]: Please, I want to understand if I can do this per product or I do it all in 4 campaign for my whole store?
  5. @jordanamber.s [1 likes]: Super helpful!
  6. @beba4480: But you said in another video the propsecting is always new audiences. No engaged audiences
  7. @ChiragTailor-y2g: Whats the difference between an interest ad set and a broad ad set? Who am I targeting with the interest ad set?
  8. @HappywhereIamLife: why should we start new ads out in high volume vs CPRG ?
  9. @arminschnurer5116: First of all - thanks for the video!
For testing why not use an ABO Setup? So we can make sure each AdSet (concepts) gets the same amount of budget? So we can better compare - and CBO in the scaling campaign?
  10. @TheMinecraftguy65: In the video you mention ecom, can this same strategies work for local service based businesses?
  11. @shopolis: will this strategy work for supplement ads?
  12. @nickdoherty1580: Great video! Is the scale campaign a CBO too?
  13. @danjeffery6394: I assume, for example, $3k, means $3k spend per day?
  14. @BurningBliss67: Do you really think that people that are spending $10k a day are watching this ??  Please consider talking about us beginners that are learning
  15. @thainamemali: Great source🎉 Thank you.
  16. @lanaleksandra: I advertize in German speaking countries and test only with 100eur. No matter hwo often I've tried CBO, its just not profitable, while ABO campaign with many ad sets seems to be working for me. Is it still ok?
  17. @Mcmxxvxxi: What if you target multiple personas?
  18. @TheDeckPeople: I run a local home-service business. Historically, the more I add interests, the higher CPL. What's your opinion on letting the general ads run wild instead of targeting specific interest groups. Obviously learning phase will be rougher, but over time, won't lead targeting be more effective and cheaper?
  19. @Exponentialplus: new update ? for 2026?
  20. @aaad59: Hey Solid Video. Question 1: If I switch my current running CBO to ABO , it won't set back my learning phase correct? Will switching to ABO just continue the learning phase by forcing budgets to my other ads?  

Question 2. After I switch to ABO and run it for a while, can I switch back to CBO without it resetting my learning phase? 

Essentially like a switch, ON/OFF to force my budgets across all other ads. How many times can I switch this without it resetting the campaign structure and learning phase journey. 


Hopefully my question makes sense. Thanks!

- FACEBOOK FOR INTERIOR DESIGNERS | How To Use Facebook To PROMOTE Your HOME DECOR BUSINESS: Kind: captions Language: en-US When I say 'Facebook marketing' what comes&nbsp; up in your mind? Pictures of friends' kids&nbsp;&nbsp; and family day trips? Arguing in the&nbsp; comments below the latest news piece?&nbsp;&nbsp; Poking someone? Or nothing at all, because,&nbsp; well, it's 2022 and Facebook is so 2005? Well, you might be losing out on new&nbsp; business if you are avoiding Facebook.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, I appreciate that different marketing&nbsp; channels work well for different designers&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm not here to convince you to drop&nbsp; everything else and get on Facebook asap. But, if your interior design business&nbsp; is already on Facebook without seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; great results and you have some time&nbsp; to fix this, this video is for you. Hey designer, welcome back to my channel!&nbsp; If we haven't met yet, my name is Simona&nbsp;&nbsp; and I help interior designers and home decorators&nbsp; market their businesses better with social media. On this channel, I've mostly talked about&nbsp; Instagram so far. But there is value in other&nbsp;&nbsp; social media platforms too when building your home&nbsp; decor business. And although Facebook doesn't play&nbsp;&nbsp; the same role in the social media world as it&nbsp; did 10 or 15 years ago, it can still help you get&nbsp;&nbsp; client leads, even repeatedly. And in this video,&nbsp; we will look exactly at how you can do this. By the way, in this video, we will&nbsp; not be talking about Facebook ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is a whole different&nbsp; beast to tackle and for today,&nbsp;&nbsp; the main focus is how you can use Facebook&nbsp; organically to get home decor clients. Okay, let's get started. Facebook marketing has changed&nbsp; over the years. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; pages were the main promotional tool on&nbsp; Facebook. These days they are not as efficient&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you want some decent reach you have to&nbsp; spend tons of money on boosting your posts. This is partly because Facebook and&nbsp; its algorithm have shifted their focus&nbsp;&nbsp; from business to friends, family,&nbsp; and interactions within groups. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; almost as if Facebook punished you for&nbsp; wanting to do business on its platform. But there is a way how to get new clients&nbsp; on Facebook without paying for ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that is, by being active in Facebook groups. First things first, it is important to&nbsp; understand the difference between Facebook pages&nbsp;&nbsp; and Facebook groups. Facebook pages can&nbsp; still be used to market your business&nbsp;&nbsp; by posting brand-related content that&nbsp; followers can like and comment on. But as I've mentioned, pages do not&nbsp; get the organic reach they used to,&nbsp;&nbsp; and, frankly, fewer and fewer people are even&nbsp; interested in content posted on Facebook pages. On the other hand, groups,&nbsp; with their community aspect,&nbsp;&nbsp; allow you to start meaningful conversations&nbsp;&nbsp; with potential clients and even reach more&nbsp; people organically than with Facebook pages. Facebook groups have the option&nbsp; of being public, private,&nbsp;&nbsp; or secret communities where people can connect,&nbsp; communicate and share about a common topic. There are all kinds of Facebook groups&nbsp; - there are interest-focused groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example about cooking, photography, or&nbsp; pets. Then there are industry-based groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; like those for interior designers, and,&nbsp; finally local, or neighborhood groups&nbsp;&nbsp; that are all about stuff happening in&nbsp; your geographical area. I would also&nbsp;&nbsp; include most mom groups in this last category&nbsp; unless their focus is parenting in general. For the purposes of marketing&nbsp; your interior design business,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will look at the latter two types -&nbsp; industry-based groups and neighborhood groups. You might think, this is where other designers&nbsp; hang out, not my clients. And you might be right,&nbsp;&nbsp; but... groups for interior designers are&nbsp; a great source for when you need a second&nbsp;&nbsp; opinion when you don't know how to deal with&nbsp; a difficult client when you are just setting&nbsp;&nbsp; up your design business and trying to work out&nbsp; pricing your packages... There are so many ways&nbsp;&nbsp; that these groups can help you grow your business.&nbsp; Not to mention, oftentimes you might see designers&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for someone to refer their clients to&nbsp; if they don't have the capacity at the moment. So, do not avoid groups for interior&nbsp; designers. Do not see them necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; as a place to find new clients but&nbsp; as a great hive mind with heaps of&nbsp;&nbsp; collective experience that can&nbsp; you can use in your business. And while we are on the topic of industry&nbsp; groups for interior designers, do join ours&nbsp;&nbsp; that is all about how interior designers can&nbsp; use social media to promote their businesses. Your local Facebook groups are where&nbsp; people ask all sorts of advice,&nbsp;&nbsp; including where to find interior designers or&nbsp; home stagers. Besides pitching your business&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself you can ask your past clients&nbsp; to mention your name in the groups where&nbsp;&nbsp; they are members - this is basically a digital&nbsp; version of referrals and word-of-mouth marketing. The great thing about groups is, that the posts&nbsp; are still searchable even long after they were&nbsp;&nbsp; posted. This means that if there is a new member&nbsp; in the group looking for a specific topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; for instance, recommendations for&nbsp; an interior designer in their area,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can find your posts using&nbsp; the search function. You would&nbsp;&nbsp; be surprised how long after posting&nbsp; might people keep finding your posts. As much as you want to put your services in&nbsp; the spotlight on Facebook, it is important that&nbsp;&nbsp; you add value first, above anything else.&nbsp; People are often looking for inspiration&nbsp;&nbsp; or solutions to solve their pain points,&nbsp; not for more unsolicited advertising. You can add value by commenting on&nbsp; people’s posts that are for instance&nbsp;&nbsp; considering home makeovers and do not know&nbsp; where to start. Or if you are a new designer&nbsp;&nbsp; and don't have any client testimonials, you&nbsp; can offer a free 30-minute consultation in&nbsp;&nbsp; exchange for an honest review. In any&nbsp; case, ensure that you are providing&nbsp;&nbsp; value as a home decor expert in Facebook groups,&nbsp; instead of just promoting your design brand. By the way, it's usually better to steer clear of&nbsp; open groups and focus on closed, private groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you might have to answer some&nbsp; questions before being accepted.. The open&nbsp;&nbsp; groups usually attract a lot of spam and do not&nbsp; really work for starting meaningful conversations. Promoting your design business on Facebook doesn't&nbsp; mean just posting and running away. Same as on&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram - if you want people to engage with&nbsp; your business, you need to engage with them too. It helps to block out dedicated time for&nbsp; social media engagement and this also applies&nbsp;&nbsp; to Facebook. You could, for instance, set&nbsp; out half an hour each week to go through&nbsp;&nbsp; your neighborhood groups and see if there are&nbsp; questions relevant to your business. Or have&nbsp;&nbsp; your assistant do this and focus on providing&nbsp; valuable answers where you show your expertise.&nbsp;&nbsp; Include checking your Facebook inbox in this&nbsp; time too, including the 'Message requests'&nbsp;&nbsp; and 'Spam' folders - a lot of times this is where&nbsp; messages from potential clients might end up in. Of course, you can always create your&nbsp; own Facebook group. But be prepared for&nbsp;&nbsp; a big time commitment. If you want to get&nbsp; your own Facebook group off the ground,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might take a lot of effort. You&nbsp; need to post valuable content, engage,&nbsp;&nbsp; inspire and answer questions that will come from&nbsp; members every week, maybe even every day until&nbsp;&nbsp; your community grows and you get another admin&nbsp; to help you with the management of the group.&nbsp;&nbsp; It might take months until you start&nbsp; seeing results. If you are up for the task,&nbsp;&nbsp; the reward of more visibility for your design&nbsp; business might be well worth the effort, but&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging in groups that are already established&nbsp; might be a more sure way if your time is limited. Facebook is still a great platform&nbsp; where you can connect with potential&nbsp;&nbsp; clients and get more visibility&nbsp; for your interior design business.&nbsp; Whether you invest in your own Facebook group&nbsp; or use existing groups as part of your marketing&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy, always ensure that you provide value&nbsp; instead of just plugging your home decor business. If you still haven't had enough, there is&nbsp; a blog post about Facebook for interior&nbsp;&nbsp; designers on our website - you might want&nbsp; to check it out and save it for later. And if you're all about wanting to&nbsp; grow your interior design business,&nbsp;&nbsp; do subscribe to this channel so you&nbsp; get notified about our new videos. I will be here for you with another video soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @caglask [2 likes]: this video has some nice tips, thank you :) I would love a seperate video about just commenting and engaging on groups efficiently for attracting attention of the target audience. Thanks again
  2. @straightaheadsocial [1 likes]: FACEBOOK GROUP FOR INTERIOR DESIGNERS: https://social.straightahead.co/community 🔥

- Professional Facebook Page Design & Redesign Service | Strategic Organic Growth Expert: Kind: captions Language: en Hey

- My ENTIRE 2026 Content Planning Strategy Revealed (Built for CLIENTS, Not Subs): Kind: captions Language: en If you're ready to get your entire 2026 content calendar planned and done, I'm going to show you exactly how. Because the truth is, you already know that the right content is how you can attract the best customers who value your expertise the most. But most people think that content creation just wastes time that they don't have. What none of them understands is that businesses creating the best content are actually spending the least time on it. They're just using a planning system that completely flips how content creation works. In this video, I'll show you the exact planning system that lets you map out an entire year of content in about an hour, the AI powered method that generates perfectly researched topics in minutes, and the planning trick that saves me days every single month. I've created over 500 YouTube videos, 300 podcast episodes, and more blog posts than I can count over the years. And I credit all that content with building my business to the sevenfigure mark it's at today. And this is the system that allowed me to do all of it without burning myself out. It's also what I teach inside my paid program, the YouTube to clients academy experience. So this is going to be some really solid free value. All right. So when I say content, let me be crystal clear about what we're talking about here. Not talking about posting random thoughts on LinkedIn or churning out those daily Instagram stories. I'm talking about one weekly piece of long- form content that actually moves the needle for your business. You have to start with that long- form content piece first. Then you can chop it up into those smaller pieces later if you want more mileage from your content. To start, you need to know what kind of content you should be focusing on. Because getting really good at and dominating one format is the key here. And these are the big content types that you could choose, but which is going to be best for you? Blogs are basically dead now because AI just answers questions directly. What about podcasts? I love them personally and I've actually hired probably five different consultants and coaches just because I listen to their shows. But the problem is they have pretty much zero discovery mechanism built in. No algorithm showing your episodes to new people and they don't really push your new episodes to existing listeners unless they've subscribed. You're just always kind of hoping someone randomly finds you. and vertical videos, you know, Tik Toks, real shorts. Sure, they can be really great for views, but stats have shown they almost never lead to clients or sales. So, what's left here that actually works? Long- form video. More specifically, 8 to 15 minute long YouTube videos. YouTube's different from all those other options. It's the second largest search engine in the world, which means people are actively looking for solutions to their problems there. The algorithm actually shows your videos to new people who've never heard of you before. Then if they watch one, they're usually going to show them another and another and another. And viewers who watch even just a few of your videos are pre-warming themselves to your expertise and to you as a human being. They're investing real time getting to know you and understanding how you think, seeing how you solve problems. And that's exactly the kind of thing you need to convert those viewers into actual money. on the other side of this. So, now that we know video works best, let's dive into step two, figuring out what kinds of videos to make. And I bring this up because there's usually a huge disconnect between the videos that businesses end up making and what their customers would actually watch. And I learned this lesson the hard way cuz when I started this YouTube channel like 8 years ago, I was a web designer just making videos to try to get new clients. So, I thought, let's make videos about web design trends. I mean, I was interested in that and I thought that potential clients would want to see how to make their websites look more modern and current and, you know, I thought they'd be into that. And honestly, I was getting pretty decent views and feeling like an expert sharing my knowledge with the world, right? Then, as I got more and more views, I started noticing little clues from the comments that I was getting on my videos. Turns out my viewers weren't business owners on their way to becoming my clients. They were other web designers looking for tips how to do their job better for their clients. And it's not just me who got this wrong. I've got a student in my YouTube program. She's a jewelry designer and she takes people's old antique jewelry and makes custom pieces out of them. So, when she came to me, she was making videos of things like her jewelry making process and even worse, jewelry repair tutorials. And it was pretty easy to spot why videos like that weren't translating into buyers for her jewelry. You know, her ideal customer doesn't want to watch metal being soldered for 20 minutes. They don't want to learn how to fix a clasp. Her audience was just kind of more into the style part of it. So, we just completely pivoted her content. So instead of those process videos, she started making style videos like how to pair vintage jewelry with modern fashion or how to layer antique necklaces, what different colored stones mean, stuff like that. Now viewers come for those style tips and somewhere along the way they say, >> "Ooh, I'd buy that." >> So it's all about finding the content direction with a lot of overlap between what you charge money for and what your ideal customer would be interested in watching. So, how do you find your real content direction? Here's my framework for that. So, first, the Xanax test. What is giving your ideal customer the most anxiety that you could take away for them? Not what you think they should care about. What actually makes them anxious? Second, look at the questions that they ask before hiring you, not after. Those pre-sale questions show you what they would be typing into the YouTube search bar. You know, the post sale questions, those are for your client portal, not for your YouTube channel. Third, study their vocabulary. This is huge. Your clients don't use your industry jargon. They don't necessarily know what conversion rate optimization means. They just know that their website sucks and nobody's buying their stuff. So, you'd be much better off making the video, how to fix your website so people buy, instead of how to increase your conversion rate. You could make a hundred perfect videos and still fail if you don't have the right content mix. There's a specific combination of content types that actually converts viewers into clients. And if you get this wrong, you'll either attract nobody or you'll attract a bunch of the wrong people. And either way, you don't get paid. So, let's break this down. I like to think of videos in terms of how zoomed in or zoomed out they are. Now, there are two basic Zoom levels that together are going to give you the best viewer mix. Zoomed in videos are super specific. They solve one defined problem. Like if you're a parenting coach, how to stop your toddler from throwing food at dinner. Or if you're a bookkeeper, how to categorize Venmo transactions in QuickBooks. A tennis instructor could do fix your serve toss in 5 minutes. You make enough videos like these and you're going to attract a good number of people who are searching for answers to specific issues. And these people are usually closer to being ready to pay somebody. Zoomed out videos cast a wider net. These are your broader overview topics. So that same parenting coach might create the ultimate guide to feeding your toddler. The bookkeeper makes setting up QuickBooks for your online business. The tennis instructor creates tennis fundamentals for beginners. These kind of videos attract people earlier in their journey, still kind of exploring, not sure what specific help they need yet. By creating those zoomed in and zoomed out videos, you're building a content library where different people can enter at different points based on where they are in their journey. The person who started with a specific problem might watch broader content later to fill in their gaps. Whereas the person who started broad might go on to find your specific videos as they learn more and their needs get clearer. Now, within these zoom levels, you can create all kinds of different video formats. Lists, how-tos, tutorials, comparisons, case studies. Any of these can be either zoomed in or zoomed out, right? A list video could be broad like 10 signs you need a bookkeeper or specific like five QuickBooks mistakes that trigger IRS audits. A how-to could be broad, like how to sleep train your toddler, or specific like how to handle the 18-month sleep regression. These utility videos, the how-tos, the lists, the tutorials, they're your workh horses. They're great for being found by new people because they literally search for this stuff. They type these exact problems into YouTube all day. But here's what separates the channels that just get views from the channels that get paid. As you grow, you need to add another type of video to the mix. Thought leadership is where you stop being just another person with helpful information and become the expert with actual wisdom. So instead of just how to manage your money, you make why everything you've been told about budgeting is wrong. Instead of five parenting tips, you create worried you're a bad parent, here's the truth. And instead of just another golf technique video, you share what 20 years of teaching golf taught me about failure. These kind of videos showcase your unique perspective, your experience, your controversial opinions. Anyone can ask AI for a quick answer, but if they want a true opinion from an expert that they trust, these videos prove that you're not just regurgitating what everyone else says, you actually know something they don't. So, when you're first starting out, I would focus 100% on utility content. Be helpful, solve problems, get found. But as you grow, you want to start ramping up toward about a 5050 mix of utility to thought leadership type videos. And I'd say somewhere around the six to nine month mark. So now it's time to get more specific and decide on the actual topics and titles of these videos. The old way of doing this was brutal. You had to have expensive tools, hours of manual research, or let's be real, you'd probably just be guessing about what might work, right? And take it from someone who's worked with hundreds of new YouTubers, even your best guesses are going to waste a lot of time. It's not your fault. It's just guessing is not the way to go here. But there is a way to know exactly what's going to work before you create anything. And it's not magic. It's AI that goes straight to YouTube's actual data. And the secret to making this work is turning on agent mode, which lets ChatGpt literally go to YouTube on its own virtual computer and just start typing things into the search bar to see how YouTube autocompletes that search phrase. Each of these autocompletes are real things that people search for on YouTube. So you just have to give it as much information as you can give it about your business, you know, like what services you provide, what problems you solve and tell it as much as you can about your ideal clients too. Then just ask it to give you 52 topic and title combos that your ideal clients would be searching for right now on YouTube at all stages of the buyer's journey. You know, zoomed in, zoomed out, and a good mix of how-tos, lists, and opinion-based thought leadership style videos. And I say 52 specifically because that's a video for every week of the year, right? And you could ask for even more and then you'd have some choices and you can make some cuts. That's up to you. Now, I do have a pretty amazing mega prompt that my team and I have literally put over a month into that does this perfectly. And that's only available inside my YouTube to clients academy experience program. So, if you're interested in that, the link is in the description below. But you can still do a version of this by just asking it for everything that we went over. And here's what this AI agent does that you'd have a really hard time doing manually. It finds videos that are actually succeeding in search right now. It balances competition levels so that you're not just going to lose out to the mega players in your niche. It makes sure that you have that perfect mix of video types that we talked about and it creates searchbased titles. And your output should just be two columns. Column one is the overall topic based on, you know, what people actually type into YouTube. Then column two is the actual list of titles that contain the search phrases, but you know, make them a little, let's say, spicier to make people actually want to click. You know, it doesn't have to be crazy, just something a little bit more interesting than a straightup keyword phrase. Most people think content takes forever because they don't really have any kind of system to speed it up. So, when I first started making YouTube videos, I was doing them one at a time, week by week, and I'd barely finish each one in time to publish them. Then, I got to start all over again on it the next week. It was really fun. I think I was spending like 2 or 3 days every week on that video, and some months have 5 weeks. So, I was spending like 8 to 12 days every month on videos. And I won't say it wasn't worth it, but after about a year doing it that way, I was like, you know what? I kind of hate doing all these separate pieces every week. And I really hated hauling out my camera and lights and completely tearing my office apart every week to record that one video. So, I was like, let's do four or five of these at a time, batching each separate task together. Like, I'd spend two days writing them all, then I'd record the next day, all four, then the next day I would edit all of them. So, when I did it that way, I got those same four videos done in under one week out of the month. I wasn't suddenly working harder or faster. I just stopped wasting time on task switching. And if you've never heard that phrase before, it's just where your brain takes about 30 minutes to fully settle into a new type of task to where you're, you know, really locked into it and being productive. So, when you're constantly switching, you know, your your mental power from brainstorming to writing to filming to editing, you're basically spending half your day just warming up. It's the same reason why when you sit down to work in the morning, you need a little bit of a warm-up before you're really in the zone. So, here's the weekly production schedule that changed everything for me back then. Just pick out one week of the month, and this is what that one week looks like. Monday, I'd plan out all four videos at once. topics, hooks, key points. You know, you want to include stories or experiences you've had that make your videos feel like, you know, you've lived it rather than just researched and regurgitated information. You should also start the thumbnail designs either in Canva yourself or now you can actually use AI thumbnail tools like pixels that do an amazing job uh with just a prompt. And you can even train these on your face so that you can be in your thumbnails. It's pretty sweet. Tuesday is writing day, but that's way easier now than when I was starting. Just use chat GBT or Claude to create outlines for all four of your videos based on your planning materials. Then have it write first drafts. Again, I'm in one mental mode all day here, writing and structuring. Wednesday is where you'd polish all the scripts. So, this is where I'd add in any extra stories or experiences and just tweak the writing so it sounds like me when I'm speaking casually to someone. And I'm in editing mode for everything at once. Fix what needs fixing, add what needs adding, all in one focus session. Thursday is shoot day. This is the big one. So all four of my videos get filmed in one session here. And it takes me about one or two hours now that I've got practice, but it might take you longer when you're new, and that's totally expected. And I love doing this all in one day now because I only have to get myself and my office camera ready once, set up the lighting once, get in the right mental space one time, then I just kind of ride that energy wave through all four videos. Friday, you can edit all four videos. Or if you have an editor, just ship all four with any editing notes you have. And by the way, I do recommend outsourcing your editing as soon as you can afford to. You can find really decent and affordable editors on places like Fiverr or Upwork for about 50 bucks a video. And if you can afford that, it's money well spent because you probably don't want or need to learn editing along with all these other new skills. And honestly, editing is the biggest thing here that you don't need to do yourself. You should be the one coming up with the content and you definitely should be the one on camera. This part doesn't really need you. Now, let's talk about step six. repurposing your videos for maximum mileage. But I got to be honest here, most repurposing is a complete waste of time unless you're really smart about it. You know, all the marketing gurus out there tell you to >> repurpose everything everywhere. >> Be omniresent. >> Every single platform, >> maximum exposure. >> So, I fell for all that and I hired a VA to create, you know, 30 Pinterest pins a day and another VA to cut Tik Tok and Instagram clips. months of work, thousands of pieces of content across every platform imaginable, and I got pretty much zero results. No clients, no course sales, nothing. So, here's what I learned there. Every minute you spend on low impact platforms is a minute not spent on the high impact stuff. So, here's my smart multiplication method. Yes, one video can become multiple pieces, but you've got to be strategic about where you repurpose. First, know where your best clients actually hang out outside of YouTube. Is what you talk about non-visual? Then it could probably easily become a podcast on Spotify and Apple. Are you more B2B? Your people are probably on LinkedIn, so maybe use AI to turn your video scripts into LinkedIn articles. Now, let's talk about short form video. And here's the honest truth. It's great for attention, not so great for conversions. But if you're in enough places with enough clips, some viewers are just naturally going to follow you back to your longs and eventually become customers. And what I really do like about short form is just how repurposable it actually is. Meaning you can put the same short clips pretty much everywhere. Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, even LinkedIn, even Pinterest of all places. And people will tell you that every platform, you know, has a bit of a different culture and the style is different from Tik Tok to Instagram to wherever, but that's much more about entertainment and trendbased videos. When you're just teaching tips, those little differences between platforms really don't matter that much. So, if you're going to do short form, your goal should be to automate it as much as you possibly can. So, use an AI tool like Opus Clip to automatically find the best clips for you. you know, the ones that make sense without any additional context and then just publish those everywhere. And there are even AI agents that you can set up that'll do all of this for you behind the scenes. It's a little more advanced, but you can probably find out how to do it on YouTube. Just set it up once and let it run. But how do you actually make your weekly videos with as little effort as possible while still bringing in big-time results? Well, this next video is going to show you exactly how loweffort content is absolutely blowing up businesses right now and what to focus on the most so that your videos bring in business but don't burn you out in the process. So, click right here and I'll show you the exact method that works. See you there in a second.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lisabrickh [8 likes]: How does this translate to B2B? I conduct custom qualitative market research. Serving clients ‘how I do this’ is not helpful because they are not going to execute this themselves. Do I just show them how I come up with a strategy for answering their questions?
  2. @WesMcDowellInc [2 likes]: 🎬 Register for the FREE On-demand video masterclass training, "How to Attract Unlimited Clients From YouTube" Just go to: https://wesmcdowell.com/utm/youtube01
  3. @LauraSilversteinLCSW [2 likes]: Thanks for this Wes! Question about blogs . . . I've heard conflicting advice on this. I've heard the suggestion to write blogs designed to rank for chatgpt to answer specific questions so that they quote responses and valid websites. (for context I run a group psychotherapy practice brick and mortar business and have been writing blogs such as "where to find qualified couples therapists near philadelphia") When you say blogs are dead, do you think this applies to people in my situation as well? TIA!
  4. @market-itwithshivam-gy3sz [1 likes]: Thanks Wes
  5. @MiniStoriesKids [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @HealNoMeds [1 likes]: Hi Wes, so i just heard YT is deleting channels, is that true? and what should we be aware of?
  7. @PoetWoodsAI [1 likes]: 💯🙏🏾💪🏾🔥
  8. @FactTopSecrets [1 likes]: 👍 Amazing work – keep it up!
  9. @Write-Here-Write-Now [1 likes]: Hi Wes, what’s your take on using books as a cornerstone for anchoring key messages? I’ve been investing in books to build an audience from scratch, but the growth is slow. I’m curious: for someone who already has a sizable audience like yours, do you see a book as a high-leverage content piece or more of a vanity project?
  10. @SaltyRoast: Unfortunately all 52 searches would look like : "Cheap photographer near me" or "why is photography so expensive". Hard to be a thought leader when everyone already hates your industry,
  11. @MorrisFilmPhoto: Great⭐️Thanks for Clrar Content on how to Speed Up the/any process 👋
  12. @JoydipMandal-w3y: this is super helpful, thanks for sharing
  13. @SahilPradhani-r1y: this is actually super helpful, thanks!
  14. @Abdulsalam-i8g5b: wow this makes content planning seem less scary
  15. @corriejansenvanvuuren1307: who knew planning could be this easy
  16. @deeputripathi8687: wow i need to try this method
  17. @villageboy9991: this is super helpful, thanks for sharing
  18. @NarhaMonteroLorenzo: def gonna try out some of these ideas
  19. @anuwarAnuwar-bh1ql: been struggling with content ideas lol
  20. @horizonmediamanagement5225: OpusClip is a great tool to breakdown long form YouTube videos into shorter clips for social media and yt shorts

- Alex Hormozi's Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Alex Hormozi runs a portfolio of companies that drives over $200 million per year. And whether you agree with everything the guy says or not, his Facebook ad strategy is something that should be studied. Because the principles that he teaches and executes behind the scenes are the same ones that you should be applying to your Facebook ad strategy in 2026. The strategies that I'm going to break down in this video are the same strategies that we're applying for the over 100 brands that we work with right now at The Moonlight Ers. And while Alex Hormozi has thousands of videos, nearly impossible to watch them all, over the last month me and my team have deduced down these principles to three core strategies that you can follow. >> If you have a chick in the ad, you'll get more chicks. If you've got a black dude in the ads, you'll get more black dudes. If you got old guy, you'll get more old guys. If you talk about Christian stuff with a cross behind, you'll get more Christian people. So, just make sure that your message matches the prospect that you're trying to reach. Who you actually talk about in your ad has a direct relationship to who the ad is shown to. You don't need to focus on targeting as much as you used to. You need to focus on the content that you create to target the avatar for you. >> And so, it really should be more than ever value per second, and then with an extra slice of avatar. And what Andromeda did was amazing and terrible at the same time. So, it was amazing for consumers, it was amazing for advertisers, but it's a double-edged sword. And so, what Andromeda basically did was, how can we make the news feed as valuable as possible, which is always what Meta's going to try and optimize for, right? You'll notice that more and more ads are niche specific in general, right? And so, it's like it's sub-segmented down. So, if you have a plumber who's, you know, wearing his plumber stuff, doing plumber things, and you're talking about plumbing stuff, it's going to get shown to plumbers, right? Now, the upside is, because the targeting gotten so much better, your cost per result is going down. So, effectively what Alex is talking about is right on my screen here. Facebook ads used to work in a way where you would have your audience and then create a bunch of ads for that audience, even targeting that audience specifically through interest-based targeting. It then shifted to a concept/avatar focused algorithm. The concept itself matches to the audience. Another way to think about this is you have an avatar and a template or an angle that actually creates the concept that matches to the audience. So, when you call out the specific avatar, it targets the audience directly. Put into actual practice, you might have an example like this where you have two different marketing angles from the same brand targeting completely different avatars. One that's for better poop, better digestion, and the other one that is for keeping your hair thick and full. Totally separate problems solution from the same exact product. And so, I'm a part of Alex Hormozi's private group for $1 million plus business owners. And I posted my full take on Andromeda. And before I break this down, which I will in a second, note that the man himself replied and gave me the stamp of approval. So, just like Hormozi mentioned, Andromeda is the for you algorithm. The algo curates content to specific people, which are avatars. Those avatars are specific people that your ad is for. Every avatar has a problem and your product is the solution. So, your job to beat this algorithm is to define your problems, define your mechanism, which is why your product works, and then build concepts which are avatars and templates put together, and then eventually create iterations on the best performing ads. Here's what Hormozi has to say about iterations. >> Who's running ads to their stuff? Can I get a hands real quick? Okay, so about half of you. You obviously you probably already seen this. You need to make way more ads than you did before and you have to do way more segmented in your audiences in terms of your call outs and your messaging than you did before. So, if you have instead of making one ad for plumbers, make 10 ads with slightly different slices of plumbing. Like you want to get as niche as you possibly can cuz your cost per result is going to go down, which is a good thing, but you're going to have to burn through more of it, but that's the nature of the game now. So, precisely what Hormozi is saying is you find an angle, you find an avatar, and then you go deep on that avatar. So, you go horizontal first, and then you go very deep on that one thing that really works. These are called iterations, and we can see that right here through Groom's. Just in the example I gave you before, when we look at healthy hair, right? This is an ad angle targeting a very specific avatar, and then we have a bunch of different iterations. So, for example, we have male and female, similar assets. Then we just have a bunch of different angles showing more and more proof, and if you go into the Groom's ad library, you'll see thousands, literally thousands of ads targeting these specific angles. And the way that advertising is moving in general, it's going to be about hyper-personalization. So, with AI, you can create way more permutations much faster, and so I think we're going to have personalization at scale, and that's 2026. So, let's break this down another way and why this is important. I'm going to show you some numbers here as well, because this is going to tie a lot together. Basically, when you have different concepts, those match to audiences. We can call these concepts, we can call these avatars, we can call these angles, it's all relatively the same thing for the sake of this conversation. And let's say one of your ads that you created was from Nike, and it was a pair of shoes. If you figure out that this ad in particular works very well, your job is then to create a bunch of different iterations of this ad. It doesn't mean you just take the same shoe and you slap a different headline on top of it, but it does mean that this angle, maybe the shoe, maybe the style, maybe the tone, something works about it, you need to go deeper on it. The second thing that we need to understand is that when we actually look at the ad accounts performance, things are going to differ based on different avatars. For example, some angles {slash} avatars are going to be more scalable than others. Now, old school Facebook would favor the highest return on ad spend, but then your results would fall off a cliff. So, what winds up happening in new school Andromeda era Facebook is that each angle drives different performance. So, let's just say number one up here can spend $100 a day at a 5x return on ad spend. This angle as a whole could spend 100 bucks at a 5x. Number two could spend $1,000, and it could do so at a 4x. Number three could spend 10k a day, but it can only do so at a two. And the number three and the bottom one down here could spend $500 a day, and it could do so at a 3.5. Now, your gut is naturally going to be to say, I want to spend all my money on the $100 at a 5x. Of course, like we want that. We do want higher returns generally speaking. But what is actually relevant for the business today is to understand that each of these are exclusive from one another. So this angle here are not interfering with this angle here or this angle here. These are separate because everything is broken by avatar. So instead, as long as the angle or the avatar or the concept as a whole, as a collective, are driving above your return efficiency metric that you need. Like if it's ROAS, you need a 2x ROAS or higher. As long as it's driving above that efficiency metric, then you keep it active, you keep it running. So we could stack angles, we could stack avatars. That's exactly what Groom's does. You could look at any major retailers ad account right now, is exactly what they're doing. Now, you've probably realized you need to create a lot of creative in order to scale, find different avatars, and ultimately keep your efficiencies relatively stable. You could keep your account stable, meaning not spend with a low amount of ads, but if you really want to scale, you need more creative. So here's one of the ways Alex Hormozi is actually taking his organic content and turning it into ads. >> We pump out 450 pieces or whatever it is of content per week. And you know what's really cool, is the algorithm will just tell you which of these are the best and most interesting. And so then what we do is we take those things and then just run them as ads. Take the ad or take the content and then just just literally put an overlay. Just put a banner that says like click to grab a thing like it people get it. If the thing was good, they're like, that was good. I'll take the action that the bad platform, you know, allows me to take right now. So this is a typical creative flywheel. This is what we implement for most of the brands that we work with. And this is what Alex Hormozi recommends to do. He He recommends to short line the creative process instead of looking at your winning ads and your competitors winning ads to create new ads. You also, in addition, take your organic winners and just drop them right into your ad account, wait, analyze, and then cook up more winners. So, the whole process now changes a little bit. You go from looking at your competitors, looking at your winning ads, creating ads from those, waiting, analyzing, and then having the cycle repeat, repeat, repeat to inserting organic winners in the process as well. And the cool part about organic winners is that they're already semi-proven. Now, don't forget to get a little advance on stuff like this. Use minimums and maximums to make sure that every ad gets adequate testing spend. And don't allow organic viral content to take up too much of your ad account spend that's not actually driving the return that you need. By the way, if you're finding this valuable, let me know in the comments below which of these strategies you're going to implement first. I read all the comments and I'll try to reply with some strategic advice as well. Okay, now you've got the framework. You understand the core principles that Alex Hormozi is following to actually build out his businesses for his massive portfolio company. But knowing the philosophies is just a fraction of the battle. Now, you need to implement these strategies. So, if you want to see the full robust setup that we use here at The Moon Lighters that we call the M4 method for actually setting up your campaign structure, going through creative strategy, and everything in between, click on this video right here to go through everything A to Z. That is all for today's video. As always, let me know if you got value out of this and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marcelo.kovasc [2 likes]: Sam Piliero? Don’t you think it’s complicated to manage a brand like Gruns that tries to solve multiple problems rather than just one? What’s your take on this—would you create a brand to solve a single problem for a single target audience?
  2. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l166
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l166
  3. @raymondoo0209 [1 likes]: so avatar is just persona
  4. @guillerebo8520 [1 likes]: I was pooping and I stood up to clap at this sauce
  5. @mohamed.abdelnasser.official [1 likes]: Hi Sam, Thanks for your great content! I have a question: I have various SKUs with different prices and margins, and I need to focus my ads on specific products based on stock levels and profitability. How can I apply your suggested structure in this case? Your structure means 1 campaign with X ad sets and X ads with different angles
  6. @klickbeastppc [1 likes]: If you were running a small budget like $100/day would you cram all of these ads into one ad set? I don’t have the budget to get more than one out of learning right now.
  7. @Maneeez: Hey Sam, Quick question from someone executing this in the trenches: When it comes to signing new Ecom clients today, what is your #1 advice? Is doubling down on LinkedIn and building a personal brand the play, or is there a sharper acquisition lever you'd recommend to scale fast and with control?

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- The NEW Meta Ads Strategy That Scales (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running meta ads are still operating on strategy that stopped working a few years ago and their numbers are showing, but they still can't figure out why. Now, I've created thousands of ad creatives and scaled brands past 1 million per month with meta ads. And whenever I audited and compared brand that is struggling to scale or plateauing versus a brand that's scaling really, really fast, the main differences I see is adaptation to the new algorithm as well as creative testing strategy. So, I want to show you what the actual strategy is that is currently performing on meta and scaling brands. Before I do that, I want to quickly cover common myths that prevent brands from scaling because those strategies have been working years ago, but they are not working now past the end of the meta update. Now, myth number one is the creative volume. Many brands misunderstand the end of the update and think, "Okay, the end of the update is about creative volume. Now, you got to run more and more ads. And to even have a chance of performance, you need to launch way more ads." Now, this is a misconception that's commonly spread, but the truth is far from it. If you're testing 30 or even 50 [music] ads per week, but you can't tell exactly why your winning ads are winning. Is it the hook? Is it the ad style? Is it the pain point mentioned there? Is it some emotional triggers? Is it the persona that you're targeting there? Is it the awareness level of the ad? If you can't name exactly what's working there and why, you're just wasting resources on your high creative volume. Because in the end, if you prioritize high creative testing volume, but you are not sure why they perform, you don't have a framework to analyze them, you don't have a framework to derive learnings from the winners, but also from the losers to inform your next ideation and to actually improve your hit rate, then you're really just guessing on a high budget. And you might get some winners like that, but then the next month, it's again up to luck. And if you want predictable scale every single month, you want to rely on luck as little as possible. This is why a proper creative system is important. If you're currently running such a high volume that you think it's impossible for one person to go through all your ads and really analyze what's working and what's not and why and make hypotheses about that >> [music] >> and then take this information and feed it into your next ideation, that is a sign for the fact that you're running way too many ad creatives. If you're in this position, you want to reduce your creative volume. You won't hear this advice often, but if you reduce your creative volume, you are actually able to analyze exactly why your winners are winning, why your losers are losing, what you should avoid in your next ad creation, and what you should make more of. This will give you direction in the next ad creation, and you will exactly know what kind of ads to make to have a high hit rate, to get more winning ads, and [music] ultimately that's the goal. Not having as many ads tested as possible, having as many winning ads as possible. And often the solution is not to increase your creative volume even further when you already have no clue what you're doing, but instead reduce creative volume so you have an overview of what you're doing. And from there you can ramp up volume slowly. To prove this point, let's just do some quick maths. I know many brands are testing 30 or 50 ads per week. Let's take 30 ads per week. Now, let's say you're incapable of analyzing all of them and making clear hypotheses for them. So, that will obviously affect your hit rate, and let's say that because of that approximately 5% of all your ads are winning ads. Now, if you're testing 30 ads per week, that means that 1.5 ads of those will turn out to be winning ads that can actually scale your brand. Now, if you also have one or two ads burn out every single uh week, you're stagnating. If you have three ads burning out every single week, then you're actually scaling down. Let's take this and compare this to someone who's only testing 10 ads per week. All those are all highly intentional, you know exactly what you're testing and why. You analyze them, and you feed this into your next ad creation. This is exactly my approach when testing ads, and this allows me to have a hit rate of 20 to 40% on most brands we work on. So, if we just assume a hit rate of 30% 10 ads, [music] that gives us three winning ads per week. You can see even though brand A is testing three eggs the amount of ads, brand B with only 10 ads per week has a double amount of winners per week and scales faster. And this is really something you want to dial in because as long as you're just testing as many ads as possible, hoping that something hits, as long as you're doing that, you're just gambling and hoping something will improve. And this might work for a while, but if you want predictable growth, you need to switch from that system to a system of intentionality, where you know exactly who you target, why you target them, and what the next steps are based on your learnings. So, the second big misconception is audience targeting. It worked quite well many years ago, like 2018. It's almost 10 years ago if I think about it. But basically, the way you utilize this is you find a winning ad, then you just put this winning ad into new ad sets. You duplicate the ad set, you change the audience, you set some new interest tags, or you [music] test a specific audience, or maybe a look-alike, a custom audience. And then, if you're lucky, this is a new audience that the creative will go out to. And because the ad is already proven and now shown to another audience that also converts, [music] you get more scale in the ad accounts. Now, this strategy is completely dead. And the brands [music] that still rely on that are really just focusing their resources on the wrong thing. If you're struggling to scale, it's it's not about the settings you're using to launch your ads in 98% of all cases. It's really as simple as launching your ads on a broad audience. The Facebook algorithm will take your ad, and then it will just match with the people that naturally resonate with it. Just think of it like an organic post. If you post organically, do you set interest tags? Do you set look-alikes? You do none of that. Still, there are videos that are getting millions of views. Why is that the case? Well, it's the case because Meta is simply looking Okay, what's the message of this video? How is it packaged? Okay, [music] this video appeals to women that are like 25 to 35, have a child, and [music] don't have enough time for their life, let's say, right? Okay, so we match this video with exactly this audience. It's >> as simple as that. And if you're thinking oh, you can media buy hack some special audiences and unlock them, it's simply false. It was a strategy many years ago, now it's not. So, if your ads are not scaling, it's not about what settings should I change, it's about what ads can I make that will actually scale. I want you to take this as the second big lesson from this video. Just laser into your brain the ad creative does the targeting. [music] It's not the ad settings, it's the ad creative. It's what you say on the ad creative. So, if you want to appeal to an elderly audience, you just call out whatever their concern is. If [music] you want to appeal to Gen Z, you just call out whatever their concerns, and you package that into formats that resonate with them. So, for example, for an older audience, a newsletter style ad might work well. For a younger audience, a Yuppie ad might work well. As with every test you run, you want to be sure who you target, and you want to use very specific language that targets exactly those people, and that way you scale. Not by taking the proven message and just launching it with different settings. In fact, that's even counterproductive. But, instead, if you have an ad that appeals to a female audience, and now you want to take the same angle and also sell [music] to men, then you simply do not change the setting to men, but instead, you just use a message that resonates with men, and recreate the ad. All right, misconception number three is something that became big since the Andromeda update, and again, this is a misunderstanding of the update, just like with the creative volume. People get told something like with the audience targeting, "Oh, Meta is actually very smart. It figures it out by itself. So, just set the audience to broad." [music] But, some people take this too literal. They take all their ads, and they say, [music] "Meta will figure it out." And they put everything into one ad set, and then they're just hoping and praying. Again, this is not what the update was about. Yes, Meta will figure out the right audience for you, but it's not a free ticket to launch random ads into one ad set and just hope and pray that something will hit. If you want to do that, the casino's a better place to do so. Instead, you want to utilize ad sets to support you deriving learnings from your ad. This is where actual split testing strategy comes into play. I'm sure you're aware that any concept you prepare, you have different ways of executing it. And this is exactly what you should do here. Instead of launching your ads just randomly into one ad set, you want to utilize ad sets to structure a split test of your idea. So, if you have a specific idea, so let's say you want to test a fondue style ad, then film three different hooks that go into three different angles or resonate with three different audiences that you think will get [music] hooked and watch this video, and execute the rest of the ad the same way, and launch all of those in just one ad set. Now, if you run them, Meta will spend on one of them the most budget, not on all of them. And this will tell you, "Hey, this angle, this hook is actually resonating with your audience the most." And what's genius about this is that your ad doesn't even need to be a winning ad. It can be a losing ad, but because you know, "Oh, like most of the budget goes to version A," you know that this resonates most with your audience. So, you know that in your next ideation, you should go into that direction. And this is what people mean by Meta is smart. Not just throw everything into one ad set and just turn off your brain, but if Meta prefers one ad, then this ad is very likely resonating. And you should do more with this angle. You should do more with this audience. You should do more with this kind of ad format. Now, if you're still not sure how such a split testing version would look like, this is how it looks like. Here we have a video for the drain fly killing product, but the hooks go into three different angles. One is problem agitation, one is failed solutions, and the third one is the limiting belief angle. I'll just play the video so you get an idea. >> Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after you've deep cleaned the kitchen? Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up deep inside your pipes. Even if you scrub your kitchen spotless, they're going to keep coming back because you're not removing the breeding ground. And homemade hacks, like boiling water, vinegar, baking soda, they only work on the surface. That sludge stays trapped. The flies keep breeding and suddenly they're everywhere. That's where >> It's fast [music] act. So, this is how the ad works overall. Then, of course, we have USB, CTA, and so on. But, the hook goes into problem identification. If you remember, it was about deep cleaning the kitchen and the flies are still coming back. Now, the second video is about failed solutions. >> Boiling water, vinegar, bleach, none of it works to get rid of the pesky flies in your kitchen and bathroom. And here's why. Drain flies breed in the organic >> If you already remember, it continues in the same way, right? And then, the third version going into false beliefs. >> Those annoying little flies buzzing around your kitchen, they're not coming from your trash or fruit basket. They're living inside your pipes. Drain flies breed in >> And then, it continues in the same way. So, this is an example of such a split test, and you want to run one split test in each ad set. This way, you can derive learnings and then feed it into your next ideation. Very, very crucial. This is literally what ad sets are for right now. Otherwise, if you just run everything in one ad set and literally put everything in there, why even have ad sets? It would make sense only have a campaign and ads inside, and why even have ad sets? But, this is exactly what ad sets are for, so use them. For the next common misconception since Andromeda is creative diverse. People say, "Oh, now you need creative diversity." So, brands go and search for people that can film them podcast style ads, street interview ads. They search for static ad AI agencies, or maybe they build their own static creative system. They try to collect all those different creative formats. Now, technically speaking, yes, this is exactly what you should do for Andromeda. But, the problem is that while you try to collect all of them, most of the time they get produced by different people. They don't communicate enough, and then you have a very different message in all of them. And you need to understand that every person who converts on maybe people who convert, they don't convert after seeing the first ad. They watch maybe one, two, three, four ads, and then they convert. And if you have different ad formats that are inconsistent in their messaging [music] and the angle. It will go to completely different people and you don't really have a well-working funnel, right? A well-working funnel is when you have one educational top of funnel ad. Then they go and watch a raw testimonial video, which builds trust. And then they see an offer ad. And then they buy, right? So, they go through the whole journey, top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. This is exactly what your funnel should look like and this is why creative diversity is important. But, the key part about it is that you shouldn't just have as many ads as possible, as many different and diverse ads as possible, but they should all be consistent and well-engineered, basically like propaganda. Countries have huge budgets that brands can only dream of to create propaganda. And how do they convey this propaganda? They have different formats. They have different channels. They use TV. They use newsletters. They use independent creators that post on Twitter and Instagram. And this is their full funnel approach. This is how they convince you of a thing that's maybe not true. Well, now we don't have as huge budgets, but if you actually run a proper brand, our benefit is that it is actually true what we are saying and we just need to plan out a good funnel structure. So, you should have street interview ads, podcast-style ads, raw talking ads, UGC ads, AI ads, but they should be all consistent in their messaging. You should be thinking, "Okay, first the first person will see this video, then this, then this, then they will convert." Of course, you can't really predict what will happen, but a good approach is that whenever you find a winning core message, right? And again, this is why it's crucial that you actually analyze your ads and make hypotheses about why they're performing. As soon as you find a winning >> core message, you want to take this message and repackage it into multiple different formats. So, if you have, for example, an ad calling out cheap competitors and that's a static ad and it says, "Beware of imitations" and there's the headline, and then you go through three bullet points what your competitors don't have and what you do better, and that's the reason why they should go for your product, then next make a video about it. Make a mashup video where you literally use the same headline as the hook and then go through the three bullet points like a listical style ad. And that ad is so likely to perform, you can't believe it. We have a hit rate of more than 50% on such ads. And that is what is meant by creative diversity. So, once you analyze exactly what is working, right? Let's say the core message is the working thing. Then you repackage it into many different formats. If you analyze and find, "Huh, this format is the working variable, actually. This is what boosts the core message." Then just go and prepare this format for all other angles that are also performing. And this is how you actually create consistent creative diversity that enriches the funnel and doesn't work against each other. And now, another big misconception that links actually directly to this creative diversity thing is AI ads. Many people think that, "Oh, AI ads are performing so well. I just should leverage them. Or they are so cheap. Now, the future is to only pump out AI ads." That's actually not quite true. AI ads is just one of the formats that is performing well, and it is a new format. So, if you take your core message that is proven >> and package it into a 3D character animation AI ad, it's very likely to perform because it's very entertaining. It has a proven message, and it is a new format. So, this new format will find its new audience and convert those people. This is how the Android update works. Now, is the reason that they perform that it is an AI ad? Well, maybe partially because it's kind of entertaining, but the core thing is still the message. And AI ads are just another format. So, yes, have AI ads. It's one format, but don't ever think, "Oh, no, it's all about AI ads. Now, I can go full in. Now, I can fire all my content creators." No, that's not true. It's just one ad type. It's just one format. [music] So, you want to definitely leverage them as well, but don't rely on them. So, those are the things you want to be focusing on since the Android update. This is the strategy that works, and that we are literally using right now to scale multiple brands past 1 million per month, and some of them close to 3 and 4 million per month. You want to set up one main campaign, have multiple ad sets, and each ad set represents one split test of a specific hypothesis that you thought of before and set up to split test a specific thing. You launch them on broad targeting. You don't set any audience crap. You derive learnings from every single ad set >> and as soon as you find something winning, you take it and repackage it into as many ad formats as possible. This is literally the game plan. There's no other secret, no other no other secret setting, no other audience that will scale only this executed very well and at a high level. Now, if you want me to go and execute this for your brand, click the first link in the description. This is exactly what I do for brands that want to scale to seven or eight figures. But also, if you yourself want to learn more about what changes and revenue that brought with it and how exactly you should be running those split tests that I mentioned in this video, check out this video. I've explained it there in even more detail. Keep scaling. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wumiii-z4l: Would love to see more videos from you on how to create winning ads using AI

- My ENTIRE Plan To Make $30M in 2026 (Copy + Paste Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here and in this video I'm going to show you how I plan to make $30 million a year from my info business. Now, this is a little different to the usual videos that I make because I'm going to talk about my company and how I monetize my audience and my customers to make more money and basically make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of profit. And so, what I'm going to do in this video is basically walk you through the products that I'm selling. I know this is going to seem like a pitch or it's going to seem like some sort of sales pitch, but really what I want to do is walk you through how I've restructured my entire company around my product suite and how that's basically helping me double if not really triple my business in 2026. Let me explain. So, the real problem faced by most online digital businesses these days, whether it's selling agency services, information, or any other sort of make money online service-based business, is the fact that customers are getting very, very difficult to acquire. and it's still not impossible to acquire customers. But the reason behind this is because the market is losing a lot of trust. Um, testimonials don't really have as much weight as they used to anymore. And guarantees also don't have as much weight as they used to anymore. And that's because a lot of people with guarantees and testimonials have ripped a lot of people off and ran for the hills. And so what are we left with? Like if if trust if trust makes it really hard to acquire a client, if testimonials are getting harder to work with, and if um if guarantees aren't really as effective anymore, then we're really only left with one thing, and that thing is value. Because, you know, if you can deliver value to someone, then you don't really necessarily have to have a guarantee. You don't really need to have testimonials because they are the testimonial. And also, you do not need to worry about um trust because you can add value. And so the question becomes, well, how do I add value without adding a customer? And my answer to this question for my business specifically, and bear in mind this is only because I want to go to multi figures. If you're starting, you do not need to do this. But what I've done is I've launched a free course. And in this free course, basically what I do is walk people through how to start an agency or coaching or consulting business. Okay? It's how to start a business from scratch. And by doing this, this is now my primary main funnel for my product because I've I've come to the conclusion having been in this space for honestly nearly 10 years now in the agency consulting space for 10 years that the people who acquire the most trust are the people that add the most value. And then the the new the new the new commodity for conversion is trust. It used to be the the fact that the person who had the most testimonials got the most clients or the person who had the most outlandish guarantee got the most clients or the person who straight up just like had the best reputation got the most clients. The reputation thing still counts for a lot, but let me let me put something into perspective for you. I um I've been running ads for three years. I've been spending millions of dollars on ads every year. And I have more testimonials than anybody else in the market. I have better guarantees and better social proof and better case studies. I have hundreds of client interviews. I have an insane reputation for results and the business is is sound and we get we we got a lot of trust in the market, right? The reputation is solid. 900 trust perviews, you name it. And for us, what we've observed slowly over the course of the last couple of years is a gradual rise in cost per booking, cost per show, and cost per acquisition. And this isn't necessarily for any fault of our own because everybody else in this space is also experiencing the same thing. What this is called is market maturity. And I think I think my I'm putting all my bets on the only way to resolve this and for me to effectively monopolize this entire industry is value. And so what I've done and I I I saw this coming about 18 months ago. Honestly two years ago I started seeing it before everyone was talking about these things. And I sp I set to work on building a completely free program which by the way is available in the link in the description. And what we basically do in this program is walk people through a six week process with extremely long detailed videos on how to start a business. And what we've already seen, this thing's been live for a few days and we've already had two sales come in. We probably made like 15k from these sales and stuff like that. And so this is a massive trust builder because it adds so much value. And what a lot of people do with free courses and the mistake people make is they make a free course, but it's just some shiny object that they don't plan on building or growing. This thing is an evergreen program that I can milk for five plus years. Nothing about this is going to change. The principles are the same. And I spent a year of my life building this which means that I can generate so much trust with the market. My plan is to literally have a million people go through this thing in our space. That's basically everyone in this industry. And if I can introduce a million people to the agency coaching consulting game or take everyone in the agency coaching consulting game and put them through this program or at least have them experience the value of it that positions me, my company, my products and my offers on a pedestal that cannot be beaten. This is how I've monopolized or will essentially will probably monopolize my industry because it in order to beat me now someone has to produce a better program for the bisop barrier to entry low-level thing and they have to make it cheaper and they can't make it cheaper because this is free and they can't make it better because I literally spent 14 months building this. I I I I nearly hospitalized myself with the amount of burnout I experienced from from getting this done in a year. And you might be thinking how the hell does it take a year to build a course? is when you're making 5 hour videos on discipline that literally this this video alone for example took me a month like you can you can kind of see the the theme here the quality the depth and so basically the reason that I've done this and the reason this at the beginning is is one of the keys to me hitting $30 million a year is because everyone else in the space right now [clears throat] is looking at this and thinking no I'm out compete with this and that's exactly what you want and the reason I made this program free and the reason I made it better than everything else out there. Like you could take the value from every other free course or every other low-level 997 course combined and it still wouldn't beat this. And so this is now my mo and this is the first step in my plan to monopolize this industry and effectively make $30 million a year by selling information to agency owners coach consultants on how to get clients. So that's step number one and we've already got 10,000 people in here. It's spreading like wildfire. Um and you can only imagine the reaction of the market is like why the hell is this free? And the answer is pretty clear. I've just given it to you, right? And so, yeah, that's that's step number one. Now, what I've also done is in conjunction with building the free program, I've also built three new products as well. So, what I used to do is I used to run all of my traffic through to something called EasyGrow, which was my initial sort of a lot of you will be familiar with this. It was my initial program that taught agency owners, coach consultants how to systemize client acquisition. We've revamped EasyGrow into something that is more AI based and more organic based. And it's easy 2.0. And what we're doing, and by the way, I'm not trying to hard pitch you here. I'm just telling you my strategy, right? And I know it feels like a pitch, but I couldn't give two shits if you click a link or not. You don't. I don't care. But what Easy Grow 2.0 basically is is it's a program again, but what it is is it's focused specifically on organic client acquisition with advanced sales strategies utilizing AI. And so what I've done in Imperium Academy, and I'll be transparent with you here, is we've got a module on how to book appointments. And this appointment booking training is still more detailed and still more thorough than anything else you'd find that's free or $997 if that makes sense. However, these systems, they will get you so far. They'll help you get a client or two. They help you sort of, you know, build build some systems to get some clients in the door. But what I've naturally done by taking people through a six week pro process, show them how to get their first couple of clients is once you get a client or two, you're hooked. You want more. And so that's why Easy Grow is where it is, which is then positioned as one up above the academy. It's like, hey, you've used this free course, you've got a couple of clients, you've got a few thousand dollars coming in a month now. Now it's time to level up and grow up, right? And that's what Easy Grow 2.0 is basically for. And so Easy Grow 2.0 is continuously referred to throughout the academy. In fact, in the introduction video of the academy, I literally say, and we can see if we can find this here. Um, I literally say in the introduction video, um, why it's free and what I want people to buy, why I want people to buy Easy Grow, right? And so, everyone in in there isn't complaining that I'm pitching them because I've told them I'm going to. And so, every video in the academy is obviously directly CTA to an easy growth funnel. And, you know, we're already booking a ton of calls and it's been it's been week one, so it's already working. So that's easy grow and what then happens and this is what I've realized is getting a customer these days right getting just one customer is getting trickier and so what that means is growing a business in this space is not about acquiring more customers because look the simple the simple math here is very straightforward it's far easier to like instead of adding one customer it's just easy to multiply how much that customer is worth and so like I'm I'm at the point now where I've signed consistently about, you know, 100 clients a month, give or take 80 clients a month, 90 clients a month, 110 clients a month for a long time. And, you know, that has given me a sort of 800k, you know, to 900k a month um cash collected, like revenue rate for the business. And it's dipped and it's it's peaked in it trough, but we've been in that sort of 8 figure mark for a while. And initially, when I was planning to grow my business, I was looking at basically I want to double my business. I want to triple my business. So, I was looking at how do I get 200 customers a month? How do I get 300 customers a month? And to do this, the math of how much you have to spend on ads, it doesn't make sense. It doesn't work out. You get this diminishing returns kick in. Your frequency on ad spend spikes. You can't build setting infrastructure that's strong enough to support that because you have to manage like a 30man team. It's crazy. I've tried it. And so what I realized is that if I want to go from let's just say 1 mil a month to 3 mil a month and those that's that's my goal. I don't do this by getting three times the customers. Okay? What I do is I do it by adding by by getting three times the worth per customer. Okay. And so this is why I revamped EasyGrow 2.0. But then what I've also done is add two more products to the suite which work in a ladder format. And so the the one app from from Easy Grow is called Acquisition Nana. So Easy Grow is again what I've done here and I've realized that to get to multiate figures in this in this space specifically, you need to have something to sell at every level. And so if someone wants to work with me, they can do it if they're a beginner, they can do it if they're intermediate, they can do it if they're advanced, and they can do it if want if they're really great in their niche, right? And so what Acquisition Nana basically is is it's a step up from easy. And in Acquisition Nana, what we do is we talk about how to build an info business and scale out of done for you and scale out of one-on-one coaching. I then show them how to build appointment setting teams and sales teams to remove themselves from the front-end acquisition. Then we're talking about how to run ads and how to scale with ads and also how to systemize service delivery for agencies. And so again, you can sort of see how if someone hops on a sales call for me, like initially what we did is we only had the option to sell them one thing. And so we were we were basically for a year or two just putting like, you know, the the phrase we used in the company is square pegs in round holes. We were putting people into Easy Grow who would have got value from Easy Grow and who Easy Grow would have helped, but it would have been way better if we segregated the products as we've done now and have different sales arguments at different levels of of competency for the person we're talking to. And it's been really helpful. And so we have this and you know acquisition Nana is constantly call to actioned throughout easy and you know the sales team, the setters, everyone's on top of clients like hey do you want to upsell? Do you want to upsell? And again it's crucial you understand that the upsell game and the the game of getting people to buy the next thing only works if your first product works. You can't upsell people off of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which is why Imperium Academy had to be the best thing in the world at what it does, which is helping people start a business. There there is no and and you won't see this now because we've only got 10,000 people in here, but by the end of next year, 2026, mark my words, this will be the largest community ever to have been made, the largest thing anyone's ever done on how to start a business. It will be bigger than anything. And that's because the market will will gravitate towards value as opposed to shiny. I'm not going to market this with a Lamborghini. I'm not going to market it with a Rolex. I'm not going to market it with a Dubai lifestyle or a vlog. I'm just going to make valuable videos and send people through to the value and the market will take care of the rest. And that's the best strategy to win. And so, you know, we have these um these products. And so, Action Nana, they upsell to there. And this is basically how if I can get a bunch of people who buy Easy Grow to then buy Action Nana, I effectively double how much each customer is worth to me. And so, instead of having to sign double the customers, I just sell them twice. It's way easier to sell one person two things than it is to sell two people one thing. Does that make sense? And so from acquisition nana, we then have high ticket heaven. And so obviously the price rung is is is exponential here because we go from from free to sort of entry level how to get clients in the business to more advanced how to run ads and get get more advanced ad systems and and team systems and transition to a better business model. And then we have high ticket heaven. And high ticket heaven is basically exclusively for people in the space, entrepreneurs in the space who are already making like 20 30k a month, multi6 figures or more and want to get to eight figures. Like this this is sort of like in high ticket heaven we're talking like one-on-one support with me like support strategy calls with me um direct access to me through Slack like um private Slack channel access to my entire seuite my CMO my CSO my data manager my business partner like this is like where we kind of incubate businesses and we're very picky with who we choose to work with here because we we we do want to them and stuff and we also have like live events in this as well and so like you know we we we host events at the moment like 60 70 people we've got coming up in New York in December And you know, it's it's it's a support incubator place for people who have our products to go and basically get like really fast results, but also to like meet in person, have socials and just connect and have fun. And so, you know, it like naturally what happens is people who get results in action nana then inquire about high ticket heaven and we kind of have got this fireball going. And you know the cool thing about this and I'll leave you with this in closing and the reason this strategy works is when you have a suite of products what happens is if someone let's say someone buys high ticket heaven right and it's some reason it's not reloading but let's say someone buys high ticket heaven what we can do is we can say if you buy high ticket heaven you also get access to acquisition nana easy grow and of course imperium academy and you can then take the value of the products underneath the high ticket one and make it sound like they're getting way more than they are and they it is that is exactly what they're getting. Like if and I'm not going to give you prices here because that's just a cardinal s of marketing. But let's say that easy grow and action nana combined was 50 grand and by the way they're not. And let's say that high ticket heaven was 100 grand which by the way it's not. It might be in the future I don't know like it probably won't but what I could say is look you buy high ticket heaven for 100 grand. And not only do you get everything in high ticket heaven but you also get nana and easy grow as well which means that for 100 grand you're actually getting 150 grand of value if that makes sense. Um that's a pretty cool sales argument. And so what this allows me to do is be significantly more dynamic with my marketing. It means that I can be broader. It means that I can I can take all of my business opportunity traffic, my bisop traffic, my beginner traffic, and actually begin to nurture it. And and what Academy basically is is it's a nurturing machine. I'm, you know, looking at the community. I'm like observing like what people are doing. And this thing's like, you know, really starting to um develop and grow, you know, and so from this, you know, we won't see the true effect of the academy on the business for six months. It's not going to be until it's October now. We won't see if like six months end of Q1 26 that we'll really start to see like many many units of easy grow coming in and then from those units and then people will just eventually like want to get to the end result. and we're already seeing this happen and it's working really well and my business is is about to grow exponentially because of these things. And I've been carefully engineering all of these products over the last, you know, year. And I'll leave you with this in closing. Um I know I've said that already, but like when you're when you want to grow a business, right, there's there's two ways to really grow a business. Um you can focus on the marketing and you can focus on the product. And the thing is like you obviously want to do both, but my the way my strategy for growing this business and getting to multiate figures is doing it with my product, not my marketing. Now, my marketing to get to multi- figures has to be a star top tier. I have to be one of the best marketers in the world to get this done because ultimately I'm selling words. I'm selling videos. And to do that, you have to be an insanely talented marketer. And so the thing is is a lot of people, they base their strategies on growth around marketing. They based it around their launches. They base it around their landing pages. And then all that marketing is sent through to some shitty product that doesn't really deliver results and just results in their reputation being tarnished. That works for maybe five years tops. And if you don't believe me, just go and look at what happened to Tai Lopez. Look at what happened to Taylor Welch. Look at what happened to all these gurus. And I hate to use paint the word guru on anyone, but look at people that honestly like when you think about them that you have this taste like Dan Lock is another example. Like you just think like oh like you these people that were around and they were very good marketers and they based their entire business acumen and strategy on marketing and all that traffic was sent to products that just weren't very good and after probably about three to five years it blows up in their face and then they're either being you know sued by the SEC or you know they they have they get coffee zill and someone makes a video on how they're a scammer and then people just people just lose respect for them. When you do the product thing, you will make less money in the short term. And that's a fact. Like I've just spent the last 12 months of my life focused on product, not marketing. And that has cost me in the moment dearly. But what it means is that by focusing on this product, I can run this business for 10, 20, 30, 40, 50. I can use these products and I can use the assets that I've built in my communities to go on to build software businesses, to go on to build platform businesses. I can use them to to to raise funds for businesses. Like the amount of leverage you have when you effectively monopolize a market through product and value is so much more significant to just cashing out in the short term for marketing. I don't want to play this game for another 5 years. I want to play this game for another 50. And I'm not saying that I'll be doing the core selling info game forever. But my point is that I the next thing I do, the next move I make will be very closely tied to my circle of competence in B2B acquisition, in info, in coaching, in consulting, in the agency world. And the next thing I do that will get me to that $1 billion valuation, which is what I'm chasing at the moment and always will be, I can use my product and my current business as a springboard. And so right now, I've got Imperium Acquisition, you know, and the crucial thing to me for Imperium Acquisition is the reputation. And the reputation it comes from the product. Okay. And if I can get this right, if I can get this reputation for this thing to be insane, then what I can do is I can use Imperium acquisition as a springboard to go to my next business, which I can then value at a billion dollars and cash out. And that's how I'm playing the game. And that's my first step to getting to 30 mil a year. But then eventually using that money and that that authority and that brand and all of that trust and I will convert it into that. That's the play. By the way, if you want access to Imperium Academy, it's free. You don't have to buy anything. There's no credit card. You can just click the link in the description, set up an account, and consume 80 80 hours of business content from me on a toz, how to start a business with everything from how to get client results through to how to fix your brain to how to like like this. Let me one more example. This video here is on how to research a niche. It's nearly it's two and a half hours long. And you know, I've created entire like proper length resources for everything. And this was horrible to do. Like, you know, I've got daily immersion protocols in here. Like, I show people how to validate their problem and find a solution to it. And like, here's how to like immerse yourself in the niche, and here's exactly what you have to do. And this, the funny thing is that this video alone probably took me more time to make than most people spend on their paid products. I'll just let you think about that for a bit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ai-and-automations [68 likes]: This is amazing Charlie! I've been watching your videos for quite some time and I have used your concepts to acquire new clients for my businesses.
  2. @anthonyvcamacho [8 likes]: 'In the short run, the market is a voting machine but in the long run, it is a weighing machine.' - Ben Graham 

GOATED video as usual man.
  3. @anti-instantgratification [7 likes]: Say it how it, by selling courses
  4. @taravgupta [5 likes]: this guy lowk a menace
  5. @PrimeTechStory [5 likes]: the volume is pretty low
  6. @Dikshant360 [3 likes]: Charlie is gonna create history with this...
  7. @garifhimself9987 [1 likes]: Info "business". No, thank you!
  8. @amirboisov [1 likes]: I’m confident it is possible to build a $50k/mo business with knowledge inside Imperium Academy
  9. @charliemofficial: Start a business & grow to $10k/mo in 6 weeks with my FREE program: https://www.skool.com/academy/about
  10. @brp361: Money is made by scamming people selling "courses"
  11. @frederikcramerofficial: How'd he intent to scale his clients to 8 figures when he monopolizes the industry? Do all need to go to a different niche then?
  12. @bringtheseo: Why didnt you just put all the programs into one community? Free > Level 1 > Level 2 > Level 3 etc
  13. @mannbudhbhatti: Loved video Charlie
  14. @RobinVanPeer: Competition is for losers
  15. @xPastaBake: Just got your new Ad before this video, actually love it man! Huge improvement over the last campaigns 🙌 Engaging, truly pain point focused, great style and doesn't come across as "scammy", awesome job to you and the marketing team
  16. @chadlink8199: can't you break up the videos in skool so I don't have watch a 2 hour video for 1 section. gamify etc
  17. @AliAbtahi-p9v: Holy cow
  18. @fernandomoralesyt: Thanks!
  19. @2.0Khaled: This was 🔥 — love how clear and serious your plan is bro, I’m building from the trenches too and documenting every step of the journey on YouTube if anyone wants to follow it in real time.
  20. @Angedanielsoro: Insane work and value shared, Charlie! I got no fucking excuses to don't start my business rn! U just mind blowing my mind man (still on Week 2 hh)

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Why do some ads just feel good? We all know that feeling. We scroll on our feed, we see an ad, and it actually hits us. The brands like AG1, Comfort, Young LA, Skims, Element, these brands are dominating the new online market and have spent millions to crack customer psychology. And today, I'm going to pull the curtain back on how real marketers are actually making ads. This video is going to be a little bit different. We're going to forget about the KPIs, the structure. We're not going to be looking inside the ad account. We're going to take it back to the basics on how to actually make good ads. >> TGBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a foresome. Do manual research. These are things that people actually like to see. So, first we're going to go into the psychology. Then I'm going to show you a couple of good ad examples that you can learn from. And at the end, I'm going to give you action items that you can implement today to actually make better ads. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I'm the founder of Creative Don, where we make ad creatives and run meta ads for direct to consumer brands chasing million-dollar months. We've been in business for three years, and I've been drop shipping since I was 13 years old. So, I'm coming up on a decade of running meta ads with tens of millions of dollars spent. So, nothing that we talk about here is theory. This is not an idea. This is backed by decades of firsthand experience and 8 figures spent on ads. But that's enough talk. Let's go ahead and jump in. So the first most important question is what actually makes a good ad. And the psychology really boils down to these four things. The first [music] thing we need to do is actually get their attention. And a lot of the data says you need 3 seconds. I would 100% disagree with that. I think you have about.5 seconds to actually grab someone's attention on the new internet. If you ever sit beside someone or watch people scroll, they're scrolling in less than a second. if it's not interesting to them. The second thing is going to be curiosity. And this is something that people really miss the mark on. You don't need to sell someone all the way in every single one of your ads, right? One of those long prospecting VSSLs where you take a cold scroller completely to a buyer in the ad. That is an example of where you're basically selling all in that original ad. But there are other ways and other things that you can do in your ads, which I'm going to show you in this video, where all you really need to do with the ad is spark enough curiosity to get them to click. And if the bottom of your funnel, whether it be, you know, a listical, a quizfunnel, or just a really good landing page where you can explain what your product does and why they need to buy it, all you need is curiosity in some ads. And really what that means is you're just peing their interest. The next one is going to be invoking some emotion. Are you making them fearful? Are you making them excited? What core emotion are you connecting with that's going to make them feel some kind of way? And the next examples that I'm going to show you with this is going to be extreme stark contrast from positive emotions, humor, laughter to really dark negative emotions, fear, insecurity. This is extremely important that you understand who you're selling to and where they are so you can figure out what emotion is most likely to influence them to make a buying decision. And the final one, we're going to do this one in green, is connection. You need to connect with your CP or the customer that you're trying to sell to. So, next I'm going to show you good ad examples and what you can learn from them. The first two I'm going to show you are really focused on curiosity and emotion. And the second two are more focused on attention and connection. Okay? So, these first two are ads that we're sending to quiz funnels or consumption funnels. Okay? It's important that you understand that because there's not a whole lot of selling done in these ads, but we're really pulling on their curiosity and on their emotion. Let's break down this ad on the left here first. So, this ad we are selling something that is going to allow women to increase their chances of getting pregnant. So, we know we're selling to women in a very emotional time. They're probably thinking, "What's wrong with me?" They maybe think that they're overthinking. Maybe nothing is wrong. And then we're really digging in here when we say, "Stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive." Actually, this is funny. I actually saved the one with a typo for this thing. Supposed to say test, not text. That's funny. But this actually says when we actually ran it, stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive test. Take the quiz and see what's stopping you. So, what are we doing? Are we following these things up here? Did we get their attention? Yes. Are we sparking curiosity? Yes. Are we hitting an emotional pain point? Yes. And are we connecting with our ICP? Yes. And I think everyone watching this video right now can agree this is a good ad. Okay, the next one, and this one's a little bit unique. We have some weird ads. This is for a Looks maxing company. Um, they're basically, you know, selling something that allows people to figure out what's wrong with their face. This I think the philosophy or the psychology behind this ad is I'm almost imagining a young person maybe 16 to 22 doom scrolling at night. It's dark and there's this face looking back at them that's hitting that first thing. It's getting their attention. The next one is it's super simple text. What if one tool gave you everything you need to ascend? And if you're not familiar with the niche, ascend is like a very specific term in the um you know looks maxing space. So that's why we use that term because it's giving us that connection with our ICP and it's also hitting an emotion by just the darkness and the actual you know showing of this face. And overall, this ad is meeting the actual ICP where they need to be met with the content that they need to be met with the copy that they need to read that's going to invoke that curiosity and make them click. And then what happens in the funnel is um there's a lot more consumption in the funnel. These next two ads are very very different, right? These are not dark. These are not really pulling on a whole lot of curiosity. They're not pulling on a whole lot of emotion. But when you're selling, you know, driver covers or putter covers or, you know, a cup that's cleaner for dipping, you don't really need to do that, right? But there are a lot of you out there who don't have these dark brands that are, you know, solving some massive problem, but you still want to make good ads, right? So, when we have products like this, we're really focused on attention, getting the attention fast, and connection. This is funny, right? It's a meme format almost or it's a meme words. The foresome experience you dream about. This is a sharable ad, right? With this these golf products, we're not selling to the old guard of golfers, right? We're selling to, you know, the Gen Z, the millennial golfer who's going to put down 12 Miller lights on, you know, 18 holes on a weekend with his boys. So, we have to understand that we're not just showing them the product. We have to connect with that consumer base, right? And what are those people going to buy because of, you know, if it makes them feel like they're one of the boys, if it's funny, if they can share it with their friends. And we're also increasing the average order value by making an ad like this because this is an ad that they would share to their friends, be like, "Haha, this is funny." The next one, made for spitters, not quitters. I mean, it's just funny, right? Like, you got to think, I'm over here. I have the Zins, the VOS, I don't dip, but if I saw this ad, I would think it's funny. It's connecting with me. It's getting my attention. I would maybe share this with my boys. Right? So, that's the contrast that I want you to understand. Not every ad is built the same, but those four key psychological principles are what's going to allow you to actually build ads that are going to connect with the people that you need them to connect with. Right? The whole point of this, we're not out here talking about, you know, certain video structures or, you know, awareness stages or whatever. We're just trying to make good ads, right? We're trying to think about the psychology behind good ads in this video. Okay. Now, you can tell that if the ICP of this ad were to get either of these two ads, they would be like totally scrolling 2 seconds and vice versa. But you know that if a pregnant lady or a lady who's trying to get pregnant is going to see this ad, very curious. You know, someone who's already aware of the whole looks maxing movement. If they get this ad when they're doom scrolling at night, they're going to be curious. They're going to click on it. You know the Gen Z golfer who's pounding Miller lights on the course. If he gets this ad, he's going to send it to his boys. And you know that the guy who dips a lot and his girl complains about, you know, his nasty dip cup. You know, there's a good possibility that he's going to buy this. So, I wanted to show those examples. We actually made every single one of those ads, by the way. Those are just a few ads that we've made um for some of our clients. But I want you to really understand that and understand the psychology of how to actually make a good ad, right? These are not just products with, you know, the ingredients that the product has. Nobody cares. News flash. These are not just, you know, product pictures with, you know, how heavy the t-shirt weighs or what GSM it is. News flash, nobody cares, right? These are things that people actually like to see. It's funny. It's hitting them. It's maybe the curiosity of that um pregnancy one is, you know, invoking some emotion of, oh, maybe there's something that can help me, right? I really want you to understand that cuz I feel like there's a lot of videos on YouTube. There's a lot of people who are talking about stuff that it does matter. And I I do this too, right? I talk about, you know, the structure that you need to be testing with, how much volume you need to be doing, how much diversity you need to be doing, but I don't really see a whole lot of videos on YouTube of people just actually talking about how to make good ads. So now that you understand those ads is where we get into the action items, right? And first things first, before you make any ad, any ad, you should be doing tons of deep research. Okay? I actually just gave a speech in Miami a few weeks ago, and the number one question that I got at the end of my speech was, "How do I do my research?" or, "How are you doing research?" Most of the people there hadn't even really done tons of manual research and you should be doing manual research. Stop doing tragedy. Spend three or four days in a row just actually doing research on your niche on your product. Go to Reddit. Read your competitor's reviews. Read Amazon reviews. Read comments on Tik Tok videos. Ad comments. Do competitor analysis. Do manual research. I see so many people who they're seeing these people on Twitter being like, "Oh, AI is taking over. You can do deep research in five minutes with chatbt." It's like, "Yeah, you can. You can do that." And I can do that. I have really good prompts, but I'm still in the trenches. I'm still reading Reddit comments. I'm still doing that because that's where you can actually understand your customer. Those ads that we saw that we reviewed a second ago, [snorts] those are not ads that you can just make from copy and pasting into Reddit and getting headlines from ChadBt. Chad GBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a forsome. I promise you, ChadBt is not going to write that. Okay, that's where you have to be funny. ChadBt is not going to write you something about spitters and quitters. Okay? You have to actually do research. You have to actually think, be funny, try to write some decent copy. And the way that you do that is not by some chatbt deep research prompt. It's by actually doing the research yourself. So this is the first action item. You need to be doing all of these things and just taking notes. Make a deep research document, right? Not that you're going to paste into Chad GBT, but that you're just going to write stuff. Copy and paste things from Reddit. Copy and paste reviews that you see on your competitor's websites, on their Amazon, um, anywhere. Copy, add comments, take screenshots, copy and paste and build a true research document so that you can understand what people are saying, right? The next is going to be the framework. So after you do the research, then you need to actually write briefs. Okay? And the way that we write briefs, I'm just going to give it away to you right here. Okay? So the first thing is you need the concept. Then you need the creative type, right? Is it a curiosity based static ad? Us versus them? Um, you know, USP call out, social proof and review based ad, whatever it is. Always write down your creative type because you don't want to make a hundred of the exact same ad. You do need creative diversity, right? Then you want to call out the angle. What are you actually doing? Who are you actually selling to? Headline, CTA, and visual direction. So, that's how you're going to actually make the ads. And then you're either going to ship this off to somebody else to make it or you can go back and review the brief that you made and actually make it for yourself in Canva. Okay. So, I'll erase all this so you can actually take a screenshot or something of the actual framework of how you should be laying out your planning for static ads. Now, just to recap what actually makes a good ad, it speaks directly to the ICP. It creates a curiosity gap, triggers an emotional response response, and provides a clear path to a solution. And this is what makes the viewer feel like this is made for me. Like what I talked about in the beginning of the video, those ads that just hit you. They're just good ads, right? I know it's funny. I actually bought my girl some scams for Christmas. There was an ad. They just had an offer so good I just could not refuse. That's the kind of guy I am. I'm cheap, right? [laughter] I like I like good offers, especially. It's not even that I'm cheap that I don't want to spend the money, but I since I'm in ecom, if I ever see an ad with a really good offer, that's what makes me buy. So, we want to make the viewer feel like this is made for them. And the way that we do that is by not making generic ads that look like everybody else's. It's by doing good research, speaking to the ICP, and testing systematically. So, yeah. how to make good ads research framework that I gave you and test properly. So, I hope you learned something from this. If you made it to the end, don't forget to subscribe. And if you made it to the end, comment something like make better ads or better ads or something like that so I can see who the real ones are who made it to the end of the video. And if you are a direct consumer brand spending $50,000 a month or more on Meta and you don't want to take the time to build this out for yourself, you want a partner to come in and do it for you, good news. News flash, you're in the right place. I'm your guy. Just click the link below on our website. We have a bunch of case studies, testimonials, some work that we've done, and a full video walkthrough explaining exactly what we do. All right, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @saeed_bdk [9 likes]: ❓What makes a good ad?
⚠4 core elements: Attention, Curiosity Emotion, Connection 
🎯Speaks to ICP's pain points
🎯Creates curiosity gap
🎯Triggers emotional response
🎯Provides clear solution
🎯Makes them feel, "it's for me"

❓How to make good ads?
Research > Framework > Test
10:45 ⭕Deep Research: Reddit, Reviews, Ad comments, Competitor research
12:30 ⭕Framework: Creative type, Angle, Headline, CTA, Visual direction


13:30 📽 Recap
  2. @krysttonjhonatan [2 likes]: That was a lesson, this beatiful video! tks brother, very nice!
  3. @TirenioluwaSamuel-b7h [2 likes]: Make better ads

This is really helpful!!
  4. @WillStevens-x5b [2 likes]: So much game in this video. Thanks 🙏
  5. @DonPhilipp [2 likes]: Better ads 🤝
  6. @SatvikCS [1 likes]: You are truly genius
  7. @AniekanUmanah-z5v [1 likes]: Better Ads
  8. @suwarno098 [1 likes]: thank you Mr.
  9. @hereyougo1782: good content, BTW clean the glass behinr you.
  10. @OdaaAncestral: Brazil Heree Bro !! Thanks
  11. @MagmuuStore: Make better ads
  12. @Createdbybalake: For UGC is it A: better to QB sneak the sale till the end or Strong hook open Curiosity loop, then sell the dream outcome of product
  13. @prod.heymiah: make better ads
  14. @JennyHansenLane: I want to make funny ads. ha
  15. @mrchrisames: make better ads
  16. @AustinBrooks-f3c: Make better ads
  17. @ShaeHatch: Fun fact, I put this transcript in Chat GPT 👀
  18. @kiragoldberg4348: Make better ads!
  19. @blizzydanny4507: Make real ads !!
  20. @Jolexo_69: Make better Ads bro

- My $300M Meta Ads Strategy (copy & scale): Kind: captions Language: en I've made thousands of video and static ads in my 15 years of working in performance marketing. And I've built creative systems for some of the biggest DTOC brands in Europe and the US. And in today's video, I'm going to be teaching you exactly how to think like a creative strategist. So, what is creative strategy and who is a creative strategist? Simply put, creative strategy is the backbone of any good ad. It's the system that takes what a product or service can offer and then turns it into something that the customer wants and feels. It's how you turn ideas and insights into actual ads that perform over and over again. Creative strategy means knowing if an ad will perform before you even make it live. When you understand the psychology and the emotion behind the ads, it makes creating them so much easier. It makes it a calculated move instead of complete guesswork. However, the number one mistake that so many strategists make is they stop at ideation. Every single creative strategist should have some basic understanding of editing, designing, producing, they are basically the director of the project. And in fact, at Fraggle, that's what a lot of our creative strategists are. As well as writing and creating those angles. If we're filming on set, they're directing. It's their vision. The creative strategist put this together and they now need to take what's in their head onto the screen. So, as well as having a firm understanding of data and why an ad performs, they can also understand the entire process of what goes into making the ad. And when I say understand the process, I don't mean do it. So many brands use their creative strategist as an editor and a UGC creator. That's that's not what I'm talking about here. They just need a firm understanding so that they know that when they're coming up with the ideas if something is possible or not. You should understand how different camera movement can affect the focus of the video or how different lighting can change someone's mood and also how the design of a static ad can completely change the thumb stop. Because all of that stuff added together is what gives you an advantage as a creative strategist. And that's what's going to separate you from a creative strategist who's only just started and an experienced one that can churn out winners. So many creative strategists that I work with started in content creation themselves and then they fell in love with the writing of the whole project and the data that went behind it. And so instead of making the stuff, they decided to make it from a a different angle, which was, you know, the start. And hiring people like that who have a real passion is the exact formula I've used to create a production studio that churns over 8,000 ad creatives out for our clients every single month. But you also need to understand what you can put inside a video to earn the customer's trust and convince someone to buy. And no matter how much research and pattern recognition and testing that you do, it will still never come close to experience. That is actually doing this stuff. I often spend more time researching than I do actually designing and writing because I want to put myself in the customer's shoes, particularly if it's for a niche that I have no idea about. A great example of this is one of our creative strategists started working with a golf brand recently. He spent a couple of days just researching the golf niche. He was asking me and my co-founder about what we do when we play golf so that he can understand why someone would purchase the thing that they do for golf. And that is what is so important. That's what separates a good creative strategist from a bad one. Do you actually want to spend the time to research this or do you just want to use AI to write some scripts and earn a quick book? For the longest time ever now, I've said that creative is the only lever that you can pull in your ad account to make a difference. And I think I can probably go one step further now and say that creative strategy is possibly the only lever left to pull. And the reason for that is because AI is everywhere. It does not take a genius and it does not take a long time to generate an entire ad with AI. And so what can brands, what can individuals do to separate themselves? Good creative strategy because it is the backbone of your ad after all. So it's about how you can think creatively. Although a lot of our creative strategists might use AI to aid them in the research or the writing of the piece, they still use their own judgment and their own experience to know if something is going to work. So if you don't understand creative, you don't understand data, then you're at a real disadvantage. Media buying is completely automated at this point. Optimization is also completely automated. So the only thing that you have separating yourself from everyone else is the thought that goes into the ad. And also, one thing that's becoming more and more important in creative strategy is storytelling. Only a couple of years ago, I was saying that storytelling in your ads didn't matter. Right now, I'm singing a different tune because I was wrong. Storytelling definitely does matter now more than ever because of all those AI slop ads that are being put out all the time. Customers are kind of getting even more fed up of ads. So, the thing that you can do to separate yourself from your competitor that's potentially doing the same thing as everyone else is storytelling. What is your story? And that's why I often tell brands that if they have a great founder story, they should be telling it because that right there is the thing that separates you from everyone else. And that's a decision that a creative strategist would make. So, how do you think like a creative strategist? Let me walk you through what happens when a brand comes to us and they say, "We need some new ads." Well, the first thing we do is we begin research. Researching both the customer and the product. We want to know everything we possibly can about the product and who buys it. And to do that, we don't just blindly listen to the brand because believe it or not, sometimes the brand is wrong with who they believe is buying the product. I actually recently found this ad for a bra brand and in it they have a girl that has one hand putting on the bra claiming that it is the easiest to put on bra. This is the easiest bra in the world. And to show you how easy it is, I'm going to put it on with one hand. Now, I already have one hand, but I'm going to use one hand. Ready? one hand. >> This is a perfect example of how research can discover something that you never even thought of before. There is a possibility that when they were making this product, they were literally just trying to make a bra that women didn't have to reach around to put on or flip around their shoulder. They just wanted something that was just super easy to put on. But then in their research, they found there was this huge sector of people with disabilities that could benefit from their product. [music] And so the creative strategist probably started to make ads that include that demographic and show that use case. In fact, if you want to learn more about research, I did a great video on how you can use Reddit and AI to make high converting ad creative. It goes in proper detail about all this research stuff. Just interrupting this video to tell you a bit about a tool that I have been using for the past year or so called Particle. If you've ever wondered what your competitor's bestselling skew is or what their biggest revenue day of the month is, most of the time you have to get those answers by, I don't know, guessing. Well, that is where Particle comes in because it can give you that information using real data. So, for example, I've just got up skims and I'm looking at the past 4 weeks and sales over time is $47.1 million. And I can see here that their biggest product type by a mile is underwear and socks. So if skims was one of my competitors and I wanted to know what their most popular skew was, then I'd be able to go on here and I would be able to see and we can even take it one step further. I'm looking at the exact product which is driving the most revenue. So I can see here that this was their top product, the soft lounge long slip dress. So again, if I was a competitor of SKIMS and I didn't have a product like this, well, I'd want to launch one. And you wouldn't have that data unless you used Particle. There is so many insanely useful tools within Particle. You will be an absolute fool not to just give it a try. I'm a customer of Particle. I have been I use this to research our competitors when we're making ads for certain brands, and it is invaluable. Particle shows you what is actually moving. So there's no more need for guessing. There's no more getting blindsided by your competitors. You'll be able to look at data and rely on data. You can try Particle right now for free. There's a link down in the description if you want to give it a try and see how it can help your business scale. Now, back to the video. And that brings us nicely onto the second part that the creative strategist does, which is the ideation. Coming up with the ideas, coming up with the angles. What video can we do here? What messaging can we portray to get across what I found in my research? So, in the broader example, the idea was to cast a UGC creator with a very clear visible disability who would benefit from using their product. And the idea was, let's show how easy it is to put the bra on even though you've got one hand. It is the perfect product proof of how great and accessible their product is. It's a great idea that probably a great creative strategist came up with. Then after that is the execution. At Fraggle, how that works is the creative strategist does all the ideas. They write the script. They come up with who they want in the video. And then they'll pass that to the production team. And then the production team at Fraggle is set up with pre-production and actual production. The pre-production, they'll cast the people, they'll find the relevant locations, they'll get the right UGC creators. They will pull the project together. The first step in making the creative strategists ideas come to life. After that, they hand it over to production who then either film it themselves or they work with the UGC creators to help them film it. At this stage, the creative strategist is just overseeing and making sure that things are happening to help their vision come to life. After that, of course, it goes to editing. Again, the creative strategist here is reviewing drafts to ensure that what they are seeing come out as the final videos lines up with what was in their head. The execution stage is often the most expensive and the most time consuming part of ad production. It demands specialized talent, proper equipment, and a really good eye for detail. A great example of this is an ad that we made for Nuvet. We shot this video in our studio and you can see we've got like this lovely blacked out background here and we're shaving a foot. That's the only word I can use for it. But without the specialized knowledge of how to achieve that black background, how to light the skin properly, how to make sure that everything is exposed, then this ad wouldn't look half as good as it does. And it also wouldn't have performed as well as it did. This is why having a great team is so important and one of the things that I really try my best to do at Fraggle. Bringing together incredibly talented people who are really specialized in something that they do so that we can all work together to make great ads. And then finally, the testing portion. The brands test the ads. The results come in and the creative strategist looks at them and then deciphers information from them. They'll look at hook rates. They'll look at hold rates and clickthrough rates and decide whether that ad was good and what we can learn from it. And then after that they can even go on to iterate it to continue to build out the idea. Like I mentioned, we don't run the ads at Fraggle, but we do take a massive interest in the data because that can help us make future decisions much easier. For example, we might have made a bunch of high production ads for a client. But then when they test them, they realize that they all just completely flop. Now, that's going to tell us a couple of things. It could be that the production style just doesn't work, or it could be that the messaging doesn't work. So the next test that we might do is use that same messaging and do it via UGC for example and then if those results come back better then we know that it was the production technique that caused the problem. The testing is essentially like a science experiment. You want to change one variable at a time so you understand why something has had that effect. I think a great example of testing here could be this podcast ad that we made for the black stuff. It's a standard podcast ad, but one of the variations we made was something that we haven't done before. And it actually gave us really interesting results, and that was to basically film the same ad on a phone through a laptop screen just like someone has just found this amazing podcast clip. It's the same content, but it's delivered in a different vehicle. Honestly, when I made this ad, I thought that the one that was shot on the phone filming the screen was actually going to perform way better. But when we look at the thumb stop, it's actually pretty dramatic. The traditional podcast ad where it was just the podcast ad on the screen had a 47.5% hook rate. Whereas the one where I'm filming my screen only a 34% hook rate. Quite a difference there. And so that tells me that if I do that before that variation might not actually be worth the shoeing. I actually made a great video that might be worth checking out if you're interested in the testing stuff. And that is where I take a budget of £100 and I tell you exactly what I would do with it to run meta ads. The data that we gain from testing the ads can then help us improve those ads. Again, we can change the hook on an ad that had a really great hold rate but a poor hook [music] rate. We can add a better CTA to an ad that had a terrible click-through rate. These are the small iterations that you can make. This is something often enough that the brand can pursue on their own cuz they can make them much faster than a lot of agencies can do. Listen, if you want to move from ad maker to creative strategist, you need to start here. Because this skill is what decides whether an ad makes $10 or $100,000. Because the only way that you are going to stay ahead in this business, which is everchanging, is by doing the work. And that is why I review every single concept that comes out of my agency. It's why only a couple of days ago, I was writing ads for some of the brands we work with. It's why I still spend so much of my time on set actually making these ads. I'm in the weeds every single day because that is the only way that I can ensure that my agency is making the best work that it possibly can do. And that is the only way that you are going to become the best creative strategy that ever existed is by doing the work and doing [music] the reps. And that's why our ads perform and why yours can too. So, if your brand spends 70,000 and above on meta ads, I would love to have a conversation with you. Feel free to book a call with me by just scanning the QR code on the screen or going down below and clicking the link. And if you still haven't watched my video about the best ad formats to test, then you should probably go and check that out next. But until next time, hit the subscribe button and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @buzzboomer [2 likes]: The emphasis on combining emotion, psychology, and data makes ad creation feel more scientific and less guesswork.
  2. @egekaraca9426 [2 likes]: We've been watching you a lot lately. Your breakdowns help us a lot as we build our little DTC brand as students.  We've been trying out some crazy creative ideas.  We'd love to share a few with you if you're ever open to it.
  3. @TannerSchwab-q2f [1 likes]: The value here is amazing. Thank you and please share more tools you are using.
  4. @Smilesbsmilin [1 likes]: Alright I'm here for this
  5. @evanpoulnais7020 [1 likes]: Hello, thank you again for this video, which is so valuable. I just wanted to ask if you could make your videos available in different languages, because I'm from France and it's much easier to follow and watch them in their entirety in my own language. Have a nice day, thank you.
  6. @RanaRalton: Hey! I’ve just started in creative strategy but started in content like you said! Any tips on how to land your first role??
  7. @FatimaCreativeStrategist: I wish you had written a book, any plans on doing so?
  8. @unlimited98uiu: Bro can you make a video on how should be our portfolio looks like in creative strategist. Abd how to get clients . please make a video on it. Please
  9. @Divy1422: Hey Frarser , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with More high Quality Editing and thumbnails for your videos than the current ones and also help you with strategies that can really help you get great results and grow your channel faster man, Lmk if you are open to explore it man?
  10. @PatrickUnrath: testing one variable at a time is against Meta Andromeda isnt it?
  11. @CASGuico: Someone finally provided the clearest definition of being a creative strategist!
  12. @Cagito_and_lifts: you've made so good videos so far,  but this one just wasted my time, no substance so much filler to promote a software
  13. @StevenAitchisonCYT: Hi Fraser, I am loving your channel and advice.  Have you ever worked with authors who are selling fiction? Given the low margins, would you use a different strategy?
  14. @davidsmiley8439: Wow love this!
  15. @wissamnahed5860: Hey! I noticed that you have a significant portion of your research and even create your ads based on your competitors, but what if it were a virgin market? A new product that has no competitors yet? Also, great videos
  16. @charliedickson4018: Great video as always! Would you recommend CBO or ABO for testing? I’ve only got a £50 budget if that’s even possible

- Create Winning Meta Ads in 5 Minutes with Nano Banana Pro (No Design Skills Needed): Kind: captions Language: en The latest Nano Banana updates are insane. So, in this video, I'll show you how you can utilize it and create winning ads in less than five minutes with zero design experience. So, first you need an ad that you want to iterate on. So, for this example, I have an ad with $1 CPC CTR below the benchmarks. So, we are looking to do better. I have the preview of the ad and you also need Google Gemini. So first we are going to create a new gem by clicking on gems and then creating a new gem. We are going to name it image to JSON and then description is going to be add iteration oops scale and for the instructions I have four steps. First we are going to add the instructions to act as an image analyst. I'm going to copy and paste this. You can screenshot the video and add this to the instructions and your jam is ready. So let's save and then start chat. Now what we need to do is add a screenshot of the ad we want to iterate on. So go back to your ad, take a screenshot. For this I'm using lightot extension. Just copy paste to Gemini and then it's going to split out a new long line of code. All right. Here we have the code. So we are just looking to copy this and then open a new chat. Make sure you are on the create image feature. Let's use this nano banana pro and then just paste. I'm not going to change any prompts, any codes. We are just going to iterate as is. So let's see what it comes up with. Let's submit. All right. And here we have the new version in about 2 minutes. Let's compare it to the original image. The messaging is basically the same. Someone going crazy. same text. To make more versions, you can adjust the code or you can also ask Gemini to create five more versions of the same ad. All right. And I just add it to create one new version. And then here again, the same image just the eyes are closed. I think this method is way better to create ads. If you try it with a simple text describe or with a specific prompt, usually it takes three to five attempts to get it right. But with the Gemini, I usually get it on the first shot. So, let me know if you have tried it. If you're looking for more meta strategies, check out my other videos and check out the link in my description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lesliemarketerman [1 likes]: Ai is crazyy
  2. @cornerstoneprotection [1 likes]: Good and easy to use

- Never Pay $21/Month for YouTube Premium: Do This Instead!: Kind: captions Language: en Really ever since YouTube Premium's latest price increase, there's been a whole lot of confusion about how much it actually costs. Millions of people may be overpaying, and if you are one of them, I'm going to save you some money today. So many people just don't realize that YouTube Premium has different pricing, and it all depends on how you sign up. If you've got an Apple device and you're in the YouTube app, these are the prices you're going to see for Premium. $21 a month for individuals, $35 for the family plan, and $12 for the light version. This is where people end up overpaying, and unfortunately, there's no warning before you sign up that there is actually a cheaper way to get Premium. So, I'm going to show you how. First, leave the YouTube app and open up a web browser. Then just go to YouTube Premium's website. It's youtube.com/premium. And now, you see the difference. We've got $16 a month for individuals, $27 for the family plan, and only $9 for light. And this is the exact same service, but by signing up directly, you can avoid the so-called Apple tax, which is $5 a month for the individual plan, adds up to 60 bucks a year. In this case, Apple is charging YouTube for purchases made within the YouTube app. And then, YouTube is just turning around and passing that cost along to you. Now let's get to the fix, and after years of telling people not to sign up through Apple, I did exactly that just to show you the process. First, go to your subscriptions from your Apple account and cancel YouTube Premium. Then wait it out until your subscription expires. And then, once you no longer have an active Premium membership, sign up again. This time from YouTube's website to be billed directly and not through Apple. And if you are still not seeing the lower pricing that I showed, open an incognito window before you go to And you may have noticed while I was talking, when you sign up directly, you also will get more plan options than going through Apple. For example, this one here, the annual premium individual plan. It's popular with my viewers and an easy way to save around 15%. All right, and before you switch your billing, I've got one more tip to make the process smoother. Remember, once your premium account billed through Apple expires, you are going to revert to a free YouTube account until you sign up again. So, that means you will lose access to your offline downloads because that is a premium-only feature. But, let me show you this workaround that I just tested. Create a playlist and then add any important videos that you know you're going to want to watch offline. Anyone can make a playlist and also add things to watch later. So, then when you resubscribe to premium, just go to your playlist and then you can quickly download all those videos again. If you've been overpaying, really not your fault, it is not very transparent, but at least now you know how to switch to direct billing and you can start putting more money back in your pocket. And if you're thinking about downgrading to Premium Lite to save even more money, watch this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelSaves [19 likes]: I know I've covered this topic in other videos, but I wanted to make a dedicated video because of all the questions and comments I've received. One last note: You may still pay more than the price shown on YouTube's website if there are local taxes on streaming services where you live.
  2. @eagletrippin [7 likes]: Had no idea YouTube offered 12-month subscriptions to save money -- I had to cancel my monthly plan just to even see the offer. Thanks for this 🙏
  3. @Floyd69 [4 likes]: I pad $7 for the last 10 years and now its $9 this grandfathered in back from you tube red days.
  4. @oneisnone7350 [2 likes]: I discovered this recently.  It really pissed me off!  The waiting for it to expire was really annoying.
  5. @vondahe [2 likes]: I’m both happy and disappointed that I’d already done this when I signed up, so no big saving. At least it was already there.
  6. @dennisclaros6021 [1 likes]: I was excited to start saving money but I already had the correct pricing. I guess I haven’t been overpaying all these years I’ve had premium. I might try premium light, I do use YT music a lot though, especially in the car.  Worth trying it for a month though 🤷‍♂️
  7. @DKane73 [1 likes]: Done! I didn't know what that was for, will continue to do that for you.
  8. @bayareahustles [1 likes]: No annual family?
  9. @Mor4me: Thanks 🙏
  10. @michaelbell75: Wow thanks I've had my subscription through Apple for years and wasting money it looks like. Just cancelled my subscription and will get it through Google
  11. @toology55: Crapple
  12. @Permafrostt: Premium lite is soo much better theres just no YT music (dont even use) and only reels have ads, which is fine bcuz they’re easily skipped and i barely watch reels
  13. @hitvalid: i get yt prem 1yr for like 40 bucks lol
  14. @macroholic: Revanced on Android
Sideload on iOS. 

No ads. No sponsors. No bs.
  15. @Mario_YungBlood: Just bite the bullet & push the [skip ads] when it shows up👍👍 or refresh your vid the ad well disappear🙏🙏
  16. @Tobybunz: I was paying the YouTube premium price which I thought was nuts when it went up, but instead, I now added it to my Verizon FiOS Internet and it only cost me $10 a month
  17. @TheOtherOtherMike: I just ad block everything and never pay anything
  18. @JacquesCousteauIsHere: Use Brave browser..................... 👀
  19. @JoeCastellon: Been paying for YT Premium since my toddler was born 6 years ago. Never looked back.
  20. @danielk673: Other than avoiding commercials, I don't see the value in You Tube Premium and I use Firefox and AdBlock to remove commercials. While it doesn't work on Apple TV or the app, I just avoid using them and watch about 90% of my videos on my MacBook.

- How insurance premiums and deductibles work: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] why health insurance can get pretty complicated but typically the point is to pay some money every month so that when you have an accident or sickness strikes your medical costs aren't so expensive that they bankrupt you two of the most important terms in health insurance are premiums and deductibles your premium is that monthly cost for many people who work for companies that offer health insurance this premium comes out of your paycheck automatically your deductible is very different it's a number that signifies an annual threshold and it's distinct for every plan let's say it's 1,000 that's the amount of money that you need to spend out-of-pocket on health care each year before your insurance starts covering your bills deductibles range from a couple hundred dollars to several thousand these terms are related in one simple way usually plans with higher monthly premiums meaning you're paying more every month often have a lower deductible meaning your insurance company will start paying sooner you might want to pick a plan like this if you know you will have significant medical costs next year and the reverse is usually true to lower monthly premiums usually mean a higher deductible this is probably better for healthy people who are willing to take a little more risk with their costs here's how that works in practice let's say you pay a $100 premium every month and you have a $1,000 annual deductible you hurt your knee go to the doctor and find out you need to prepare a torn meniscus the surgery cost $5,000 you pay the first thousand and so long as it's a network your insurance then starts to kick in most plans pay a percentage of the remaining balance typically around 80% so of the $4,000 you still owe your insurer will cover 3,200 that brings your total medical bill up to 1,800 even though the whole surgery costs 5,000 of course there are other costs and terms to keep in mind when talking health insurance like co-pays and coinsurance out-of-pocket limits and knowing how your plan differs for providers in network versus out of network but that's for another video in the meantime here's to a healthier you invest in you ready set grow CNBC and acorns you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SkrillaB999 [4 likes]: Thank you for showing us what school doesn’t I’m 22 an my ass finally took the time to understand how this system works.
  2. @itsbuttababbyyy2370 [2 likes]: omg thank you soooo much for the understanding . im in medical school and i cant just read a book and be expected to know it all. i need someone to further explain it to me because i tend to not understand a few things or have further questions.
  3. @alphagamma4582 [1 likes]: How's that 26k premium in the big beautiful bill?
  4. @SanuSan-r3q: i need health insurance
  5. @Demonoicgamer666: Sounds like a scam to me.
  6. @Ingotiq: goOD
  7. @Nuggie_Lee: Wow
  8. @oboebuddy15: I still don't get it lol
  9. @dharmawiguna3232: this system was failed 🤣🤣🤣
  10. @randomshadow888: Confused Austrian...I say no more
  11. @FinancialCortex: This video is very helpful for me❤
  12. @NicholasVincent-ol1zk: @agentmagicmushroom#imperialpapaversomniferum#weed
  13. @Aaron14LifeZZZ: broken system
  14. @dr.riz1: Just saw a great video about deductible 

https://youtu.be/AeRAodh62K0?si=USpFfqp_Mx4W8SFR
  15. @abczwq8364: invest in you "eat well, exercise, minimize stress"..
  16. @financialeducationvideos: I appreciate your videos on this channel
  17. @kevinrosette3889: This system is broken
  18. @Tennethums1: It doesn’t quite work like this. It’s what we’re TOLD, but it’s not accurate. How do I know? I asked my health insurance co.

Let’s say you get a bill for $1,000. This is the “BILLED” amount. That is, the amount your doctor charged for the services, to your insurance co. (a code/description you can find on the line item).

Next to that is usually some deceptively named thing like “INSURANCE COVERED”. This amount is probably nearly as high as the BILLED and probably has you believing that this is what your noble insurance company paid.

THAT IS THE BIGGEST LIE OF ALL.

That is NOT the amount they paid. If your deductible has not been met, then the “amount due” is what your insurance would have paid for the service (the ACTUAL covered amount).

That large amount that’s “covered” should actually read “ADJUSTED”. What that means is the insurance company is willing to pay a certain amount for services rendered, and it may be $200 instead of that $1000. So, on your bill you’ll see

BILLED: $1,000
COVERED: $800
AMOUNT DUE: $200.

Again, “covered” isn’t what they paid. It’s the adjustment to the bill needed to get to $200 - what they (or you) pay.

So, when you see those huge amounts under “covered”, don’t confuse them for…well…coverage. They are simply adjustments (deceptively labeled) to the billed amount, to reflect actual paid amounts (by you or them).

They are telling you they don’t pay $1000. They pay $200 (or you). That’s reflected as $1000-$800.
  19. @newsbd-d5i: Us health insurance ⬇️ 

https://bluefox1122.blogspot.com/2025/06/health-insurance-usa-2025-complete-guide.html
  20. @KimZulufrtwwcumulwemvm: Amasing video! great great! It must have taken a lot of effort to do it.

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @TheGuineaPigClub21: Good content!
  3. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  4. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  5. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  6. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  7. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  8. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  9. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  10. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  11. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  13. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  14. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  16. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  17. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  18. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  19. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  20. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,

- WHY IS INSURANCE COMPANY CHARGING ME MORE PREMIUM FOR MY CAR INSURANCE RENEWAL? | #ram  #2023: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey I have purchased a motor insurance last year which is like 20,000 rupees and the idv is 10 lakh Rupees this year my idv got reduced to 9 lakhs but my insurance premium has increased to 22,000 rupees this year why should I pay high premium when my value gets decreased many of you have this question right yes the calculation of insurance Works in different patterns you might be having only own damage insurance or a third party insurance or additional coverages like zero dep consumables engine product all these will be calculated basing on the claims ratios of the insurance companies that's how though your insured declared value that's the value of the vehicle decreases year by year but the insurance premium has a slighter increas next year because of this multiple calculations so the third party insurance premium is decided by the government the irda body they will be deciding a number which may be approximately basing on your cubic capacity of the vehicle and the zone of the vehicle so if your cubic capacity is 1,000 CC to, 1500 CC the insurance premium that is the third party insurance premium would be somewhere around 3,000 to 4,000 if your if your cubic capacity is below 1000 cc the insurance premium amount that is third party insurance premium amount which would be costing approximately around 2,000 Rupees if your vehicle cubic capacity is above, 1500 CC the insurance third party premium would be approximately above 7,000 rupe so basing on all these calculations the third party premium which is fixed by the irda is a mandate premium which you need to pay and year on year these third party claims are increasing and that's the reason third party premiums are also increasing so last year you might be paying a third party premium of one number and this year you might be paying a third party premium of another number which insurance company has no control on it which is decided by the irda now the third the own damage premium which has the discounts this premiums can be offered at a discounted price but you have have a limitations in those discounts if your make model has a huge claim impact this complete year the next year premiums would be the discount will be little reduced if this year the insurance company offers you a discount of 60% and the make and model of your vehicle is Honda Jazz next year if your Honda Jazz Vehicles across India has hit a majority of the claims next year Honda Jazz model might be reduced its discount of 60% to maybe only a 40% it depends from company to company that's the reason insurance premiums keep increasing year on year reduces it's not mandate that it needs to be increased various factors like zero depreciation coverage and consumable coverage or engine product coverage which are key coverages for you this keeps increasing because your vehicle will be more exposed to risk ear on here because these coverages will give you a complete coverage for your vehicle and the chances of the vehicle getting meeting accident might also get increased that's the reason the premiums will be increased year on year thank you for watching our video please like share and subscribe please follow us for interesting updates on insurance because we are mad over insurance

- Best Business Strategies Customer Testimonial AD: Kind: captions Language: en how did i get better control of my payroll inventory profitability and increase my cash flow sage 50 accounting and sage payment solutions with local training from best business strategies how did i learn to more efficiently utilize my accounting software sage 50 accounting software with local support from best business strategies the best business strategies we offer local training and many other custom software solutions that work seamlessly with sage 50. call best business strategies now for your free business assessment

- Professional Services - Suited to Business - Outsource2Us Client Testimonial Video: Kind: captions Language: en if someone were looking to build a website for their business what would you tell them about outsourced to us i would say that outsourced to us one of the major benefits is that you have multiple services in one shop so you'll get the website but you'll also get advice across all of your marketing which it all links together so it really does help to have that advice across the board and i'd also say that it's a small business but with this multiple services so you get the personal touch but also the help across the different areas

- Testimonial Video Ad Business Expert for my Company - Joel Warren: Kind: captions Language: en hi joel warren here from the salon project and i've been working with evie phillips for years now and i can't say enough about her she's been incredible with helping me build my business grow our business outreach contacting influencers she's also been amazing at collecting analytics and data and as a person she's incredible you can always rely on her she's incredible at following up doing all tasks and details every time we get anything done she's on the spot ready to her go her team's incredible i can't say enough about her so um if you're looking for someone to help you with influencing programs growing your business marketing website pretty much everything evie phillips and cree is amazing as long as i know i give her 100 percent uh uh job on that she's uh unbelievable so what more can i say you

- Client Testimonials Website & Google Advertising Work Feedback: Kind: captions Language: en hey god it's Lord from Walker's cover cleaning of had Jack make my website Walker's cover cleaning and he's gone over and beyond expectations for for how long it took and for the professionalism really really happy with with the way it's come out and he's got me ranked on the first page of Google within a month so yeah I recommend Jack's work to anyone and yeah I've got a lot of work from my website so much much respect to Jack and the crew at webs own will make my website and yeah if anyone would like to talk to me about Jack's work feel free alright thank you very much

- Enhance Your Reputation with Video Testimonials and Expert Tips | Local Marketing Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en Traditional reputation marketing focuses&nbsp; on capturing written reviews and posting&nbsp;&nbsp; them on platforms like Google and Facebook. But&nbsp; with our enhanced reputation marketing service,&nbsp;&nbsp; we take it a step further. Not only do&nbsp; we capture and share written reviews,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we also include powerful video testimonials&nbsp; from your happiest customers and expert tip videos&nbsp;&nbsp; to position you as the local thought leader in&nbsp; your industry. In today's digital first world,&nbsp;&nbsp; your reputation is everything. Video testimonials&nbsp; and expert tip videos can increase customer trust&nbsp;&nbsp; by 89%. And businesses using video in their&nbsp; reputation strategy see a 15 to 20% boost&nbsp;&nbsp; in conversions. Adding video to your marketing&nbsp; strategy also increases your chances of ranking&nbsp;&nbsp; higher on Google by 53 times. And the best&nbsp; part, no need for expensive production teams&nbsp;&nbsp; or complicated editing. Our platform makes it&nbsp; easy to create polished, professional videos&nbsp;&nbsp; that connect with your audience without the high&nbsp; cost. Get the professional results you need fast&nbsp;&nbsp; with the service designed for today's video-driven&nbsp; world. Ready to enhance your reputation? Reach out&nbsp;&nbsp; today and learn how you can get started with&nbsp; our enhanced reputation marketing service.

- My Facebook Ads Strategy to PROFITABLE Scale Luxury Brands (Post Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en If you own a luxury brand and you're running Facebook ads, then most likely you're doing this wrong because what you're probably doing is just copying what big brands are doing within the space and this of course not working for you. And so you'll most likely see a very low return on the ad spend. That's basically something that we saw 3 four years ago once we started working with different luxury brands in different niches like skincare, supplements, wellness, and perfumes. And we've been achieving actually very good results as you can see right now on the screen. And there is a specific strategy that we follow that allow us to find this perfect sweet spot between branding and performance because if you push too much on the performance side, you're going to lose some brand image. And then if you're going to push too much on the branding side, then you're not going to see the performance that you want and your ads are just not profitable. And in this video, I want to show you exactly what we do for this luxury brand and how we're able to generate amazing results with rows ranging from two to four over the past 3 four years. And without further ado, let me jump on my screen here so I can show you exactly what I'm talking about. In this video again, I will share exactly the Facebook ad strategy that we use to scale luxury brand with higher ROAS without hearting the brand image. And this is a very common mistake that I see and it's very important because if you own a luxury brand, you just cannot be aggressive with the copy and with the ads. That's it. This is how it works. So if you want to have a luxury brand, you need to find the perfect balance between branding and performance. Let me actually show you some results over here. So this is this month data with like one of our client. This is like a luxury brand. As you can see uh you will see directly from the average purchase conversion value 334 which is very high for a skincare product. And as you can see we spent uh 10k there to announcement is 2.12 and you can definitely see that is a luxury product because the CPM is very high. is over 130 the overall CPM. And that's because when you try to target high spending people like high spender people with like a high income that can spend money on a very high price product compared to the competitors then you need to run ads towards specific niche of people that of course is much smaller compared to the overall audience that you can target. And let me show you actually what happened with this brand. So as you can see these are the performance of this year from the 1st until the 20th of December 2025 which is our performance and then as you can see here 0.33x rowas these were the performance that this brand was getting with the previous agency that was managing their ads the year before 2024 and these are actually the difference in terms of ad spend. So they were spending 2k with 0.33x rows and what we did we were basically spending 10k in this period one to the 1st to the 20th of December. So 20 days um and we spent 10k. So we spent I don't know like four five times higher the budget and we increased the ras by 541%. Which is crazy of course. And actually the ro is even higher because uh there was until the 20th but if we consider until the 23rd of December the ro was even 230. So even like 600% higher compared to last year. There is a big difference here in CPM. So if you compare the CPM of 2024 while the previous agency was running the ads for them and 2025 while we were running the ads for them then you can see the difference in CPM is huge. It was 35 before now is 137. Why do you think it's actually bad? At the end of the day you don't care about CPM if your return aspect is high. Right? So uh what we did was improve the targeting. So laser focus the targeting towards people that spend a lot of money. So people that are like high net worth people ideally I mean not need necessarily high net worth but you know people that can spend 300 here what was the AOB 300400 pounds over like a a product a skincare product so definitely not the average person right so by improving the targeting what we did we were able to reach a more niche audience and so for this reason the CPM went up so by having an increase in CPM we actually improve the performance and so this is something that you need to think when you run ads for a luxury brand because you need to think in a different way compared to other brands like supplement brands where you you know you need to decrease as much as possible the CPM like win the auction and all those things. Of course there are like different ways to decrease the CPM but we need to start from the baseline and the baseline is the the vast majority of the cost in terms of CPM is defined by the audience that you're targeting and how big is the audience. Smaller the audience, the bigger the CPM. And so by doing this, we can see we're targeting a more smaller audience because of course they spend more. That means that targeting has improved. And by improving the targeting, so by improving the ads at the end of the day, we were able to get this kind of results. But now let me jump in the actual process so I can show you guys exactly what I'm talking about. The main issue that luxury brands face right now is this one. Basically, there is a broken connection between performance and luxury positioning. Because on one side usually there is the brand owner, the brand founder that wants to focus on a on a luxury product, luxury niche, luxury positioning and on the other side there is the performance team like the performance marketing manager or either the the agency that is pushing towards a more performance approach and there is a broken connection because they don't know how this connection actually works. Basically what I want to show you in this video is how you can actually fix and the solution in this is finding a balance between branding and performance. Because what you we have here is going to be basically a high return on aspect which is basically going to balance. Of course being a luxury brand having a 2x row the margins will be crazy high because most likely you're going to have much higher margins compared to you know the competitors because you're just pricing the product much higher. probably the cost it's not going to be much more expensive compared to the others but your margin much bigger and so you can afford to have a low row as compared to the competitors but still make it profitable. Let me jump actually on the step-by-step process and how this actually works. So we can divide this into three different steps. The first step is find what's working for top competitors. Now the reality is that 99% of brands just get this wrong. Why? Because 99% of brands look at giant brands. They can even be called the competitor. So for instance, let's say you sell luxury skincare and when you do competitor research, you look at brands like La Mer or August. So of course these ads are not going to work for you because they have a huge brand positioning. They have a huge brand awareness already in the market. So most likely whatever ad they put there is going to work for them. But this is not going to happen for you because no one knows you yet, right? If you try to copy their winning ads, they will most likely not work for you. they will work for them because they have a huge market awareness already. Even a simple product photo could work for La Mer for instance or Augustimos Bair. But this is not going to work for a smaller brand. And when I talk about small brand, I mean brand with less than 1 million per year in terms of revenue. What you want to do is look at brands with your similar within your similar sides even if they are not even if they are not luxury brands. The goal of your research is to find winning ad concept and angles in the market. Okay? Whatever the brand is, whatever they they're selling a product that cost 10 or whatever you're sending a a product that cost 500. But what the most important thing that you need to look at is looking at the brands that are your similar size, not a much bigger brands because what works for them is 100% not going to work for you. And this is where 99% of brands basically get this wrong. The second thing which is a smart thing that a lot of brands don't do is matching the winning angle to your brand tone. So at this point you know already after the research that you do you know the creative concept that works and the angles that works. So now what you need to do you need to adapt this to match your brand style tone and image of the luxury positioning that you want to have. Okay. And this is where smart like smart people and like the way that you do this adaptation makes you a successful Facebook ads campaign with a higher ROS or just breaks everything. Another element that you need to consider is the additional trust that you need from these other brands that you see most likely the ads from because if you price your products at a much higher uh price point compared to the competitors then you need to justify that. So why why is that happening? like what is the luxury positioning about you know you need to create this positioning and one of the easiest way to create it is by stacking a lot of trusting elements. So if you adapt this message here that you get from competitors that are most likely running very performance aggressive tone and copy and ads you need to adapt to your brand. So you need to get less aggressive. What is going to happen is that you're going to lose some conversion points. What I mean by that is that your ads are less direct to response. And by being less direct to response, you will have most likely less response. So a lower return on the ad spend, right? So you need to balance this by stacking additional trust. You need to have more trust element within your funnel, within the the journey, within the market, within, you know, when someone search for your brand online, what is going to what is going to appear on Google or whatever other you know AI system now people search on. So you need to make sure that the brand image that you curate is not just on the ass but it's like on a much broader level. There are some things that you can of course add here in this case like when it comes to ads and landing page and so you need to make sure that this trust elements that you add are uh spread across your ads and landing page. Now what type of trust elements I'm referring to? These are the main five trust elements you want to have. Of course there are many many more but these are the one like the most important ones you need to have. customer reviews. And in this case, what you need to have is like the reviews, people should actually say why they would prefer to buy your product, spend x amount more of money rather than another product that probably can solve the same problem uh at a much lower price. And uh you need also to have celebrities endorsement. So ideally, you want to have some celebrities using your product because when it comes to luxury, most likely there is a celebrity or someone behind that that is, you know, kind of using it. the kind of using the product, right? You need to have some magazine PR mentions overall, you know, blog, these kind of magazines. You need to make sure that your brand is appearing here. You need to show the logos across your ads, across your landing page because you just need more trust and also you need to do some events. You need to create events. You need to do content during the events and you need to use this content during the events as ads and uh you need to show this on your website as well. And then lastly, award. So you need to show the kind of awards that your brand has in terms of like how many awards you've won, why, and so on. And then the last part here is that offline presence. So if you're selling a luxury product, most likely you want to be present on some retail places like Selfridges or these kind of retail places where there are other kind of luxury products. And so by doing this, you're automatically basing positioning your product as a luxury within people mind. So, by running ads and showing that your product is available in these retail stores, then the conversion of your ads will increase. And this is proven because we did the same. And that's it for this video, guys. If you have any question, feel free to leave a comment, leave a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: When you are marketing luxury products, it's honestly more about positioning your product next to other high profile/status people, and then rebroadcasting that to the audience you want to buy.  People will buy almost anything you sell, if you can convince your market everyone else is using/buying it.
  2. @DannyK-o5v [1 likes]: i just wanted to follow up and say that your other strategy on your other video help me maintain a 3 roas so thanks it worked
  3. @nubreakz1: when you mentioned that you compared ads of similar size brands - how do you know that those ads 'work' for them? i mean you could find their ads, ok, but roas can be unacceptable. they can spend thousands usd and lose money and you take inspo from their ads?

- Travel Agent Ad Strategy: Fix Your Facebook Campaigns in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back, guys. I got another banger video for you today. What I'm going to be doing is breaking down the analysis component of running a meta ad campaign. Because I think uh what really separates uh people when it comes to running ads on Meta is having a clear understanding of where you need to be from an ad budget perspective to really really scale uh your ads. Now, a lot of people when they run ads on Meta, they're running at a really, really low cost per day. And when I mean a low cost per day, I mean like honestly anything under like $500 a day, which sounds like a lot, but really what Meta is looking for is Meta is looking for uh about 50 conversions per week to get a clear understanding as to who our target audience is. Meta when it comes to running ads is kind of has like a ballpark when it comes to it algorithm. and it does a pretty decent job of getting to people, but it needs to be fed to get pinpoint accurate understanding as to what we're looking to accomplish. And ad spend really allows us to accomplish that. And that 50 conversions per week is really that baseline that uh Meta talks about needing to have to really feed the algorithm. So, what do I mean by that? 50 conversions. What does that mean? That's kind of um you know, it's not very clear. [snorts] If you're running a uh Facebook campaign where you want people to book an appointment with you or fill out a form or sign up for a webinar, uh once you have around 50 of those conversions per week, you're sending enough information back to the Facebook pixel for it to have a clearer understanding as to who is seeing your ads and then going to click on that next action of uh filling out the form, signing up for the webinar, all those sorts of things. If you can't achieve 50 conversions per week, which for a lot of people is going to be really, really tough. That's where the ad spend thing comes into play, it's going to be really, really hard to actually train the pixel. Now, this doesn't mean that you can't be successful with a meta campaign. It just means that if you don't have a big budget to run on ads, you have to be really surgical and precise with what's going on with your meta ads. >> [snorts] >> So, with that, with that said, in this video, I'm going to break down how to actually read the meta campaigns, [snorts] uh, as much as you possibly can and how all of these things are kind of working in the back end so you can get a better analysis as to whether or not your ad campaigns are actually working or if they're really terrible. because it might look like on paper that they're not doing anything, but in reality, they're actually doing something in the back end and we just need to understand how to help it out. So, it's really important to understand if you cannot get 50 conversions per week for the thing that you're looking to accomplish, we need to be really surgical with our ad spend. Now before I actually jump into crunching these numbers and understanding these things, I need to uh introduce you to audience types. There's broad interest and lookalike audience types. Now we are running off of the assumption that when you launch a meta campaign, you are doing so with the ads manager, the meta ads manager. If you are boosting a post, this is not applicable to this. I would also say don't do that. You're just throwing money into the wind. [snorts] You really need to go to Meta Ads Manager to get the most out of your ad campaign. So that's number one. Step number one, you have to run ads out of Meta Ads Manager to actually generate results. So let's circle back to these audience types. What is broad? As the name kind of implies, this is a broad target. You're basically just saying to Meta, hey, we're running ads. This is our creative. Get this in front of as many people as possible. use the algorithm to find those people that we're looking for and get them to commit to an action. So, in this scenario, let's be a little bit more specific, right? Let's say we're running a webinar because I think a webinar for a lot of travel advisors is going to be one of the best mechanisms for lead generation if you're running ads on Meta. Okay, so in this scenario, we are running ads to get people to go to a webfunnel where they sign up for a webinar and then they join our webinar and we convert them into leads or sorry into clients. All right, so with a broad audience type, you have an ad creative. Let's say you're promoting uh a trip to Tanzania and in your creative you're saying something like, "Have you ever wanted to go to Tanzania? Join our webinar today uh to learn more about what it looks like to go to Tanzania." Something like that. And people see that creative and they click they sign up on your your your webfunnel for the uh for the webinar that then sends information back to uh Meta that hey this person went from the meta platform to your webunnel and signed up for a webinar. That's a conversion. So for broad targeting for it to really really do well you need a lot of data of more people signing up for your webinar. Again about 50 per week for that to actually occur. And to give you a little bit more context, a really solid webinar is converting at about $5 to $10 a day. I mean, a really, really good webinar with really good creative is converting around that uh price point. I would say the average is converting around $25 a day. So, sorry, $25 per registration. So, you [clears throat] can do the math, right? If we need 50 a week and it's costing us, let's say on the upper B band of $25 to $30, that's a lot of ad spend to get to that 50 uh per week, right? So, we can see those are our reverse engineering metrics. If we want to run a broad audience, we can tap into every single user uh on Meta that is going to actually see that ad and take action. It's really cool. But what's really cool about Meta and also scary is that there's over thou there's a few thousand different data attribution points that Meta has on each and every single Meta user and you know that's Facebook, Instagram across both platforms and threads and I think even WhatsApp. So Meta can do a really good job of finding the right people, but it needs help. It needs information. It needs data and the only way we're going to be able to give that data is by spending money. But then you have interest targeting. That's essentially where we go to meta and we say, "Hey, I'm going to help you out a little bit more. I'm going to tell you that these are people who have a high income. They have an interest in Tanzania. They are frequent travelers. Uh, and maybe they're, I don't know, um, they follow, let me think of a good one. I don't know. They follow Abberrombie and Kent on Facebook." This will create an audience size. So, if you're broad, that's going to be all of the users of of Meta within that particular region. Most of you are probably going to run it on the United States. If you do interest targeting, you're immediately uh making your audience size much smaller to a point where it's only those people who have that interest type. So, it could go from, let's say, 365 million to maybe 12 million people, which is still an insane amount of people. This will help you uh get uh Meta's algorithm a little bit more dialed, but it's still too broad. One thing about Meta's algorithm, how it works, is that there's a ton of different event types. There's purchase, there's add to cart, there's schedule, there's registration, there's uh lead, all of these c certain things. And we can tell Facebook what we classify uh as each one of those events. Like if someone comes to our website, it's called a page view event and we're able to send that information back to Meta. And we can say, hey, here are all the people who have visited our site. If we want to get more in front of people who visit our site, we can tell uh Facebook, hey, we just want to get in front of people who uh have committed to this event, this page view event. But if we want more uh webinar registrations, we have to have people who are uh taking the uh initiative to actually register for webinars. So the way that Facebook works is it actually has those metrics. It knows whether uh an individual has a tendency to sign up or register for an event, a webinar, a local event, whatever it might be. and it will run those ads to those people, but it will also uh look at people who like never sign up for anything or maybe they click on an ad and do a page view of your webunnel, but they never take any action. There's so many different data points that Facebook is trying to utilize to get in front of your target audience. Okay, now that leads us to lookalike audiences. So, what's cool about lookalike audiences is this gives us the capability to run to a very specific audience type based off of data that we've already collected in-house data. So, let's say you run ads for over a year and you've gotten a thousand webinar registrations. You can then take that audience, you can say, "Here's my list of a thousand people. They've all signed up for my webinar. They here's their names. Here's their email. All that stuff." and you give it to Facebook and you say, "We want to look at this audience and we want to get people who are just like this." We develop a lookalike audience. Now, instead of, you know, 12 million people based off that off of that interest target, now we have maybe a million people based off of our custom audience. And Facebook has even more clarity as to who is looking at your webinar and signing up for that webinar. Now, this is under the assumption that it's still a Tanzania webinar and you're looking for booked registrations. All right? It's very granular. Your cost per lead is going to go much lower and it'll do a much better job at getting in front of your target audience and doing those conversions, but it's a much smaller audience size. So, eventually you could burn through that. The smaller your audience size, the faster you're going to burn through that audience size, and you'll have to come up with different offers and different angles and different creatives. So broad, you have 365 million people. You can run an ad and keep running that ad as long as it's producing the results that you're looking for. And you can run that ad until you exhaust that entire 365 million people. And I'll give you uh a little p peak behind the curtain as to how much uh ad spend that I've done and how many people have gotten in front of to give you a little bit more context as to how long it would take to go through every single person on meta uh before you would say, "All right, I need to change my creative." The same thing is going to happen with your interest and then your lookalike. The smaller your audience, the faster you're going to quote unquote burn through your creative. Okay, so that's the context behind the meta ad stuff, right? It's really important to understand the back end of these sorts of things when it comes to meta because now that we have that sort of picture, we can develop creative and a game plan to get in front of more people. You're eventually once you find something that works going to want to spend money on broad targeting because it increases your audience size. And Facebook is going to take all the data that it's learned through its pixel, your personal pixel, to get in front of more people that are doing that action, that webinar registration action that we want. All right. If this sounds really advanced, it's because this is really advanced. This is why people who know this stuff and do really well um can be very, very, very, very, very successful. Because here's the thing about running ads. Meta [snorts] is just one platform. There's hundreds of different ways to produce leads. This is just one. [snorts] If if you have the capability of getting your message in front of your target audience, they will get the thing. They will buy the thing. They will do the thing that you want them to do. They will sign the registration for the webinar. They will book an appointment with you. They will buy your item. It's just a question of whether or not we can get in front of our audience with the right offer that resonates with them and their pain point. That's why for a lot of marketing, everything kind of starts with your offer. Do you have this? Are you this person? Do you have this painoint? Well, we have this solution. It's that simple. But it's very difficult in execution because wording matters. Copy matters. Your ad campaign lives and dies by the power of your hook and your offer. So, these things are super crucial. Okay. With all of that said, let's actually break down an existing ad campaign that I'm running for the Travel Agents Academy to get more students enrolled into our academy. Now, because this is a brand new pixel, uh, a bunch of brand new data sets, we are testing a lot of different things to find the thing that works the best. I'm going to try and make this video a little bit shorter and not make this a 2hour long video because it can very easily get to that point. But with that said, let's actually go to the ad campaign. You're going to lose my face because I can't for some reason with Meta uh show my face when I uh screen share. All right. So, uh let's actually go to uh my ad account for uh the Travel Agents Academy. You can see here that we've been running uh this these ads since I don't even know, maybe like a month now. We've tried uh a ton of different campaigns that we've had variations and variations and variations and variations of. All right, so let's actually get into an existing campaign that we're running right now. I'm going to reverse engineer these numbers and kind of give you a little bit more clarity as to what the thought process is. Okay, so this is our current campaign. Really what we're looking to do is for people to buy a low ticket uh item where we're teaching them uh a little like a a one thing about sales, one thing about marketing. Those are our two offers. We're looking for people to buy those things to offset the cost of the advertising so that way uh we can more cheaply get in front of our target audience and create a custom audience and then do retargeting. I know this doesn't make any sense yet. I'm going to break all of this stuff down. Okay, so as you can see here, we're averaging a $41 cost per purchase and we spent about $123. I'm not really happy with this. I want this to be probably around $5 to $10 cost per purchase. So, we have to dial this in to get in front uh of the right target audience. So, as a campaign, this is our overview. This is our campaign right here. And we have three different ad sets or we did have three different adsets. Let me go to a past one. So we had three different adsets. We had interest target, lookalike audience, and broad set audience. Now Facebook, what it's going to be doing with its algorithm is if you do not have enough data attribution points, it's going to uh look at things like CTR and engagement rate. CTR is a click-through rate. And if I scroll over here to the right, we can see our click-through rate right here. We have a 2.62 62 3 and a 1.29. A really like average CTR is about 2%. A really great CTR is 3% or higher. Uh I would say actually anywhere from 2 to 3% is a pretty good CTR and gives us a good base set. But inside each one of these ad sets are ad creatives which are going to skew the total CTR. Now, let me jump deeply into the broad set and kind of give you a little bit more like information as to how that's performing from an ad set level, like the ad creative level. So, I'm jumping in here more and I can see that our CTRs are completely different. The one creative that's actually generated um I believe this is one that's actually generated a purchase. Now, let me do this. So, we've gotten two purchases with this particular creative with $50 spent. And we've gotten in front of a,000 people with this ad, with this one ad creative. And our cost per click was about $2.91. This means someone saw our ad, they clicked it, and it went to our site. So, we were paying $2.91 to look at our ad, uh, click it, and then come to our site. But our CTR was actually really, really low, 1.25%, 25% which is a below average when it comes to engagement metrics for a creative. Alternatively, if I come back here to let's say interest targeting which again we are honing in more as to who our target audience is. We're basically telling Facebook we want to get in front of travel agents. If I come here I can see automatically my CTR is a lot higher. Now, if you do not have uh a lot of data going back to Facebook for your event that you want to track, in our case it's a purchase event. If we do not have over 50 of these events happening every week, the data uh the pixel is actually going to be sort of starving for data. So, it's going to look at the next best thing. It's going to look at subevents that might occur through that process. These are page view events. These could be if you have a registration form that they need to fill uh before they can actually buy a thing, they might be looking at that event as well. The more common one is going to be a page view event because that is uh included in your pixel. Anytime you add a pixel to your site, it's going to automatically include that page view event. So, if you do not have those 50 per week conversions for your uh thing that you want to occur in our event, a purchase, Facebook is then going to look at page view event. This is also going to skew your data because if we're not getting enough of our purchase events, Facebook will then look at our page uh page view events and it will promote the broad set a lot more because Facebook does a really good job of generating traffic to your website, but that doesn't necessarily mean that that traffic is interested in the thing that you're selling and looking to actually take that action of purchase or in the webinar uh situation, sign up for a webinar because it's a different data set, they have a higher likelihood of viewing a website as opposed to taking that next action. So, when Facebook doesn't have enough data, it goes to that next thing, which is a page view uh event. And that's going to skew our our pixel and the data that we're sending back to Facebook because it's going to see all of these page view events and think, "Oh, hey, we're doing the thing that the client wants us to do. we're getting in front of a target audience who is going and viewing the webfunnel. So, it's going to keep on hammering, hammering, and hammering those people who are more likely to do a page view event. So, if we're running a really low ad spend, you're more than likely not going to want to have a page view event. I highly recommend turning it off um just to test things um and and things move really quickly with advertising, especially on on meta. So, this could change, but as of right now in November 2025, I would recommend just turning off page view. The next thing that's going to happen, the next uh sort of engagement metric is whether or not people are going to look at the ad creative. It's going to look at your CTR. It's going to look at your clicks, and it's going to find creative where uh people are engaging with it more, which is totally fine because you do want Facebook to find an ad creative that is more engaging for people. uh because then that's going to ultimately result in a lower cost per lead when it comes to the ultimate um event that you want to uh occur. This is why if you run a Facebook event and you're just doing like a lead form or a messenger um lead event, you're going to have much more quote unquote leads because the barrier to entry is much smaller and Facebook can track all of that stuff within it. you can have someone who accidentally fills out a form or accidentally messages you and that's qualified as a lead and you can dirty the pixel uh more and more. So when we structure a meta campaign like this, it has a lot more um I guess of a learning phase, but you're cleaning the pixel a lot better and you're giving it really clean, accurate data as opposed to dirtying it with uh leads that you wouldn't say are leads. they're just junk leads or they accidentally, you know, signed up for the thing or or whatever it might be. Hopefully that helps. I understand that this is a lot of information and this is sort of drinking from a fire hose, but uh for the one person that this is going to be helpful for, I think that's really powerful. I do want to take a second here to say that if this is you where you're feeling really overwhelmed with this and you don't know what to do, I would encourage you to look at the travel agents academy. Come join us at our at our academy. I actually go through situations like this live with your account and actually give you clear advice as to what you need to do next so there's no confusion. And if you're unhappy with, you know, our systems or our program, um, we'll give you your money back. You know, we have a 30-day guarantee where there's no questions asked. Okay? So, hopefully that'll be interesting to you. Now with that said, coming back to this sort of lesson, uh as you can see here, we have interest targeting and we have lookalike uh audience. Our click-through rate is actually much higher um than our in our lookalike past audience than our interest targeting. And I should say this, I forgot to mention that our lookalike audience is actually comprised of data points uh from me running ads for a year under Apex Creatives, which is my marketing agency where I helped uh travel agents grow their business for like the last like two three years. I was running uh that that agency for that particular offer. Apex is still around. We just do something entirely different. Um, so I had all of these incredible data point data points of travel agents who were actively looking for help uh for their business. So this is a a clear indication that that data is still really relevant. We're getting less clicks because our population is much smaller and data uh Facebook is actually uh pushing more of the amount the ad spend into different um ad sets. You can see here $140 went to interest targeting, $72 went to broad set, and $28 went to our lookalike audience. Now, you're probably asking, why is Facebook allocating less ad spend to the ad set that's doing the best? It simply goes back to not having enough data going back to the pixel for Facebook to completely understand. So, this is where I mean we have to be surgical with it. We can see that our cost per lead for our broad set is way too high. And even at this point, our cost per lead for interest targeting based off of our lookalike audience is too high as well. So, I can turn this off and and just focus the ad set and the ad creatives on our lookalike audience because that's doing the best right now. Okay. So, let me circle back to our fundamentals behind the Travel Agents Academy. What are we looking to actually accomplish with our marketing in the Facebook campaign? Like I said, we are looking for people to take some sort of action that shows us that they're interested in growing their agency. So, we're asking them to purchase something that we know is going to help their agency. And this helps us get in front of more people who are willing to spend money to help grow their agency. They can see the value of investing inside the academy. So, this is a great low ticket way to sort of separate people who are not really truly interested in growing their agency with people who are definitely interested in growing their agency. So, let me go to our current campaign and kind of break down what we've seen in the last few days and what our next steps are going forward with this campaign. So, as I mentioned, we actually turned off the broad set match and we've only been focusing on interest targeting and lookalike audiences. We wanted to replicate what was happening the previous week and see if that uh same situation would uh occur. And we could see that yet again our lookalike audience has performed significantly better than our interestbased audience. So now we've turned off the interestbased targeting and we're only focusing on our lookalike audience. And I had mentioned that we have two offers for these audiences. One is a sales focused offer and another is a marketing offer. Throughout these two campaigns, we've only been focused on a sales offer. So now our next step is to test the two offers. Which one is more uh uh important to our target audience? Is it helping with sales or is it helping with marketing? Once we have that understanding, we can actually uh pour more ad spend into an offer that works better versus the other. Because ultimately what we're doing is we're getting people who are taking an event, a purchase event, and showing to us that they are interested in the thing that we are offering in some capacity. They are underneath the umbrella of looking to uh improve their agency and they're willing to spend money to do it. Even if it's a low ticket of, you know, I think it's uh $18 for our marketing offer and then for the sales one, it's something like $27. just enough for us to see, okay, hey, these people are financially motivated and investing in their business. Okay, so we have a lookalike audience of past travel agents that uh has helped us create, I think, an audience size of about 2 to 3 million people that we can run an offer to to generate interest in our product, the Travel Agents Academy. We've now gotten our cost per result average to around $16 for just the sales offer. Our next step is actually to uh AB split the offer and test how a marketing offer would do versus a sales Once we have more data on this, our next step is to create a a different audience to target specifically with our travel agents academy offer. Once we have a hundred people who have purchased the uh I'll say our low ticket offers, we can then create a custom audience of just those individuals and hammer those folks as well. Or what we can do is we can create a retargeting campaign to look at the people who have engaged with our ads and rehit them with different angles, different messages. Maybe it's more information focused. Maybe it's more of a different offer. It can be so many different things that we can retarget with. So, let me show you what that looks like real quick. So, if I move this to video engagement, this tells me how many people uh h we've reached. So, about 1,200 people. And let me do this. We have 3 second plays. So, out of 1,200 people, about uh maybe about 10% have stopped the ad and watched the first 3 seconds. So, that's a pretty high CTR. That's going to be probably it's about a 10% CTR. So what this does is this also creates uh an an audience of people who have engaged with our content. They have found our 3 seconds our offer interesting. They just need maybe rehit. Maybe they need that 7 hours of engagement, that 7 hours engagement rule. And with that metric, we can actually do a lot more with our advertising. So hopefully this helps. I wanted to break all of this down. Again, I realize that this is very data inensive, but the reality of the situation for for running ads, for doing marketing is that data is a crucial crucial aspect to marketing. So if you feel overwhelmed with those sorts of things, I really encourage you to uh reach out to us at the academy. We'd love to have you. We'd love to help you out. Um and hopefully we'll talk soon. If you want to learn more uh and and kind of follow along, we're going to be creating more content like this as time goes on. So, uh give us a like, give give us a subscription, uh share us if you think this could help one of your friends or your colleagues. I appreciate it. And uh we'll see you soon.

- The 5 Most Common Facebook Ad Mistakes That Jewelry Brands Make: Kind: captions Language: en when I talk to jewelry Brandon owners I see kind of the same Facebook ad mistakes that they are doing over and over and over now these mistakes are burning their money but besides that they are working on the wrong things and that is taking so much time that they could you know use it for their business for their family or for their Hobbies so I'm gonna show you in this video the five most Facebook ad Mistakes by the jewelry brand owners do and how to fix them but first and the biggest mistake is the product positioning is the wrong from the first day now think about it most likely you're already selling products that the marketplace has already seen before it's not something revolutionary what makes you think that you know just launching this video launching this image as an ad and saying hey shop now my like buy my products buy one get one for free like they will completely forget all the our jewelry Brands maybe that they've been purchased before maybe that they already have trust they have experience with them and they will start by buying from you this is as silly as it sounds you cannot expect that you cannot have this kind of expectations especially if your products are not that a revolution or not that you know new to the marketplace yeah you might think that you know my products are unique my products are like special but if you think about it if you literally like make the product research you will see that in 99.9 of the cases the products you are selling is not a better different now that is why product positioning comes here in place it plays a huge role because with a proper positioning which means how people see your product they will be more likely with a strong message to convert so you have to have a message if it inspires entertains and educates a client to buy from you and not from your competitors and I pull up here an example and I want to kind of walk you through this video and you will see whether they are not selling jewelry they are selling something different so let's take a look at and let's take actually some notes Here so what can you see here you can see that they are not selling jewelry they are selling pretty much by wearing our products you feel beautiful you can express yourself when you're talking about the emotional needs the emotional desires they are talking about it having fun right they are talking about it having their most magical moments when you are wearing this product so they are not talking about with hey we've got you know these Rings we've got this kind of necklaces like shop now buy my products even both you don't know me like you're you know in the dating space you will be like hey marry me without knowing me pretty much this is what you are asking for when you're putting this type of ads so this is the biggest mistake and this is the first mistake that business owners don't so think about it what kind of message what do you want to portray with your jewelry products so for that make your customer search and like have a base thinking process think about why you started this business in the first place what you want to accomplish and pretty much package that in one single creative and that's your message that's your story now moving to the second mistake which is also a big one is testing audiences so usually when I coach Urban owners and when I talk to them were when we have this partnership and they kind of like sometimes tell me hey aren't you like I feel that we are not kind of targeting the Right audience like I feel that you know we we do not show our ads to our Right audience so that's why they are thinking oh let me go and you know test these different interests test like this look-alikes like look like one person probably is going to work better then look like oh five percent things like that so they are focusing on this kind of things that I call them nowadays gimmicks now back then yes it was important but nowadays why this is not relevant because targeting happens on the other level where you have your visuals your creatives your copy and targeting does not happen actually one but at that level so the algorithms they look differently now on how to Target your audience that's why you see all these changes that we're making in the first place that we are removing this interest we are discontinued with interest with its behaviors so and you will see that over time we're gonna make more changes like that and pretty much I believe that in a couple of years we'll not even have this interest we will just use broad audiences without demographics without any kind of interest and all the targeting is just gonna happen strictly on that at the level now I have dedicated videos where I talk about how to target audience using your ad creatives so you could take a look at that video because it's going to give you much more clarity on how to utilize the algorithms in your favor and Target the vet white customers so make sure to check that video right here after of course watching this video but first Facebook administic is using but all the marketing approach pretty much if it's only something like this you create your brand awareness campaign then you kind of want to have this traffic campaign and then eventually you create a vehicle versions campaigns where you like start retargeting this audience and maybe like at that time you can convert them that's a completely out of the dated strategy it does not work even if you are talking to like with this Facebook reps which they will still give you this kind of advice like hey run this driving campaign then you will you know retarget with conversions and then hopefully you're gonna get some sales but simply it does not work I have tested that multiple times and it doesn't work if you don't trust me just do it and you will see the difference one having one approach just running directly at conversions campaign and the second one using this old campaign you'll see that with a first strategy the likelihood of getting a high performance band is way higher the question here Archie is why is this outdated and there is only one word that causes is that algorithms yes the algorithms changed this model because algorithms understand who in the marketplace is most likely to buy right now because you have to understand that in the marketing there is a huge huge circle of like potential customers that might be interested to buy your products however they are not interested to buy your product right now not all of them there is just a small percentage and algorithms can work out what you understand like what is that small percentage that is going to be more likely to purchase your product that's why even with your first ad that they see they can buy right away that's the power of algorithms now if everything here is clear moving to the next Facebook administic is they never test the new ad and goes now don't take me wrong you want to focus on what already is working for your business however if you're just you know putting all your eggs in one single basket but it's not going to be a bit a pretty good approach because you never know when that ad is going to stop working whenever the angle is going to stop working the marketplace is a location where there are a lot of things that are changing like you could see but in the word there are so many things that are changing it's very volatile like you cannot have like this kind of approach you can't really stick to one single strategy because like a lot of things are changing because of my AI because of algorithms because of economy that's why you always want to test new angles of course while you are focusing like most of the time when the things that are already working but by testing the new angles and you could test you know once a week once a month you have this security and this peace of mind but if something like this particular angle that is working right now stop working you could still rely on like different angles that you've tested in the meantime and they kind of start working for your business as well it also expenses kind of like scalability platform because over time you will see that you will hit this Plateau when you're kind of like spinning like your money and then eventually when you want to increase with budget it kind of starts being unprofitable that's because your angle does not work that well with a much higher spend having multiple angles that will help you to scale your business forward and one last Advantage is that it creates more opportunities for you to find new kind of creatives to run because the moment when you found another proven angle you could create different iterations of that ad meaning it's that you just you know can change one thing at a time like the hook the copy the headline for that particular Angle now my last mistake and I mean it this costs millions of dollars for jewelry brand owners this is a mistake that I want you to wipe it down and look at it every single time when you're trying to improve your overall performance of your like business and of your ads so this mistake boils down to not looking enough advert data or maybe they look at data but they don't know how to optimize based on the data so ever they look at the metrics that are not that important which I call them like kind of validity metrics such as what is my cost per click what is my you know click-through rate which don't take me wrong like they are giving you some kind of Direction but they are not available potential customers help and maybe they DM you maybe they talk to you and they said some specific things that they want to see when like when it comes to improving your product maybe they have some kind of questions directly about your product that is a data point that you can leverage very very very profitably for your business because you can improve your product afterwards and that is something that people will be more likely to buy from you because if a person were multiple people ask you a specific thing about your product you may kind of repeating the same thing by taking that advice from a Marketplace and improving your product is going to give you a lot of opportunities to grow your business because every time you are selling what the marketplace wants and the last group of numbers is everything related to your website like I'm talking about with your conversion rate I'm talking about your average sort of value your lifetime value these are the metrics but you also want to look at and improve and work on on a consistent basis so that was it and now if you're looking for someone who can run your Tick Tock or Facebook ads for a durable brand make sure to follow the link below where you can book a call with me and talk about with your business and see if we are of the right fit we have a minimum requirement spend which is three thousand dollars per month if you meet very quick Euro then we might be able to help you out with your goals and with your business so if this sounds like this is you then make sure to click on that link and I will talk to you soon until next time bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @novaaccesorios326: Hello! I would like to contact you by email to evaluate posibility you work in our jewelry brand
  2. @VK-kc3ob: You’re giving away such great gems of knowledge! Much appreciated ❤
  3. @friddong8409: thanks, Archie， you help me a lot..

- 5 Key Mistakes When Running FB Ads For Expensive Offers: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so after generating way over seven figures for my clients managing their Facebook ad accounts, I have identified four key mistakes that were ruining their results. And listen, those ones are universal across all niches and all budgets, whether you're selling roofing services, shutters, premium fireplaces, or even running a strip club. And believe me, I've consulted those kinds of clients as well. you will most likely fall into at least five of these traps when starting with Facebook ads. Well, starting with the first one, the lack of narration. What I mean by that is, do you precisely know who and how do you want to sell your product? Because listen, there's a lot of speech therapists in US, but do you know how many speech therapists for business there are in Tennessee? I mean, probably none. And that what makes your ads pop. It's not that fancy graphic or attentiongrabbing hooks. And don't get me wrong, they do play their role in making sure your ads are optimal. But the core will be properly made analysis of your customers and properly done differentiation factors evaluation. And sorry for those big words. I don't know if you have the same, but in companies that I was working in, they hired so-called internal managers and they started to use academic words. I automatically switched off and I wasn't able to focus at all. Anyway, I do not want you to do the same. So, basically, what it means is that you just think about your ideal prospects, who pays you the most, and why it's usually them paying you the most. Maybe you are a lawyer with a background in sports. That's why you get along with athletes. Or maybe you are a chiropractor with a passion for business so you can speak about it during the session. Whoever you are, you definitely have something special about your product or service. Sounds cheesy, right? Yeah. But believe me, I'm stating facts here. Okay, let's get to the first crucial problem you will sooner or later face as an entrepreneur. and it is that your offer simply suck. Yeah, I wanted to highlight that to the fullest. It probably does. Don't get me wrong. I mean, there is nothing wrong with your actual offering, but have you thought about augmented offer? And I know that you might think that's a big word and probably useless like most of university taught theories, but this time it actually does make sense. And believe me, I've used it across many of my clients and it can do wonders or sometimes it just make it or break it for the business. But what it actually is essentially it's everything that you're offering on top of your main offer. And I will show you the example to illustrate that. So, you can either sell just custom beds or you can sell custom beds with a bedroom layout consultation with an interior designer, a full 3D rendering of the space and a white glove delivery with a professional installation. Which offer do you think sounds better? Or another example, you can sell cosmetics consultation or a complete acne therapy made by a certified consultant that already change thousand plus faces that will take four weeks to finish and will require no extra work besides your standard 10 minutes morning and evening routine. Of course, the second one is a bit of an exaggeration, but you get the point. And I want to quickly mention if you want a proper framework on how to create these kinds of offers, there is a great book by Alex Hormosi called $100 million offers that I will link down below in this video. And if you do not want to read it, just use this formula made once again by Alex Hormosi, which is basically dream outcome times perceived likelihood of achievement divided by time effort time sacrifices. And what it actually means, so essentially it's fairly simple. You have to increase things above the line and decreased ones below. Okay, so we went through the basics and the next one will have a bit more to do with actual Facebook ads. Let's say you want to find a people interested in modular homes, right? So what you do is you write a post that you are selling modular homes and what you do next is yeah, you boost it, right? And here we have a problem. Most people which are not familiar with Facebook ads think either I do have Facebook and it doesn't work. But that's another story. If you're watching this video, you are probably more familiar with Facebook ads. I'm not going to lie. Or either you think I'm boosting my posts and I have no answers from them. What to do then? Okay. So, what you have to understand is that Facebook works more or less like a good worker. If you will tell him precisely what you want him to do, he will give you just that. And the problem with most boost campaigns is that they are mostly optimizing towards awareness. And what you have to know is that there's a completely different group that will generate cheaper awareness than cheaper leads for your business. And that's why although awareness campaigns can be used correctly in the Facebook ad structure when you are starting out you want to keep it simple and believe me choose your goal and if you do not have much experience just prepare a decent graphic and let the Facebook do the job for you. Will that be optimal? No. But it will be better than those 90% wannabe Facebook advertisers and it will do the job just fine. But if you want someone to actually look over it, prepare the whole comprehensive strategy that will make sure your ads are optimal and structured and provide a constant inflow of leads over and over again. I will be having three spots open this week for a free audit where I will prepare the complete six months framework for you to follow for you to basically succeed in your Facebook ads journey. So, if you are a business owner making at least 10K a month, feel free to fill out the form down below this video and I will get back to you in next 24 hours. Okay, but anyway, you ready with your offer narration and you know what you are looking to get out of your campaigns. You're starting your campaign and you have probably seen some basic targeting tutorials that told you that basically you have to test a lot and you being mesmerized by all of those options you have. You start duplicating your adsets with different targeting in search for the best one. But what you have to understand when starting with Facebook ads is at the beginning, especially when you haven't got any hands-on experience with this topic, you want to advertise with, let's say, elegance. Basically, what it is is you keep it simple. And trust me, when just starting out, the simpler you make it, the better it will be. It's either one of two. you will lose less money if you will turn out not to be enough or you will make a fairly profitable campaign faster. And yeah, I'm here to tell you basically that you will never be fully profitable without me. Of course, that's not true. But trust me, at the beginning simpler, it just better. Okay, last thing not to completely ruin your campaign setup and basically uh on a side actually your bank account uh it's please when creating Facebook ads and I will have actually the full video on that topic uh in this channel. So stick to this channel and subscribe. Remove all of the Facebook enhancements and believe me, you will save yourself a lot of time seeing messages from your family that your ad is, let's say, a bit off. Well, we went through all of the main mistakes people are making when setting up their first meta ads campaigns. Hopefully, this video was any helpful for you. If not, just, you know, you can still fill out the form down below for me to be even less helpful. But yeah, if you want to see the full breakdown of the strategy that made over 2.3 million for my client, just click on this video in here. And for now, I'll check myself out of this video. Remember, the goal is to never pay for your ads again. And for now, stay above the break even. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @facundomiranda3391: Great video! could you make another video on the narration and how to connect it with our offer? do you suggest creating different marketing angles and offers? eg: you have a med spa 

Thanks, Patryk.

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- How to Run Meta Ads For Beginners (Meta Ads Tutorial 2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using meta ads, you're kind of missing out because this platform absolutely dominates the ad game because it has the best targeting options that will allow you to reach the exact audience you need. And with Meta Ads, you'll be able to advertise on Instagram, Facebook, and even WhatsApp if you want to. And while the platform may be a bit intimidating when starting out, don't you worry because in this video I'll go over everything from what meta ads are to setting them up and analyzing their performance. So without further ado, let's get into it. All right, so let's start from the top. What exactly are meta ads and why should you even care about them? Well, they are the advertisements you see on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and as I already said, sometimes even WhatsApp. and they're all managed from one single place which is Meta Ads Manager. Now, you might be thinking of something like Google Ads where you target people based on what they're searching for right now. But Meta is a bit different. It targets people based on who they are, like their interests, their age, location, and just overall online behavior. And the best part about it, it's incredibly easy to get started with as a beginner. And you do not need a huge budget for it either. You can test campaigns for just a few dollars a day, which is really good. And the secret sauce here is Meta's algorithm. When you run an ad, the platform goes through a learning phase, and it needs about 50 conversion events, like 50 sales or signups to figure out who is most likely to take the action that you actually want. And during this phase, performance might be a bit unpredictable, but that's completely normal as Meta decides who sees your ad through an automatic digital auction based on total value. And this includes your bid, the ad's quality, and how likely someone is to interact with it. And this means that even with a smaller budget, a high quality relevant ad can actually win the game. And the big question really is here, is meta ads still worth it in 2025? The answer, yes, it is. But your return on investment really depends on a lot of things like your strategy, your creatives, and your targeting, the offer you're making, and your landing page also. Oh, and also testing. Lots and lots of testing. And yes, you might spend some time kicking this whole thing off, but if you have something to promote on a budget, this might just be one of the best decisions you will ever make. So, the first thing to focus on is a learning. Your goal with your first campaign isn't to attract, you know, a million visitors. It's to understand what works, reach real people, and get results in a cost effective way. And by the way, helping you understand exactly what works is what Hostinger Academy is all about with lots of useful guides just like this one that you're watching right now. So, make sure to hit that subscribe button and that way you will not miss any of our future tutorials. All right, guys. Now, let's roll up our sleeves and get things set up. And trust me, it's not as difficult as it may sound. And step one of this is creating your Meta business portfolio. This is basically where you'll manage all of your assets like Facebook pages, Instagram accounts, and of course, your ad account as well. First thing you're going to want to do is head over to business.fas.com and click on create account right over here. Then just enter your business name, your name, and your business email address. Then you can just go through these steps and enter the required information to complete the setup. And that's it. You're now in. But to run actual ads, you'll need to connect your Facebook page and if you have one, then your Instagram account as well. Now, from the Meta Business Suite, just go to settings like I'm doing right now. Now, when we're in the settings, just under accounts here, select pages. Look up a page you manage via the search bar and hit add. Then just follow the prompts until you're done. You can also add your Instagram account just as easily. Just select Instagram under accounts from the settings and just follow the same exact process. And with all of that out of the way, let's create your ad account. Now on the left sidebar, right underneath pages right here, you'll find add accounts. So click add and choose create a new ad account. Then enter its name. Select a time zone right here. Choose your currency. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Then just assign the ad account to your business. And you can also add your payment info right away over here. Just follow the prompts to do so and press save at the end because we don't want anything to uh end up not being saved. And that's pretty much the initial setup that is now complete. But now before you launch your first campaign, it's really crucial to understand how Meta Ads Manager structures your ads. So there are actually three levels to this. Now the first is campaign. This is where you set your advertising objectives like what you want people to do when they see your ad. Now it might be visiting your site. It might be engaging with the post or just making a purchase. Then comes in the ad set. Now here you mainly define your audience and placements. That's where your ad will appear basically. And finally, the actual ad. And this is the creative part and what people will actually see like your images, videos, ad copies, call to actions, all that. So just remember these three levels that I just mentioned. And also guys, in just one campaign, you can have multiple adsets with different audiences for example. And in each adset, you can have multiple ads with different creatives as well. All right, guys. Now that your meta ad account is ready to go, it's time to make your first big decision, and that's picking your campaign objective. And I know what you're thinking. Can't I just boost a post and hope for the best? Well, technically, yes, you can. But if you want results you can actually measure and improve on, you'll have to do it the right way. And I will show you what that way is in a second. Now, the first objective here is awareness. Now, it's great if you're launching something new and just want people to know you exist. Now with this campaign objective, Meta will show your ad to as many people as possible who are likely to remember it. So according to the algorithm basically. Now the second one is traffic. Now this one sends people to a specific destination like your website, product page or blog for example. And the third objective is engagement. That helps you get likes, comments, shares and other interactions on your posts or your page. Now, if you want to build a social presence or community, this is the one you should really pick. And if you're trying to collect emails, signups, or customer info, the leads objective is for you. It even lets you use forms right inside the ads, so users never have to leave the app, basically. Now, another one is sales, and it's a bit more advanced, and it optimizes your ads for purchases or conversions on your website. Now, tracking the results of these campaigns is a bit more tricky, but also not impossible. You can still totally do it. And the last one is app promotion, which helps you get installs for, yeah, you guessed it, a mobile app. So, now, which one should you start with? Now, if you're a beginner, I highly recommend starting with either traffic or engagement. They're really simple, really straightforward, and they help you learn how the platform works without getting bogged down in advanced setups. So, I mean, if you want more people on your site or your landing page, go with traffic. And if you want to grow your audience or get more interaction on your actual posts, engagement is your best friend here. But now, let's dive into a campaign to see what things actually look like. So, basically, to set the campaign, go to ads from your left sidebar and choose ads manager right here. Once the interface opens up, just hit create and then pick the campaign objective. Now remember, we just talked about the objective. So just pick one here, set it up, and if you're prompted, check manual ads setup here. Give your campaign a name, and then press next. And we always want to go manual with meta ads. Now, you'll arrive on this panel where you can modify the campaign level. And that's the level with the objectives here. You know, see this little panel on the left. Here you can navigate between each of the levels. And when you're all ready to proceed to the ad set, just click next. Now, once you're there, just scroll down until you reach audience controls, just like I'm doing here. And this is exactly where you can adjust the audience targeting and aim for the people that you think are most likely to convert. And this part is super super important because even the most brilliant ad won't do much if it's shown to the wrong people. So, first up, what you'll do here is you'll define your core audience based on a few key details. You can edit the location to choose where you want your ads to be shown. You can get super specific here as you want. And you can pick countries, cities, or even a specific mile radius around your store. Then all right here, you can set the age to target people who are most likely to be interested in your offer. And I mean, for example, if you're selling, let's say, trendy phone cases, then pick something between 18 to 34 year olds. That might be a great pick. And after that, you can target all genders or narrow it down depending on what you offer. And finally, the language option here is super useful if your audience speaks a specific language that's different from the default for the region that you're actually targeting. So once you have all that set up, then just scroll down a bit and click audience suggestion under advantage plus audience. And now this is going to be the fun part here guys, which is detailed targeting. basically lets you tap into the user data to find people who are likely to care about what you show them. And you can be really specific with your targeting based on a few characteristics and you'll see them in the drop- down menu right here. So just first uh right here as you can see there's demographics. So things like relationship status, educational level, job titles, and things like that. And then there's interests here. And you can target people interested in a whole lot of different things like vegan food, you know, photography, fitness, you name it. You can even go ultra ultra specific, like targeting people based on a movie they like, for example. So, search for things that define your target audience and see for yourself what's available there. And finally, there's the last category, which is the behaviors category, and it's for the actions people actually take. Now, you'll find online shoppers, frequent flyers here, or even recent boobers. And honestly, my advice here, if you're just getting started, don't overdo it with all of these. It's tempting to stuck a dozen interests and behaviors, thinking you're laser targeting the perfect person. But when you do that, your audience gets really small and your ads get more expensive. So, instead of doing that, start fairly broad, especially with interest targeting. Pick one or two categories really relevant to your product or service and then let Meta's algorithm do the rest. It's actually really good at finding the right people if you give it a bit of room to work with. Now, one quick but super important note here is if your ad has anything to do with credit, loan, employment, or job listings, housing or real estate, social issues, elections, politics, or any financial services, you'll need to select a special ad category during setup. So, to set up this category, what you're going to do is go back to campaign options and tick the show categories button under the apply name section here. Then choose the category that applies to your category specifically. And this is because the legal regulations basically it tells Meta you're working in a regulated space and it limits some targeting options to prevent discrimination. But now anyway, let's just scroll back up a bit and now comes the big question. How much should I spend? And the good news here is you don't need to throw in hundreds of dollars right away. Really, you don't. I strongly, by the way, recommend that you don't do that. And when it comes to budgeting, Meta gives you two main options. The first one is daily budget. Now, this is the amount you're willing to spend each day. Now, if you set a daily budget of, let's say, five bucks, Meta will aim to spend just around that amount each day. Now, it might just go a little bit over or under depending on how your ads perform, but it will focus around that. And then the second option is the lifetime budget. This is where you give Meta a total amount to spend over the entire campaign. So, if you set a lifetime budget to say $100 and run your ad for 10 days, Meta will try to space the spending over time for the best results. But I do strongly recommend starting with the daily budget as it's easy to manage, really flexible, and helps you keep your ad spend in check while you learn. And next comes the ad scheduling. Now, you can choose to run your campaign continuously or set a start and end date. Now, if you're just testing or let's say running a promo, definitely set an end date because no one wants a random ad draining their card 6 months from now because they forgot it existed. And here's a little pro tip, by the way. Always check your time zone settings before you launch your ads because meta runs on the time zone you set in your ad account. So, your campaign might just start or end earlier than you expect if that is off. All right, guys. Now, let's move on. So, what you're going to do next first, just scroll down to placements here. Now, Meta owns a lot of real estate on the internet, like Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and your ad can show up in all kinds of places across all of those platforms. But just before you start freaking out and micromanaging everything, let me introduce you to your new best friend as a beginner, which is Advantage Plus Placements. This option lets Meta decide the best places to show your ad. based on performance. So, you set your goal and Meta's algorithm finds the most effective placements to help you hit it. Basically, in short, it's the autopilot option. And honestly, it works really well for most beginners. I mean, there's a lot of potential places your ad might be shown in, like the Facebook or Instagram feed or reals or instream content, and you know, so on. There's literally a million places. So, in a nutshell, Advantage Plus Placements takes the guesswork out and gives you better reach and often for much less money as well. So, you can enable that by just hitting edit and checking the circle right here. But if you do do this, however, do pay attention to your assets since they'll be showing up as different placements. So, make sure your creatives don't get super distorted to fit a certain resolution or image size. And also, meanwhile, if you've got more experience or really specific goals, like only targeting Instagram users, you can manually choose your placements as well. You don't have to do the that option that I showed earlier. This basically lets you fine-tune where your ad appears. But do have a heads up here. Narrowing your placements too much can sometimes increase your costs. Now, Meta's algorithm loves flexibility, basically. And the cool thing is Meta even gives special treatment to vertical video in these placements. So if you're using advantage plus placements and you upload a video that fits, Meta will automatically slot it into stories and reels for you. Now some other placements you should know about include feeds, instream videos, and search ads. Now feeds are your just classic scrollable ads, and they're actually really solid performers. Meanwhile, instream videos are YouTube style ads that play before the content people want to watch. This placement works really well with engaging, also attentiongrabbing video content. And finally, we have search. It's a newer placement where your ads can show when people search inside the meta apps. Okay, guys. Now, it's time to actually click on our new ad and talk about the heart of our campaign and the actual creative. This is basically what people actually see and is the single most important part of your whole campaign. And trust me, this can be the difference between someone scrolling past your ad and someone actually clicking on it. So now let's hit setup creative right there and go ahead here. So I mean in 2025, attention spans are shorter than they ever have been before. So you've got 1 second, maybe 2 seconds if you're lucky to grab someone's attention. So, how do you make that scroll stopper? Well, first, spend at least 5 minutes browsing the meta ads library. Just see what others in your niche are doing. And this tool really allows you to see every ad run at the given time. It's super super useful. So, definitely don't miss the step. Now, if you notice a lot of reels with a certain ending style or hook, for example, take notes of that. Then, make sure to remember that highquality visuals, they do really work. Blurry, cluttered, or overdesigned ads just don't cut it anymore. So, use clean, really crisp images or videos. And then also consider user generated content. I mean, it's everywhere for a reason right now. Ads that feel like a real person is giving a recommendation always perform way better than polished corporel looking videos. And my next tip is to really focus on one clear problem and one clear solution. Don't try to say everything all at once. Pick a painoint your audience has and show how you solve it. And it's really ideal if you can make your ad blend into the platform. Like if you're running on reals or stories, make your ad look like the content users already watch there. And make sure to grab that attention fast. The first 3 seconds of your video or visual need to hook people in. So use motion, bold text, or just a surprising statement right away. But once you've settled on your asset, you'll need to actually upload its details via the creative setup. So just enter your website name or target page and switch to the text tab. Now, this might look a little tricky here, but it's actually pretty straightforward. And that is because Meta has specific character limits for these fields and you have to just stick to them. That's all. So first, as you can see, we have the primary text here. Now it should be but can be longer to 125 characters and feature one message. Now next up is the headline. Now here just include the big benefit or why just someone should care about it. Now the description field is next and that is where you can go a little more into detail. It won't always also be visible. So add some extra information that may help convert people. And finally right over here we have the call to action. And this should tell people exactly what to do next. Keep it really short, really simple, and really actionable. But when you're done with all of this, just switch over here to the media tab and upload your creative. So go through the specific tabs to just the assets based on the format. And we'll skip these remaining options for now and just click done. And this new section will let you edit the placements, copy, and other options for the ads. So just get familiar with them here. And finally, once you're done with all of the above, just hit publish and your first ad will go live. And guys, while scrolling through the whole ad setup, you may have noticed the destination options. Now, depending on what you do, you may want to set up a special landing page optimized for your campaign. And one of the easiest solutions for landing page creation is Hostinger's website builder. You can build your website and landing pages by putting AI to the task and take it live in literal minutes. And it's not just website creation either. You can actually craft the perfect landing page easily by dragging and dropping everything just the way you want. And it you will see it happening live. So it's really easy to use. And also if you subscribe to the AI builder for at least a year, you'll also get a domain name for free. So, Hostinger website builder even has metapixel integration. So, it's super super optimized for meta campaigns. So, if you want to give it a shot, just go to the link in the description down below and use our discount code WB10 for an additional 10% off your purchase. And now, you probably heard me mention Metapixel and you're probably wondering what it is. Well, it's a bit of a more advanced ads technique, but if you are interested in finding out what it is, we'll cover that in the upcoming video that will publish really soon. So, make sure you're subscribed to Hostinger Academy. All right, so you've launched your ad and it's live. You should now follow your campaign and track its performance like we talked about earlier. So, from the campaigns tab right over here, you can arrange the columns to track your key metrics. And I'll tell you what these are in just a second. So you'll find ad reporting on the left sidebar of ads manager. And scroll down. And I mean pretty cool, right? There are so many of them, but let me walk you through the main ones. So no need to look for them on the list. They'll be visible already for you. So first we have CPR. And this is cost per result. And this is a big one, guys. And it will be visible right away. Now, CPR tells you how much you're paying to get the outcome you set in your campaign objective. So, if your CPR is going up, it might be time to tweak your targeting or update your ad creative or just improve your landing page. Just make sure you don't throw more money at it because clearly something is not working and you need to test to find out what exactly. Then, let's talk about frequency. Now, this shows how many times on average each person saw your ad. So, if your frequency is getting high, say let's say three or more, and your performance is dropping, your audience might be getting tired of seeing the same ad. But you can fix that by rotating creatives or expanding your audience. Now, we have reach and impressions, and they should be looked at together. Now, reach is how many unique people saw your ad. Impressions, meanwhile, mean the total number of times your ad was shown, including repeats. And if you've got a ton of impressions, let's say, but low reach, your audience might be too small. So try broadening your targeting. And then it's CTR. Now, clickthrough rate. It won't be visible right away, so you'll need to enable it within the metrics panel. So this basically tells you how many people actually clicked your ad after seeing it. A good CTR, and for most beginners, it's just 1% means your creative and message are actually connecting. And if it's less than that 1%, then rework your hook, headline, or just visuals. Make your ad more scroll stopping. But now, if you've actually launched video assets, you'll see a few video metrics here as well. Now, video plays is one, and it's essentially just letting you know if people actually watch the ad. And meanwhile, here, average play time or percentage watched tells you if your viewers are sticking around or bouncing just after 2 seconds. And if your watch time is super low, your video might not be grabbing attention quickly enough. So try reworking the first 3 seconds or everything else, but mostly focus on those 3 seconds as they are really everything. And that is it guys. The more you understand these numbers, the easier it is to figure out what's working, what's not working, and where you can improve next. And the secret sauce here with Met Ads is test, learn, optimize, and repeat it all over again. Don't stress if your first campaign isn't perfect. Nobody's is. Trust me. What matters is that you're learning and improving with every single click. And now, if you found this video helpful at all, give it a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to Hostinger Academy for more tutorials that will help you grow your business online. And if you have a question about meta ads, just drop it in the comments down below. And also, if you're interested in trying out the website builder that I mentioned before, check out the video next where we show you a step-by-step process on how to build a website using its powerful AI features. But for now guys, thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HostingerAcademy [18 likes]: If you're not using Meta Ads, you're missing out on the best targeting options in the game 👉https://bit.ly/4kOyh2n
💥 Use the discount code WB10 to get 10% OFF!
  2. @WiktoriaNoga-g8w: i like that you screaming, this help me to focus :P
  3. @AnanyaBaidya-m2k: Ipweb tipson meta ads are  super helpful, thanks! 😊
  4. @adeyemichael: Thank you so much, you make everything simple...
  5. @jimmyv878: I'm having trouble setting this up, when I create a new account and try to set up the ads it gets restricted right away. Has anyone dealt with this? I also saw people saying you need to use a new Facebook account for about 2 weeks before touching Business Suite or Ads Manager, otherwise it gets flagged automatically. Is that actually the fix? Any advice would be appreciated.
  6. @BoyanG_94: Hi. Exelent video....only...that you skip the "crop" part on min 19:00 , so can you just elaborate a little bit more on that matter please. Thanks in advance.
  7. @gamerworld4839: Very helpful ip web
  8. @Chelseaboy1905-ze2uz: Very good and useful video. Thanks so much for sharing! 💙
  9. @koushikisaha: I recently got interested in meta ads , google ads and all ❤❤🎉
  10. @ShilaDas-e5l: Like the video
  11. @madya_id: I really appreciate the explanation about the 'learning phase' and the importance of the first 3 seconds in video ads. It’s those little details that make a huge difference in ROI. Awesome content❤
  12. @takeetahenry1740: Can I do all the above via my phone or is this for computers only?
  13. @IkejiakuChineye: Thank you 🙏
  14. @Teamxmhamoud: you describe every step very well i also use ip web its a great way to earn
  15. @divijjawarani: What if we want to do an existing post or reel for an ad?
  16. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  17. @RAJUBHAIYT-h9n: Great post@ipweb
  18. @cathode-kits1894: I wish i had found this video before pulling my hair out for a week, trying to understand and run ads .   The Help in the Meta is terrible, and the Ai problem solving  is mostly Useless . Also it seems full of bugs.
  19. @cathode-kits1894: Warning   !!   Scammers will try to Hack you like Crazy !    In the first 2 days  i got 4 Messages saying  "YOUR AD VIOLATED FB RULES  .. But Enter this form and Submit a Request Review" ..  where they Phishing for PW and Phone # .   Don't Fall for it  !  They almost got me, but i quickly changed my password ..Yikes !
  20. @devangakemini5538: thanks alot

- Meta’s New Incremental Attribution Explained | How Accurate Are Your Facebook Ads Results?: Kind: captions Language: en There is a new way to do attribution within meta ads, incremental attribution, and it's found right here. But what is it? Will it help you produce more leads and sales? And should you use it? That's what we're going to explore today. Yes, I know this won't be new for everybody. For some people, it's been around since 2024, but Meta roll out features like this gradually, and it's just about now available for everyone. So, shut it if you're complaining. So, what is it? Advanced Meta advertisers will know that sometimes Meta's existing attribution settings sometimes overestimate the amounts of sales that they've actually made. They essentially claim 100% of responsibility for a sale if someone clicks on your ad and purchases within 7 days or if they just see your ad, scroll by it, but they go on to buy within 24 hours. Now, this is why Meta sometimes overestimates sales. Just because somebody has seen your ad, it doesn't mean Meta was responsible for creating that sale in entirety. But it does mean that you created another valuable touch point that helped the customer on their journey. Now, incremental attribution is meant to measure the true sales uplift that Meta has contributed to your overall sales. Now, imagine that you've got a lemonade stand and that you're making 10 sales every single day with no marketing at all. Then you put a big sign by the road and you're now making 14 sales every single day. So the true sales uplift of the sign is just four additional sales every day. It's not responsible for all 14 sales because you were making 10 anyway. So the incremental attribution of sales to the sign would be just four sales in this example. So why use it? Now, this will make your sales figures look worse and you will record fewer conversions, which may make it harder for your campaigns to optimize. Now, as you know, the more optimization events such as sales that your campaign makes, the better it will generally perform. So, personally, we try to reduce this and we select all the old attribution settings as shown here. And you can see the incremental attribution data anyway by simply doing this. Now, that way you can compare the stats. Now look at how my two clients compare here. Okay, so this is one of my client accounts and you can see this is just for April 2025. And this month we can see that the client has spent £2,800 just over with a 48 return on ad spend, which is incredible performance by anyone's standards. And it's produced £136,000 worth of sales. But that's on the 7-day click and one day view attribution setting. The incremental attribution will look entirely different. And let me show you how. So, if you click here to customize your columns and compare attribution settings, that will bring up this box here. And what you will notice on some accounts, and don't worry if this isn't here for you right now cuz it will appear in time. And you just select the incremental attribution. And then it offers you all conversions or just the first conversion or both. So, we will go all and we will click apply. And you can see here that the return on ad spend just from the incremental attributions is actually 24. So, just over half. And the purchase conversion value is 68 and a half,000 pounds. It is nearly halfed our purchase conversion value. And the reason for that is it's looking at what sales would this client have made anyway. And then it's looking at what is the uplift that Facebook has made. So if Facebook wasn't there, they would have made £68.5,000 less sales. So, the reason we leave it off is because with the old attribution settings, you are making more sales. Now, yes, that's good to report back to your boss or your client or whatever it might be and saying, you know, we're making loads more sales, but this incremental attribution is just another data point. And I think it gives you a truer reflection of the actual impact and value your ads have had. Think about it. If somebody's scrolling through Facebook and your ad just moves past the screen, they don't really pay it much attention, but because they've seen that and then gone on to purchase within 24 hours, it will count the sale in there. Incremental attribution is less likely to count conversions like that. Exactly how Facebook measure that, no one knows. Facebook haven't released anything to say actually how they're measuring incremental attribution. So, it is just a data point. But our advice at this stage, as of April 2025, is to use the old attribution models because it will help your campaigns optimize better cuz you're making more conversion events and you can see the incremental data. Anyway, so I hope that helps. Incremental attribution is here to stay, but at this stage, just use it as a data point. Don't forget to like and subscribe for more latest in meta ads, and we'll see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackingconsulting [1 likes]: This video provides a sharp and insightful overview of modern Facebook Ads strategy. The focus on data accuracy, creative execution, and optimization structure reflects a deep understanding of what drives consistent results. Highly valuable content for serious advertisers.
  2. @hamzaroadking [1 likes]: thank you!
  3. @bryanramirez1280: Straight to the point - Thank you!

- I Found A BETTER Way To Do Meta Ads Targeting in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most Facebook advertisers now leave targeting entirely up to Meta. For some, that works pretty well. For others, not so much. The problem is that when advertisers try and take back manual control, performance often gets even worse. But, there's good news. There's a way to give Meta the flexibility it wants while still influencing who sees your ads. In other words, you get the best of both worlds. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, the feature that allows you to do what I just described is called value rules. And with value rules, you're able to optimize for different demographics within your target audience. So, instead of just saying to Meta, "Go and get me as many conversions as possible, as many leads or sales as possible, or even get me as much value as possible optimizing for the highest return on ad spend." Instead, you can say to Meta, "I would rather you place a priority on these people, this group, this demographic within my overall target audience because I know they are more valuable to my business." So, I'll give you some examples, right? So, you might have calculated that people within a certain location are more valuable than others. Let's say you're advertising in the whole of the UK, but you know that people within London are more likely to come back and buy again. They're more likely to stick around for longer on your subscription product or your recurring billing, whatever it is. And therefore, you are willing to pay more to acquire conversions from London as opposed to the rest of the UK in this instance. You could do the same for people over or under a certain age. We've calculated that amongst our customer base, anyone between this age and this age is more valuable to our business. And you could do the same with gender. And actually, there's a business that I've been consulting with for a number of years. And when value rules came out, it was absolutely perfect for them and solved the issue that they had had from just going with open or broad targeting. And that it was a business, jewelry business, and sold primarily women's jewelry. And they found that when they just ran their ads on Meta to all audiences, a lot of their ads were served to men. Now, men would buy this women's jewelry primarily as gifts. Uh but what this business found was that Meta would think, "Great, this is an audience that we can target that generates conversions. We're optimizing." Meta thinks it's doing the right thing. But this business found that if a man was buying uh this women's jewelry as a gift, they were unlikely to become repeat customers. So, their customer lifetime value was significantly lower than if they generated a sale from a woman who was more likely to be buying it for herself. So, they were able to use value rules to say, "Increase the bid for women. They are more valuable to our business over their lifetime." And that's something that Meta wouldn't otherwise have visibility over because if you think about attribution windows, let's say a 7-day click attribution window, um anything any conversions that take place beyond that typically aren't going to be registered by Meta. So, if Meta's optimizing for as many purchases as possible or even the highest value, the highest return on ad spend possible, they're going to optimize within that 7-day window. They're not able to factor in the lifetime value. So, instances like that, you as an advertiser are able to step in and say, "Keep the broad open targeting. I want you to have the flexibility to go out and find people um that are most likely to convert." Meta's really good at that. System's really sophisticated doing that. But also, please factor in this other bit of information because I know that these people are worth more to my business over the long run than these people, and I want you to factor in to your bidding strategy." So, let me show you how to create a value rule. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Meta ad account. I'm in Ads Manager at the campaign level. And I want to go ahead and go to advertising settings. And then under your business, we've got value rules. I think just about every Meta ad account now has this value rules option. Uh it was introduced a little while ago, and it's been uh it's been steadily rolled out to ad accounts. And I haven't checked it I haven't seen it not be available in that account in a while. If you don't have it here, um then you don't have it yet. And I'm sure you'll get it very soon. Right. [snorts] So, we'll go ahead and click on value rules, and then we want to go ahead and click on create a rule set. Now, it's really interesting this pop-up here. Meta's kind of got a warning, and something we should quickly discuss at this stage. So, quickly explain what value rules are, right? Reach your preferred audiences using value rules. Increase your bid on audiences that are worth more to your business. Um we've already discussed this. It's exactly what value rules is designed to do. They've got some extra information here, which is interesting. Get more of the outcomes you want. So, focus your budget on audiences using age, gender, location, etc. Um optimize for all types of goals. See better results with a single ad set. It's one of the selling points from Meta's standpoint uh point of view of value rules. Instead of having different ad sets targeting different um audiences, you can consolidate down into one ad set, which we know is often the right way to go anyway. Consolidation is great. More conversion data in the one ad set, better learning, better optimization. Uh good things happening. But, we do have this part at the bottom. I understand my overall cost per result may increase when using value rules. And that is something that we should state up front. If you are going to mess with Meta's optimization system, their delivery system, that would otherwise be trying to get you the lowest cost per conversion possible or as many conversions as possible for your budget, anything you do to disrupt that may increase your overall cost per conversion. Now, given some of the examples we discussed a minute ago, that may well be worth it. If being more aggressive and targeting women in the jewelry business example means that our overall cost per purchase goes up by 10%, but women on average are worth 2.4 times what men are, that's a great trade. Over their lifetime, you'd rather acquire more of those customers. So, just be aware that this may well happen if you go and implement it, but it might still that might be a trade-off that you're willing to make cuz it's overall better for your business. So, let's go ahead and click on create a rule set. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creative's not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session, and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. So, from within here, we need to select criteria. So, if I click on this uh drop-down, we can see the options. And I've already mentioned a few of them. I mentioned age, gender, and location. But we've got other options here. Things like conversion location is quite an interesting um option. So, if I click on this and then select the options here, uh let's say we're running a lead-based campaign. We could say to Meta, "Look, we know that leads generated via our website, via our landing page, um they're more valuable. They're more likely to convert." Let's say, again, data that Meta might not have any visibility over than people who become leads via instant forms. Therefore, um we'll select website, and we can increase the bid um etc. I'll get to that bit in a second. Uh we've also got some other options. Um so, we've got device. So, choose between desktop or mobile. Again, you might say uh leads generated via desktop are more valuable than mobile. Willing to pay more for those. Uh mobile operating system, iOS versus Android. A lot of businesses say that iOS-based customers are more valuable than Android-based customers. Um we've also got placement as well. So, you might have the data to show that um for example, if I click in here, that Facebook feed uh conversions are more valuable to your business than those from the Audience Network. So, you could say, "Look, I'm willing to bid more for these." Or uh I'm willing You can select Audience Network and do the opposite and say, "I want to bid less." All right? So, a lot of options to play with. Um let's use gender as a as a as a classic example cuz I've already talked about that. So, let's say women. By the way, you can add other criteria. So, we've got one criterion here. We could say women and then also add in say an age criteria. So, you can add in uh two variables. You can say women over the age of 45, for example, if that was what you'd found to be particularly valuable for your business, customers in that category. And then we've got options here where we've got increase bid or decrease bid by. That's why I just mentioned the Audience Network. Instead of increasing bid for all the others, the Audience Network would be typically seen as a lower quality placement option. You can then say decrease the bid um on uh Audience Network. But in this case, like we're talking about before with the um jewelry business example, women are worth significantly conversions from women are worth significantly more on average over their lifetime than uh conversions generated by from men. So, we're going to increase the bid by and then select your percentage. Let's go with 80% in here as an example. Um and then we could go give the rule a name. So, we could say women plus 80%. Just something so that when you create multiple rules, you can um easily see which ones which and apply them to your ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second. You can see we've got rules, one out of 10. You can add up to 10 rules. And you can have different rules that do um different things. So, you can have one for uh gender, like this case. We could have a different one for age. We could have a different one for conversion location. So, you can have multiple rules going. So, what do we have here? Let's call this women plus uh 80%. And then we go ahead and click create. So, that is now our rule set. Just because we've created it in here does not mean that it's applied to our campaigns. We still need to specifically say we want to use these in the ad sets uh that we want to apply to. Which is great cuz it means you could have different rules applying to different campaigns, different ad sets. And sometimes you might not want to apply any any value rules um to certain ad sets. And that's if you really know your data and you know, "Okay, we know that women are more valuable than men for this product range that we're advertising in this campaign, but that's not true with this other product range." Um so, you can get quite specific with it, be quite sophisticated. So, to get the value rule to actually apply, um let me show you how you do that. If I just create a quick example, I'll do use a leads campaign, but value rules, like many Meta ads features, will apply to other campaign objectives as well. Um then I jump to the ad set level. That's where we apply our value rules. But I scroll down, and then we get to this value rule section. It says, "Apply an existing value rule set." I can go ahead and click apply, um but we can get more specific. So, if I click in here, um we can, you know, decide whether or not to apply a rule set. Uh women plus 80% is what we've used, but we could Had we created other rules, we could select a different one depending on what it is that you want to do. Now, once you publish this ad set, this value rule will apply to this ad set and Meta will bid 80% more for a in this case a lead cuz it's a lead campaign, but you could have it set up for sales campaign as well for a conversion from women as opposed to men. Um and the performance and the ad impression distribution of this ad set versus the equivalent without a value rule is going to be significantly different because an 80% uplift in bid is quite significant. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. And value rules represent a really big shift in Meta ads targeting. You know, we had the really old-school way of doing things which used to be really specific, just target very specific interests or lookalikes in lots of different ad sets. Then we moved away from that cuz most advertisers saw better results with open or broad targeting, just letting Meta work it out. And now we've got this hybrid now we can benefit from open targeting, letting Meta find the best possible prospects to put ads in front of, but we can have an influence over it and we can give Meta information and context that it otherwise wouldn't have. Meta is not able to factor in differing lifetime customer values because they have attribution windows. They can only track conversions that take place relatively short time period after someone's interacted with your ad. I mean, 7 days at a maximum, but could be 1 day if it's engaged through or or view-through conversion, right? Um Meta also doesn't have visibility over refund rates. Now, you might take a look at your data and work out that people on buying on Android devices have a much higher refund rate than people buying on iOS devices. So, you could create a value rule around device type. You could work out that um people under 35 are far more likely to refund than people over 35 depending on what you sell. And then again, you can use a value rule to say, we want more customers 35 and over, less 35 and under. Meta often doesn't have visibility over your conversion rate from lead to client. Now, you can set that up so it's tracked and the the conversion lead data is imported into ad account, but most Meta advertisers don't do that. Can be somewhat tricky to do to get that set up with your CRM, much easier to create a value rule if you know that people in a certain location, certain demographic, whatever it happens to be are more likely to convert from lead to client. And these are all things that have a big impact on your business and the profitability of your marketing of your advertising. And if Meta doesn't have visibility over it, they won't be able to factor that in to optimizing your campaigns, but things like refund rates, lifetime values, conversion rates are hugely important. You can give Meta that information by introducing value rules and and it's likely to improve your campaign when done right and improve your results significantly when done right. Now, in order to do this, of course, you need to know your numbers and you need to know the data. Like I when I went through the example, I increased the bid by 80% when it came to targeting women and getting conversions from them as opposed to men. Now, in order to work out by what percentage you need to increase or decrease your bid, you need to know in real numbers how much more valuable is that demographic than a different one. And in your CRM, you should be able to see that. And actually, I speak to a lot of advertisers where this data exists. It's in a combination of their CRM, their ad account, maybe third-party tracking software if they use it, and they just need to take the time to just sit down for 90 minutes, 2 hours, go through it all, and work out so often advertisers will do that cuz I talk about this all the time and I have lots of Q&A calls and I say, go ahead and do this. And so often someone will come back to me and go, I had no idea that such and such demographic or people in this location, they're worth way more to our business. Like I can it's right there in the CRM. They're worth so much more valuable over their lifetime. I had no idea. And that's brilliant cuz then you can come in and you can create a value rule to reflect that. You may also decide to change your marketing messaging, so the copy in your ads, the messaging in your creative to more specifically target those people. Let's say, you know what, we're really going to target 35-pluses because underneath that, we just hardly make any money. They give us all the headaches and over that, they're they're significantly more valuable. As as an example. So, you really need to know your numbers. You need to know you need to be able to spot the commonalities between the different groups within your customer base, who is more valuable, who can you serve better, and then reflect that in your value rules. Knowing your numbers is useful anyway, but definitely a step you need to take before you dive in and set this up. And whilst we're on the topic of targeting, I have completely changed my retargeting strategy recently. And I demonstrate it in a lot of detail in this video here. Post Andromeda recommended campaign structure and the way of doing things has changed. Retargeting has had to change because of it. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  2. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  3. @Üstün_Insan [1 likes]: This channel has been pushing ads in such an aggressive way for years—always claiming there’s some “new method.” Stop making it seem so complicated or intimidating. Facebook/Meta Ads already clearly explain how things work: your results depend on your budget. Spend less, get less impact; spend more, get more.

Stop scaring people and making advertising look harder than it actually is!!
  4. @eritreafirst2857 [1 likes]: Nice video as usual Ben, you can you make a video about DPA, i used to get great results using DPA for before 2023, is it still working for ecommerce, earlier using most of product in the dpa for fashion and furniture was gold, is it still working? Hope you answer here or with a video so people in ecommerce can get benefit from your valuable experience.
  5. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  7. @Ccdesignsofficial: Great video let me try it out
  8. @Naveed_IDK: Could have been way easier. For location yu have to put specific location in value rules. So for every ad will I create a new value rue?  Then why do they even keep the location targeting in the actual ad?
  9. @sanjibmunda724: So nice vedio
  10. @a7madksb: Helpful video ❤
  11. @praniczadhikari1123: @BenHeath please post video how do we set ads these days please
  12. @are3s_249: Im commenting because i have been pursuing this and i just recently got my first client off of cold calling and i would hope if someone on youe team could help me this can really save my life please i have him waiting need help man
  13. @kotowassiya666: I highly recommend this video, although there are many like it.
  14. @GiancarloVeramendi: Do I have to create a new post to implement this? I have a reboost post that I am trying to add the value rules to an existing campaing
  15. @simonetait5849: Have you seen the new feature called customer lifecycle strategy, it is a bit confusing because it asks if you want more conversions or new customers. But don't we want both? How do you use this feature to get the most out of your ad campaign?
  16. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: Great and helpful video, i like this
  17. @benhofmeister7663: Great video, a question I have as a beginner is what database set ups do you suggest e.g. what CRM & third party systems should I use to make sure I am feeding Meta high quality data and able to query data when I need to?
  18. @hackerjocker8083: Why did the dubbing move to Arabic?
  19. @vincentchong7288: Meta just launched its MCP server, which means you can now connect it to ChatGPT, Claude, or other similar AI tools. I’ve only tested it for retrieving information from my ads account so far, and it works. I’ve also seen others sharing that they’re using it to create ads, but I haven’t tested that part yet. Hope you can make a video showing how to set it up, and I’d also love to hear your thoughts on the possible use cases for this new feature!
  20. @joeyy_k: I also found that my campaigns worked better on CBO than on ABO. If you still want to allocate some budget, you can use Ad set spending limits. What's your opinion on that?

- Sales Techniques - How To Convince A Customer To Buy From You: Kind: captions Language: en - Now many people believe that you gotta hard sell someone in order to close them. And I'm sure you've seen a lot of videos out there where a sales person will literally come in and they will try to force someone into buying their product or service. And these type of people will probably say things like, come on, you gotta buy this right now, or you're making a big mistake if you don't buy this. And the sad truth is, this actually does work and people do succumb to the pressure. But for those of you who don't wanna sell this way, we actually have another alternative for you. (upbeat music) Hi, everybody, what's going on, it's Patrick Dang here. Now, for those of you who don't want to be the sleazy hard closers, instead, what we're gonna do is we're gonna give you some alternatives. Now, before we go ahead and get started, make sure you give this video a like, subscribe if you haven't already and make sure to turn on that notification bell. Now to go ahead and get started, here's the challenges when you are forcing someone to buy something they don't need. You may not identify with being a super hard closer, right? And it may not fit your personality style and you might feel sleazy or you might feel wrong for pushing someone into buying something they don't need, right? The other thing is, when you are doing these hard closing techniques, sometimes the customer may buy whatever it is that you're selling, but if you're doing something that's a longterm relationship where someone continues to pay you month over month or even years, whether it's a coaching service, consulting, or even if you're selling some kind of subscription service, you gotta build a authentic long term relationships. And these hard closing techniques may get you the deal, but because a person is not invested in your solution and they were forced to buy something, they may cancel right away and you lose the customer. So instead, what we're gonna do is I'm gonna show you a completely different technique on how to close someone, and essentially what we are doing is you're getting the customer to close themselves. So you might be asking, how exactly does this work? Well, instead of telling someone how great your product or service is, and forcing them to buy it, what you're doing instead is you're convincing the other person to convince themselves. So instead of you pushing something onto them, they are coming to you because they're making their own decision. Now I'll give you a simple analogy of how this all works. So let's look at the relationship between a parent and a child, okay? So let's say the parent wants a child to eat their vegetables. And if the parent says, hey, you gotta eat your vegetables, you better do it right now. Well, the kid might eat their vegetables, but they may be reluctant to do it, they may not eat the vegetables when nobody is looking, and it doesn't build that long term habit of eating the vegetables to stay healthy. That's essentially how I see hard closing, right? You're forcing someone to do something they don't need, even if it's good for them, you're still pushing them to do it. And it works, but it's not the best method, in my opinion. Now, an alternative way to do it is instead of pushing someone, let's say the parent pushing the kid to eat their vegetables, instead what you can do is you can understand what the kid wants, right? So if the kid wants to be an athlete, they wanna be good at sports, right? Whether it's a boy or girl, right? Instead of pushing the idea of vegetables on them, you could say, hey, if you wanna be healthy and if you want to perform at the highest level, and if you want to beat all your friends in sports, during recess or whatever the case is, then you gotta eat your vegetables to get strong, right? And instead of forcing them you're saying, hey, if you want to do something you already do, which is become an athlete or become good at sports, then vegetables is a key component to making that happen. So when the kid hears this, right? It's not about the vegetables, that person wants to become an athlete, they want to beat their friends at certain sports. So if all they have to do is eat the vegetable to get there, they're gonna do it on their own, nobody has to tell them because it aligns with what they already want. So what we wanna do is we want to apply this lesson and help convince our customers to invest in our solutions, which is something they already wanna do, and we're gonna do this without pushing anything onto them. All right, so how are you gonna do this is the first step you wanna do is you want to make your prospect or your customer aware that they have some type of pain. Now I've created a lot of videos about pain and how to cover them, you can find more videos like this somewhere in the link in the description or somewhere on the screen. But essentially I'm gonna summarize it for you. If somebody takes a meeting for you, they're doing it for a reason. Typically they have some type of problem, it might be a big problem, it might be a little problem, but they have some kind of problem and they're talking to you in order to see if you have a solution to the problem, right? They're just trying to see if it makes sense to work together. So if they already have a problem coming into the meeting, what do you wanna do during the meeting is uncover that problem and really shed light to it. And the simplest way to get started in this conversation during your sales meeting is to ask a simple question. And that is, so, what got you interested in taking this meeting today? Very simple question that any of you guys can use, it doesn't matter what you're selling or what industry you're in, because it's so general. But essentially when you ask this question, the prospect is gonna tell you something like, oh, we were interested in digital marketing service, or we want to do this or that, right? Whatever the case is, they wanna do something to have some type of pain, and that's how you're gonna get the conversation started. Now to understand their pains, all you gotta do is ask more questions and dive a little deeper and really understand and listen to what the person's saying. Again, I got a lot of videos on this, so I'm gonna summarize it real quick for you in this video. When you ask these type of questions, like, hey, so what got you interested in taking the meeting today? The prospect will tell you why they even took the meeting. And then you try to understand their problems by asking more questions. Some of these questions could be, oh, how long has this been a problem? Oh, it's been a problem, well, have you tried anything to fix it? Right? These questions dive a little deeper into uncovering what the problems are. Once you understand from a factual perspective, what the problems are, then you wanna switch it into motion and ask the prospect. Well, how do you feel about this problem, right? And the prospect is gonna say something like, I feel frustrated, I feel angry, I feel lost, I don't know what to do, I need some type of type of solution, okay? Okay, so now that we uncovered the pain for the prospect, we are going to take it to the next level and this is where all the magic happens. If you want the prospect to sell themselves, this is the question you are gonna use once you understand the prospect's problem and you get them to tell you their problems, right? All you're gonna do is say, hey, I understand your problem, I know where you're coming from, now, in an ideal world, what would you want to happen, right? Very simple question. In a way it's very general that all of you guys could use no matter what you're selling, but it works because the prospect, already talk about all their problems, and now you're just saying, okay, you got all these problems in an ideal world. What would you want to happen? And the prospect, because the problems are so obvious, you know them, the prospect know them, everyone is aware of what's going on. The prospect's going to obviously have some type of idea of what they want, right? They want the problem to go away. So if they're not making enough money in their business, they're gonna say, I wanna make more money. Or if they have some kind of problem in their business, that's taking up a lot of time, for example, if they're dealing with complicated taxes, they'll say, I just want these taxes and these problems to just go away, right? And they're creating an ideal scenario. And this is really important for you because by them creating an ideal scenario, you're gonna know exactly what they want. So then when you transition into telling your prospect what you do, you're gonna tailor your pitch specifically for what the prospect has already told you. And the key thing here is that you're not telling the prospect what they want or what's good for them, they're telling you exactly what they want and you just happen to be at the right place at the right time with a solution. And overall, you can kinda see that you frame the entire conversation so that it would lead to this moment. However, because of prospect, gave you all this information willingly and they told you what they want, it's really their idea, and you're just helping make their idea into a reality. So all you're gonna do from this point on once the prospect tells you what their ideal scenario is, you gotta ask one more simple question. And you say something like, hey, okay, that makes sense, I might be able to help you with that. Do you mind if I tell you a little bit more about what I do? The prospect at this point is naturally going to say absolutely, right? Or they might just say yes, okay? And the reason is because they identified a problem, they already created their own solution. And you're just saying, hey, I might be able to help you make that solution a reality, you mind if I tell you a little bit more about what I do? And they are going to naturally say yes. So, at this point, what do you wanna do is you wanna pitch your product or service or whatever solution you're offering in a way that aligns with solving the person's problem and aligns with their dream scenario of what they already mapped out for you. All you have to make sure is that your solution fits into the roadmap that they already created during that conversation. So at this point, when you're pitching, you're not necessarily hard selling, you're just aligning what you already offer with what the prospect wants. You're not telling them they're stupid for not taking any offer, you're not forcing them to buy anything, you're making that alignment. And if the prospect, what's gonna happen is they're gonna see how your solution fits into the plan that they just created on the spot during that meeting. And naturally, it's gonna be obvious 'cause you just connect all the dots, they have a problem, they wanted a solution, you have the solution, it makes it a lot more easier for them to invest in whatever it is that you are buying. So again, you don't have to hard pitch at this point because the prospect is essentially selling themselves. They're gonna think, oh, this guy has exactly what I need to make my dreams a reality. And that's how you're gonna get the prospect to invest in your solution by getting them to persuade themselves. So with that said, if you made it to the end of this video, subscribe, and hit that notification bell. And one last thing, for those of you who enjoy this video and you want more in-depth training, and you wanna take your sales skills to the next level, I actually created a free sales training series in order for you to increase your sales skills, bring your awareness up and take your sales skills to the next level. If you want access to this free training, make sure you click the link in the description, and it's gonna tell you exactly how you can enroll in this free training. So again, if you wanna take your sales skills to the next level, link in the description. So with that said, that's everything we have to cover in this video, and I'm gonna see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jovemrickxy [7 likes]: I'm from Brazil, but I come to learn from you because you know more.
  2. @Mr_beat737 [2 likes]: Me came here to convince someone to adopt my rescued street dog puppy 😅
  3. @marinafarid4361 [2 likes]: i like the way you are speaking which inspires me to finish the video .. thankyou for sharing this knowledge and waiting for more especially selling and communication skills
  4. @Custombusinesssongs [1 likes]: A local spa had loyal clients but couldn’t get new ones to book. I made a song that explained what first-time clients should do. They added it to the link on their business cards. New bookings started that week. Same cards. Same site. The song ended the silence.
  5. @MustakAhmmed-l4f [1 likes]: That's absolutely great!
  6. @rahatvanessa9298 [1 likes]: Excellent Patrick!! Thank you. ❤
  7. @LumJoy-n4g: Thank you for dis tips it’s really helpful I’ve jotted everything down to start implementing
  8. @PinkPeachkat: I’m using this in monopoly
  9. @JimHerman-o3q: Before you " ever " buy something...... check with costumer service first !!!    Likely you will spend over 20 minutes on the phone before you talk to a HUMAN !!!    However if you call the same place to purchase something you go direct to a HUMAN  ????????    No interest in helping the consumer !!!!!!
  10. @OFFICIALTOJU: Thank you
  11. @arnulfaflores1866: too much movements of the hands
  12. @LadawnRabun: Informative.
  13. @kokodikoko257: Thanks
  14. @AsavariSuvarnakar: 😂
  15. @amirdawoud9296: Prospects is often pulling up smoke screens..

Any tips to overcome them?

Example? Why are you on this call today?

-I’m just looking around 

Or

Do you have any problems?

-no everything is good. I was just interested in what you have to offer 


How to solve this?
  16. @kaylita6446: Can you put together a video on how to build successful referral partnership with COI?
  17. @RILiyanage: You said it well. I am hoping to watch your other videos too.
  18. @stanisławczu: Thats some next-level shit, love you Bro!
  19. @benedicttshilanda6126: Love this👌
  20. @baraa.6007: OMG I love this guy!

- Flooring Services - Houghton Carpet Centre: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to hton Carpet Center we have a fantastic range of flooring including carpets and rugs in all shapes sizes and colors modern contemporary traditional Chinese and Indian top quality and budget carpets all at very competitive prices we're a family run business a wellestablished local company with friendly and helpful staff you can trust to give you the best help ADV advice and service and our fitting teams are all - served carpet Fitters want to know more visit our website call hton Carpet Center sir

- How To Choose A Rug: Top 3 Rug Buying Tips by Eyely Home | Style, Size, Care, and Flatten Your Rug: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @asyachynabrumfield1711: Eli

- How to Choose the Right Area Rug for Your Space (Size, shape, materials, and more!): Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to my channel it is another beautiful day in quarantine I hope you guys are staying safe healthy and inspired out there if this is your first time on the channel welcome my name is Julie ku your interior design expert and today we are gonna dive into the great big world of area rugs if you've ever been confused about what types of area rugs fit in your space what size to buy what colors and patterns work what texture is the easiest to maintain look no further this video is for you [Music] what is the advantage of having area rugs in your home they're cozy they're comfortable they add texture and warmth they bring color and vibrancy to space you can change the look of a room in an instant with the addition of an area rug the space can go from traditional with a vintage Persian rug or modern with a strength graphic rug in an instant you can create softness with shag or gold ballroom vibrant color in addition area rugs can help with the acoustics of a home especially you have a lot of hard surfaces everywhere and the house echoes area rugs are easier to maintain and clean than carpet over time carpet can collect dust bacteria debris one of the main reasons why I love area rugs is that it helps define an area hence the name so before you go out and start shopping for area rugs check these tips to help your search the simplest answer is the largest you can afford a too small area rug is one of the most common decorating mistakes I see a too small rug can cheapen the look of the space kill the vibe and make the room look even smaller than it really is I mean who wants that but here's a little cheat sheet for all of you visual people out there for bedrooms the size of area rug that you should pick for a queen bed or a king cal king is no smaller than an eight-by-ten you want the bed to sit comfortably on top of the rug so there's a runner type spacing that's around your bed and in front of your mouth stance I've Illustrated the spacing and the orientation here for you I laid an 8 by 10 rug right underneath a queen bed this is a sample size room so of course I measure your bedroom to make sure that this area fits you'll see the difference I laid out for the queen bed a five by seven area rug laying underneath it versus an 8 by 10 you'll see the proportion of a 5 by 7 it's just way too small for the space not only does it make the floorplan seem smaller than it really is it doesn't really define any space for you much less a bed the 8 by 10 rug is scaled proportionally for the queen bed making this space with even larger and it has more surface space for you to walk on in the next illustration I have a cow king bed a cow king bed is a little bit bigger it's a 72 inches wide by 84 inches long four bedrooms with a cow king bed or a king size bed the recommendation is minimum 8 by 10 area rug I always suggest going as large as you can so the room permits indefinitely purchase a 9 by 12 it'll make a small space seem even larger than it is the rules for a living room is that the area rug should fit all the furniture on top of it the area rugs should have a 6 inch border around the back of the furniture but if your space can't handle that size at least the front legs of the furniture the chairs and the sofa should sit comfortably on top of the rug just imagine that if you're seated on the sofa your feet should be touching the area rug not the floor underneath it in a dining room the area rug needs to be able to fit all your chairs and your dining table but we're actually gonna get a little technical here imagine that you're sitting on the dining table and you're scooting your chair back the typical space between a dining chair and the wall is about 36 inches I know that's a little designer lingo but you have to imagine if you scoot your chair out and then all of a sudden your chair is off of the area rug the area rug is way too small for the space so make sure that the area rug has enough room around the table and around the chairs with the chairs pushed out if you're looking for an area rug just to feel space position the area rug so there's about an eight to 12 inch border of floor from the wall to the area rug of course mess around the orientation and see what you lack best one of the earliest rules I learned when it comes to area rugs is to buy the largest you can afford why buy the largest because once you move out of the space that you're currently living in now this area rug can be transitioned from room to room maybe you use it in a bedroom in your previous home and now that row could be used for the living room in your next new home if you love the area rug and made a very thoughtful and conscious decision about why you purchased it you will make it work for you no matter what new space you're in you will find a way to use it you want to pick up color that you want the entire room to be inspired by I mean color is such a personal choice so I can't really tell you what color you should purchase you really need to look around the room think about your lifestyle and think about the colors that you really vibe with always imagine creating a mood and a feeling in the space do you want the space to feel light and bright happy and cheerful or do you love or really dark and moody cavernous space do you want the area rug to stand out or do you want the area rug to blend in do you already have furniture in place and looking for an area rug to soften the space up think about contrasting the color of the rug for the largest piece in that room to make it really pop if you have dark walls or a dark tone bed a light-colored rug will add definition to the space if you're still stuck trying to figure out what color rug goes with what color furniture a designer's trick I love to use is let the area rug be your guide choose the area rug first and you said to inspire your furniture picks I always look for the subtle colors and maybe a gradient in a pattern and then I'll choose those colors to inspire the furniture that's going in my space you could pull that color for drapery treatments throw pillows throw blankets that way the entire room feels cohesive and custom designed to your taste color sets the tone for the entire look of the room so I know it's a really important decision and one that you'll have to make in conjunction with if you want a classic look that never goes out of style stay away from too trendy patterns like chevron that had their heyday about ten years ago or even like a Moroccan trellis design if you're into pattern but looking for something plastic that has a little bit more longevity look for tone on tone patterns or if you're down a bold bold I love making a statement with black and white stripes are always classic they never go out of style and it's such a great way to make a statement in a room and really anchor the space contrary to popular belief I love what a vintage Turkish or Persian rug it can do for a space with all types of styles in my opinion it's a look that never gets dated and has true staying power think about how you want to balance a room out when it comes to pattern and color there are so many different materials out there from natural to synthetic natural materials like wool silk sea grass Berber Jew sisal can be dyed or left in their natural state of color synthetic materials like a viscose or poly blend or a polypropylene our machine made and can be loomed into any pattern color or graphic if your budget conscious poly blends are probably one of my favorite materials to source look for the ones with a little silk content woven in they're really soft under hand they look different throughout different times of the day and they're really easy to clean and maintain synthetic materials shed less than the natural materials so you want to think about that before you choose the area rug that's right for your space but buyer beware that all area rugs shed they all start shedding at the beginning but synthetic materials get vacuumed really easily and over time they actually stop shedding in some cases the synthetic material might be a better choice for your room it's the one you want when you have kids and pets and you're worried about maintenance do you hate color and love neutrals look for something with a cool texture a height variation of tone home pattern or let the material dictate your vibe I love natural materials like a sisal or jute or a Berber I mean something about the really natural weaves just really vibes with my space it's one of those natural weaves that I've taken with me from home to home so if you don't know where to start and check out some of the natural woven that I've linked below pile hair refers to the lengths of the fibers on the rug local rugs are less expensive they're easier to maintain they're easy to clean and generally use for high-traffic rooms in your homes like the living room the dining room and the hallway hi Paula area rows are more luxurious they're softer to the touch they give you a little bit more cushion there are a lot more high-maintenance and generally regulated to lower traffic areas like a bedroom a guest room or even a media room hipe aisle is actually really great for acoustics because you can imagine all of those fibers absorb all the sounds just be aware that the high pile area rugs typically need to be professionally cleaned flat leaves like who liens order ease could be vacuumed or really you can take them outside and kind of beat it with a stick I mean that's the old-fashioned way but of course the modern way I prefer to just vacuum right over it rug pads are used to add a cushion underfoot it helps to further protect your floors and increase its lifespan a rug pad also helps to prevent dirt and debris from getting trapped underneath your area rug if you've ever pulled up an area rug and seen all of that dirt and dust and debris that's collected under there eventually all that dirt will collect on the rug and it will make it so much harder for you to clean in the long run that's also why sometimes area rugs start smelling without a rug pad underneath it all of those odors are just trapped in the area rug I'll link some of my face below just imagine the thicker the rug pad the more cushion you'll have underfoot in the end just consider your style and buy what you love I really can't stress this point enough when it comes to interior design you want to make decisions that are functional advice with your style and you can see growing with you for years down the line I have a metallic zebra cowhide rug that currently anchors my lounge is sitting above a gold Hollywood Regency style coffee table mixed in with this Jade coloured Asian they and I just love it I mean I've taken it from home to home and combined it with so many different pieces of furniture in so many different styles but the point is I love this rug I love it so much that I'll make it work and no matter how my style evolves I've also styled that same a cowhide rug in a contemporary setting I love how it has this really unique shape that adds visual interest to a space it can go from traditional to modern to contemporary in an instant so the point is if you love it you will find multiple ways to use it I know there are endless options out there when it comes to area rugs so don't get defeated I link below most of the rug that you see in this video and I give you a little bit more options to get you guys started if you like this video make sure to give it a thumbs up let's start a new conversation comment below with a favorite area rug that you've ever purchased and why I'd love to know what people are investing in and what you're buying out there and of course don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more interior design tips that we roll out every Tuesday thank you so much for watching I'll see you in the next one you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Clauds71 [1 likes]: Thanks Julie 😅 my fave was a multi-colour woven rug from IKEA, I’ve taken it everywhere with me. I’m thinking my home office in my new house will be the best place for it now.
  2. @janecadousteau3370 [1 likes]: Thank you Julie!! This is massively helpful, exactly what I needed. You're the best!
  3. @CarolynRittenhouse-y7s: Can I put an area rug on top of carpet?
  4. @VCBachelet: 8 by 10? No idea what that is. Most of the world uses the metric system.
  5. @trandao8692: Hi Julie, do you offer designer service? Thanks
  6. @createone100: How do you clean a sisal or jute rug? I have dogs.
  7. @luzsandoval8244: Lots of great info
  8. @fivefiveqt214: Loved this video! I learn so much about decorating from this channel. 💖
  9. @lynnrussell9337: Hi!  I just found your channel and subscribed.  My area rug dilemma is: how large of a rug to buy for the living room when the front door opens directly into the room, hence no foyer.  There is the traffic area from door to the dining room, etc.  To make the small LR seem larger, I think I should use a large area rug, but do I choose a size that stops and does not extend where this entry path is??  Anybody??
  10. @SillyGoose2024: boy, this is confusing for a dude.
  11. @charmainemcdonald9679: Thanks for sharing your knowledge ✨🙏
  12. @kaayybee83: Thoughts on a studio. Should I go super big? Or separate areas?
  13. @jerridorr107: I don’t haven space for 8 x 10
  14. @janewelsh3891: Hello Julie...thank you so much or this!!My living room is 18'6 X 14'3...our furniture will be brought in from the walls to create a cozy area....should I get the largest area rug I can find?
  15. @ashbyt1: We have a traditional home with a coastal vibe. Is a traditional Oriental rug out for this style in the living room? It has more Jewel tones with most of the decor having muted tones.
  16. @menagka: Its a complete guide on rugs and must watch!! I am glad i came across this , am about to shop for rugs for my renovated home. Thank you Julie!!  This video is lot more helpful
  17. @Moonshine54321: The larger, the better? We call that carpet.
  18. @lianouata: Yes that resonates with me too lol
  19. @InesUQue: So happy to find your channel! I subscribed right away. The info you share are truly helpful cos they're clear and comprehensive. Would appreciate your advice on my current dilemma with area rugs. Is it acceptable to place two identical area rugs side by side  to make one big one? Where can I source oversized or custom sized area rugs for a large living room? Thank you!
  20. @robertmartinez5972: What size  area rug for the living room? You mentioned to have a 6 inch border behind  all the couches.

- Building My DREAM Room (Makeover + Transformation): Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm going to be completely transforming my room at my dad's house. I'm talking about painting the walls, building a bunch of furniture, and literally just making it feel like my dream room. Here's a little backstory, though. I split my time between my mom's and dad's house since they split apart. And I usually record and everything here at my mom's, but I don't actually spend a lot of time here since I'm only here on the weekends or if there's like a holiday. But the problem is I stay here at my dad's way more often since I go to high school here. And I low-key don't even record much here because my room just looks so unappealing in my opinion. It is way bigger than my other room. So, it definitely has a lot of potential. I know in the past I made a few minor changes to this room, but this time I don't even care. I'm going to just spend a bunch of money to make this room look better. And by the end of this video, it probably won't even feel like the same room. Step one is to paint the wall. They're currently this beige color right here. It's lighter here and then darker on the doors and near these edges. So, it's kind of two-toned. I want to make it completely white to give it a modern feel. But before I do that, we got to move everything out of this room. [Music] All right, so I cleared out the space pretty quickly, but it's bedtime now. I'm gonna keep my bed here for one more night and then tomorrow we're going to move my gaming setup out of here because we're not actually gonna paint the room until tomorrow or the day after that since we still need to go buy the paint and everything like that. It's the next day and I lowkey woke up with a sore throat and my nose has just been runny all day. Hopefully I don't get any worse because I really want to work on this room. But the plan for now is to clear off everything on my desk and once my dad gets back from work, we're going to be heading out to pick up some paint and supplies. I also already scheduled to pick up some furniture from IKEA. And once we pick up everything, we can finally start painting the walls. It's lowkey going to be a lot of work, but once the walls are white, it's lowkey going to feel like a completely different space. I scheduled the IKEA pickup for between 4:00 and 5:00 p.m., but my dad ended up coming home later than expected. And honestly, I was kind of stressed out and everything because I made sure to ask him about the timing before placing the order. But yeah, when he finally got home, things were a little heated for a minute. But after we talked it through, everything calmed down and we were back to normal. Last night ran pretty late with the IKEA pickup and everything, but today me and my dad got to fully clear out my entire room so we can start painting. All right. So, it's 5:00 and me and my dad have been working on this room all day and we've almost got everything done. We just got to paint the doors and everything. But, bro, this color looks so much better. After a quick break, me and my dad painted the doors, too. She always be talking like she know. [Applause] >> I don't think I mentioned, but I'm also painting my desk, which should be even whiter than my walls. I'm just tired of this bamboo color. It doesn't fit the look I want. Once it's white, though, it'll match the room way better. All right, so it's the next morning, and last night, me and my dad put this white coating all over my desk so we can actually paint it. And then we painted one side of the door and everything, but we just have to paint the other side now. >> After a few long days, we finally finished painting everything. Walls, doors, and even the desk. That alone is already going to make the room feel so much different. But I got my dad to help me put up a curtain rod that I got from IKEA. And I'll check in tonight with you all. So, the paint has dried and everything, and this is how it looks like. I think it looks so much better than before. Just looks so much more new. But we're going to be setting up the furniture and everything tomorrow and just filling up this room. It's the next day now and my dad is at work. So, it's all up to me now. He took his time off from work yesterday to help me paint the room. And now we need furniture and a bunch of other stuff to actually make this room feel complete. So, I got a bunch of things from Amazon and IKEA that we'll be setting up. Let's first start with the new bed frame I got from IKEA and work our way from there. Hey, hey, hey. I spent the entire day working on this bed all by myself and it's finally done now. It's dark outside. So, I'm going to move the bed to the side and put my mattress and everything on top with my dad tomorrow. All right. So, I just came home from school and I'm going to put up these curtains that I got for my room. I just like it dark in my room and during the day, as you guys can tell behind me, it's super bright. But yeah, after I set up those curtains, I'm going to set up a nightstand that I got and put it in like this corner right here. I finally got done setting this nightstand up. It literally took me like 4 hours to assemble. But I'm going to go eat dinner and then me and my dad are going to put my mattress back on this new bed frame. And then I'm going to put everything back on my setup and literally just clean up my room because it's literally a mess right now. It got pretty late last night, but today we're finally putting everything back on my setup and adding the last few touches to complete the room. It's been a lot of work to get here, and it's nice seeing it all coming together. room actually looks so much better with everything put together. But bro, if you want to paint your walls white, just do it. It makes your room look so much better. But I got a few other things to set up, some final touches, and then I have to bring my mirror from upstairs that just arrived down here. And I'm going to be putting it like right here. All right. Pretty tough mirror. Now I can just look at myself at the Now I can look at myself in this room. But we have this clothing rack from IKEA and this GOI floor lamp that I'm going to be setting up as well. All right. So, I just brought a bunch of clothes down. Going to put it up here. Now, not going to lie, this thing looks kind of awkward and it looks a little bit too tall. So, hopefully it looks okay once I put a bunch of clothes on it. All right. So, I actually rearranged a few things in my room. I put the clothing rack right here because I just feel like it fits this spot way more than right there. And then I put the mirror right here because the background just looks so much better for when I'm taking flicks and everything. But yeah, my gaming setup is right here. And then the new bed frame, it looks so much better than before. I don't know why, but the bed was so high before and there was no backboard or anything. Right here, we just have the new nightstand. And I don't have it turned on right now, but super nice. Oh, and I also put the GOI floor lamp back here. I honestly was not messing with this room that much before, but now it looks so much better. It was low-key exhausting to get here, though, especially since I was sick and my throat was burning whenever I was doing something physically demanding. It's literally been like 2 weeks and I'm recording this voice over right now and I'm still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick, bro. But I can't wait to start filming some content in here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @iicy [648 likes]: yo sorry for the long wait but make sure to sub we almost at 100k ❤ 🥹
  2. @scxlptxre [4 likes]: W father son duo
  3. @200IQ_Psxyco [1 likes]: Where'd you get the floating shelves for your Legos???? They're rlly cool
  4. @Lock_In_55: Could you Tell me what Bed and Night Stand that is?
  5. @franciscojimenezcaravante4497: peak room man
  6. @idinfeizollahi398: Does anyone know where he got the floating shelves from?
  7. @Relatablecreature: No cuz I love the vibe
  8. @joakiom: W dad ♥
  9. @Ilovedildos: 11:01 what do u mean filming content u got a secret o f or sum. plus if u do can we colab🥹
  10. @Choji_D: What is that display thing on your nightstand
  11. @RealWzyx: yo man i have basicly the same room as you like almost identical but i dont know what to put on the walls or anything and i have A WAAAY BIGGER WINDOW thats sticking from the corner of the wall unlike you what should i do honestly do i get maybe stands ? like a big wide one ontop of the setup maybe
and some rgb strips
  12. @tracedc: Wait are u from sweden? It said Stockholm on a shirt in start idk if it's u
  13. @ekapma8330: I need all the products name please
  14. @TheOnlyDucky_29: where did you get those white panel things behind your desk?
  15. @babycakeYT: yo leme move into your house
  16. @yah-d3s: bro always fitted up
  17. @OliverAiku-e6y: I get it that you like gothic
  18. @Chronicals-v3q: W dad fr bro
  19. @justgaming6647: Yoo we lowk lookalikes
  20. @Aiden_jothish: where is the mirror from?

- 3 Interior Designers Transform The Same Bedroom | Space Savers | Architectural Digest: Kind: captions Language: en-US - [Narrator] These three interior designers have been given a photograph of an empty, spacious bedroom. They have free reign to design it in any way they please. - Hi, I'm Alvin, and when I'm designing bedroom spaces, my design style is cozy, luxe, and modern. - Hi, I'm Laura. My design style is tailored, layered, and classically modern. - Hi, my name is Lula, and in my designs I try to bring in a mix of softness with roughness. - [Narrator] No clients, no restrictions, just blank space. - So the original rendering of the room is very white. It has carpet, it has a lot of recessed lighting, and it looks like it has a built-in entertainment unit, or entertainment space for your television. - So when I'm looking at this space, it is obviously very big. It's very large. For me, it feels a little bit too spacious. - The room that I see, it's very non-descript, it's carpeted, which was very big 20 years ago. All the way to the end you see this balcony and you see that there is natural light. And then here you're just creating this space that only has this sad little window around here. So, the first thing I'm gonna do is just blow out the back wall, and then create this beautiful circular arch matching the circular window. That is all the way at the back. - In my opinion, when bedrooms are too big, I think we all just end up filling up with furniture, and we wanna make sure that each space feels unique and special and functional. - So, I think initially what I would do is make this opening an arch to soften up the space, just to smooth it all out. - So what I think we should do is add some stationary panels on either side, and each of those stationary panels is going to help us to create a more intimate environment. But you can still see out. So they'll actually be French doors, but the French doors will be sliding and then if they're sliding, it won't take up any space. So, the traffic flow will still be easy between the two spaces. We're not having to worry about where the doors are folding back to. - So, I think on the wall here I would do this wallpaper. It's a very graphic print. It is based in neutrals, but it is still has a very graphic print to it. And I think that would really give some a pop to the room. I would remove the built-in and do like a wood veneer wall with a curve to mimic the curve of the arch here. But another thing that you can do is also do that same curve in a bronze mirror effect. - So, the main concept was sort of to create this bedroom as if it was the sky. And then for the sky, I thought, there's this marble from Brazil that it's beautiful, like it almost mimics the sky. It's called azul cielo. So, it will be that marble all around the walls everywhere, treated. And then on the ceiling, I don't know if you've been to Grand Central and you see the constellation in the main room. So, then the idea was to bring in that same constellation painted with like little details of gold and white into the ceiling of this bedroom. - So, this ceiling is feeling very flat right now. So, instead to make this ceiling feel a bit more interesting we can put a tray in here. And then when you put the tray in there, I would love to also do some beams across the ceiling as well. - And then for the ceiling and walls, I would do a tadelakt finish. It is Moroccan plaster that comes from Marrakesh. And again, it really just softens everything up because it is plaster. - So, there's a window over here on the left, and whenever we have windows, I love having windows in this space, but we definitely need to make sure that we are, A, giving the room privacy, but also that we're doing something for the light levels as well. So, we wanna filter that light coming through the window. And I think that we'll do a Roman shade on this window. The Roman shade will cascade beautifully in the front of the window, and just filter all the light as it comes in. - So, I thought let's do like a long vertical opening. It will also increase the sensation of the space being taller than it actually is. So, I thought about this like pill-shape window, and then mirroring it on the other side to create this very like soft light that is not direct light. - With the window here on the left, I would add just a drape, just left justified to it, or right justified shall I say, just a drape here, just to soften up that hard angle of the corner. Because remember, I would curve all of the hard angles, but the wall not so much. So, that curtain would just kind of disguise that hard turn and just soften that up a little bit. - So, we wanna make sure that we can, A, give privacy to that space, and also that they can do different things in the two rooms. Somebody can be sleeping, somebody can be reading a book out there. So, on this wall of windows, this new wall of windows that we've created, I want to do some drapery hanging down here. So, we will use this beautiful flax-colored linen, and we'll do what's called a European pleat, which is when it's pleated just at the top. It gives a very lovely sort of tailored look to the fabric as it hangs down. And then we'll hang it on a french rod. - I mean, this window can open and you can actually sit on the frame, like the frame, you don't see it on this rendering, but like that the wall is very thick, so you can sit on the frame, it opens from below, and you can sit on the frame and just look at the view. - So, for the flooring I would do a white oak wide paneling floor. I love the color and I think this just brings everything together in the full design. And then of course a rug underneath the bed because it'll just really soften it up. Nobody wants to get outta the bed and touch a cold floor. So, the rug would be a Moroccan rug with a little black and gray just to pick up on the wallpaper again. - So, you have the clouds, and then you have the sky. For the clouds, I mean, you can definitely see the rug. So, the main concept for this bedroom was to have just softness. So you walk in, you take off your shoes, and then everything around it is soft. So the marble is soft, it's curved, and then the same thing for the floor. So it's just one rug. This is a llama rug, like very tall pile, tall hair from Uruguay that I really love. They're called mixy rugs. They're just so soft, I just can't stop touching it. - So currently, there is wall-to-wall carpet in the space. I think we should take out the wall-to-wall carpet and put in hardwood floors instead. I always love to use reclaimed wood floors. They're much more sustainable and they're really beautiful. They bring in, especially into a space like this that feels pretty new and flat, that it brings in some character and patina to the space as well. So hardwood floors. But then of course when you're getting out of bed, you want it to be soft underfoot, so I think that we should bring in a lovely soft rug. And so Moroccan rugs are beautiful. Benny rugs makes beautiful rugs. - In the alcove area by the balcony, I would do a hammock. I think a hammock will be perfect because you can lay there, you can sleep there. And I don't need to create a traditional seating area there because I'll create seating elsewhere. - For the second part of the bedroom was to have this gathering place. So what I decided was to sort of follow the same texture of the floor, and then sink in the living room to have like you know something that is sort of anchoring the space. Almost emphasizing that circle way more was to have a hanging fire pit go like at the center of this like beautiful circle where people are gonna be sitting. - So, we're going to create a sunroom off this bedroom. And any sunroom of course needs a beautiful way to sit and enjoy these gorgeous views outside the window. So, I think that what we should do is have two chairs that are gonna face out towards the window, and then we'll have a coffee table, a small table in between, and then that way you can set down your drink, you can set down a book. It can be styled beautifully. - So for the bed I would do something in a teddy material. It'll still be in the neutral material, but it'll be cozy and soft to the touch. For the nightstands, I would do brutalist nightstands. They'll be big and they'll have wood features on them, just to balance out all the softness. Hard and soft really balance each other. - I love swings and hammocks and just anything that is not touching the ground. So I thought, okay, why not just elevate the bed and hang it where like two chains on the side, it's still stable, but I think the effect that you get is just very strong of just like elevating a bed from the ground. Almost as if it was floating, like in a way like, the bed was like so against the wall, and you almost like didn't see like the side of the view. And I think here, just like moving the bed away from the wall and like bringing it up, you can also get a very nice view of the fire. So you will sort of win both. You will win the view to the window, and then you will also win the view to the fire. - So as we're looking at this space, it's obviously very big. We can definitely do whatever size bed we want. So, I'm gonna put in a king size bed, and I'm thinking about a wood frame bed. I think that's gonna really bring in that natural element that we wanna have in the space. And I think that if we do something that is sustainably made from rapidly renewable wood, we can just make sure that we're being responsible with the design as as well. - So the sofa at the foot of the bed is from Lula in Georgia, and it's in this beautiful velvet cream color. It's really beautiful. It kind of lends itself to being at the foot of the bed, and its not, it doesn't take itself too serious as a sofa; especially because it is armless. - So on that wall, I want to do something custom, and I would like to make sure that it really just takes over this whole wall. So, what we can do is have one section that's for storage, and then another section that will actually just be the desk. The window's right here so you can look out and see your views. So on this built-in dresser that we have on this long wall I'd like to do a decorative detail inside the top drawers, and then also potentially in the front doors as well. And so this is a tambour detail. So this design is basically, you can do lots of different designs. This one is rounded, it's rather small, and that way we can put that into a small space, like these top drawers. We're gonna do it vertically. So, that really just makes it feel a little bit taller. But, it really just will give a really interesting detail across the front of these doors. - For the overhead lighting, we will keep some recessed lighting, but I think you need a star feature. So this light fixture is from Kelly Wearstler. It has pieces of alabaster in it. So again, it'll give off that warm glow for the room. And for the bedside we will do sconces in the same alabaster and brass finish. I prefer sconces over table lamps because they free up table space. - So then, the two lights that are on the bed frame are by Verner Panton. They're called moon lights. In the rendering they're closed, but when you open them they sort of like unfold like this, and they twist, and it's in the silver. It's a very magical lamp. - So since we are immediately seeing right outside when you walk into this room, I don't want anything to block that view. So the light fixture that we bring into this room will bring a lot of light, but it's not gonna block your views at all. I don't tend to want to use recessed lights in a bedroom. You just look up and it just sort of feels like you just have all this light staring down at you, and you're not performing surgery in a bedroom. So we like to just make sure that there's layers of light that feel really comfortable, and that everybody looks beautiful. And then on either side of the bed we'll have bedside lamps. And those bedside lamps, I love to do really sculptural, interesting bedside lamps. These will be stone, and they'll have a beautiful shade. Now, when it comes to to lampshades, I'm all about functionality. So I wanna make sure that these have a linen shade, and then that way all the light comes out. Because if it's too opaque of a shade, if it's too solid of a material, the light's just gonna go up and down. [music playing] - I will also add in some black olive trees because I think they're sculptural, and I think any space needs a sculptural element, and plants are the way to go for that. The benefits of having plants for your space is they cleanse the air, and they just really make everything breathable. - We can also fill up this room with plants as well because there's never too many plants in my opinion. And so, we'll have all the greenery outside, and we can bring some of that greenery inside as well. - Then, on top of the bed you will get like this mix of really like textural, beautiful shearling, mohair, lamb, rabbit, like you know different textures for all the pillows and all the bedding that I think sort of bring the space together- together with the blue - On the wood veneer wall, I would do a television because sometimes you want to lay in bed, or you want to sit at the sofa and watch television. And the television can also double as a piece of artwork as well. - And a space that feels relatively boxy and new, like this one, I always wanna make sure that it feels really welcoming and warm. And the way to do that is not only through beautiful textures and materials, but also through really personal items as well. And so in this space, I would like to bring in some vintage accessories. I'm also a painter, so I love to paint original pieces, and I think that if we had a couple of original pieces up here really large next to the window, that will give you something really interesting to look at on the left side wall as well. And then we'll make sure that all the bedding feels really luxurious. We'll layer the bedding, we'll have some linens, and other textures that feel really soft and inviting. - I love this bedroom because it has this feeling of being suspended in clouds. So for me here, was circle and heaven in a way, or the sky. So I think, that's what I love more about this room. - So looking at the finished design I feel like I want to jump in this bed and relax. I think the room is simple, sophisticated, and luxurious. - I love how this space came together. It was exactly what I was imagining. I was hoping for a space that would feel like it has more character, and like it is a little bit more livable, and more personalized. And so bringing in these vintage doors to create another space, it's more inviting. It's almost a little bit mysterious, like what's out there in the sunroom? And so it draws you out, but also makes you feel more intimate in the space. - Wow - Gorgeous. - Nice. - I love this arch that you have going on, and I love that- it kind of feels like we did a similar thing here where we kind of like treated that other room as a separate space. And then you just like took it all the way- - All the way. - A little bit further than that - Yeah. - And made it like a whole separate space, I love it. - Even think, they're kind of cousins. - Yeah, they're cousins 'cause we both rounded out the ceilings. - Yeah, yeah. - Oh, I love that detail, yeah, really so- - Oh, I thought you, this was light. And I'm like, no, that's wallpaper. - Yeah, it's wallpaper. - I love that you arched the opening between the bedroom and what you've created, almost like a sunroom. - I love how warm everything feels. - [Alvin] Definitely want to go for warm. - [Lula] Yeah, yeah. - I love how you use the French doors to separate the seating space. Like, I absolutely love that. I love how you added the beams in the ceiling. It just feels so warm. It feels very like California modern. I love that. - [Laura] Thank you. - This is amazing. Like this is like, I feel like I'm on vacation looking at this space. Like is the bed floating? - Yes, the bed is hanging, so it's like suspended. - [Alvin] Wow. - [Lula] And then this whole thing is like this very plush alpaca rug. So yeah, the bed is floating and then the living room is sunken. - Wow. - So it's like- [Lula makes a brushing noise] - Instant vacation. I would never wanna leave this room. - What's happening on the ceiling here? That's really interesting. - That's very, that's a very good question. So basically it's just this, like my idea was to make this into sort of the sky. So then this would be the clouds, and then this is this like cielo marble that is light blue. And then here there's a constellation. - Oh cool. - So sort of like in Grand Central, how you have that constellation, so. - Yeah, yeah, cool. We all put an effort into making separate functional spaces. - [Alvin] Yeah. - And you can go from one space to the next and have a different, you know, a different environment and a different, you know, sort of experience in each space but it still feels united and cohesive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @giossss2777 [2 likes]: Lula omg…. 😂😂 embarrassing
  2. @BBBella2023 [1 likes]: Lula is for the celebrities 😭
  3. @Tenktory [1 likes]: Alvin - kicks a.. 10/10
Laura - a bit plain 6/10
Lula - Designed for a designer's vanity, not for a client's comfort. And it's 100% delusional, with the idea of creating completely new windows which won't match the building's design and no one is going to allow such modification. Solid 0/10
  4. @shireenbegum9166: Laura turned out best after a boring start
  5. @MadMyke101: Laura's always look great. The others are ridiculous though.
  6. @Brackinese: I feel like when Lula is told "you can literally do anything with this space," she does the craziest thing she can think of because they said she could! I don't love the room at all - the all-over blue shade feels a bit clinical - but I appreciate her total impracticality.
  7. @hectorm6099: they are no different than Charlie Parker, Picasso, da Vinci or Frank Lloyd Wright - they are masters of their craft.
  8. @iamahmed06: the black guy should be fired
  9. @JaiAsher-u8d: Just wow!
  10. @chonjhatarasouahagaya: Direct eye contact and open body language boost rapport.
  11. @angelasmith647: Please make more of these videos! I love these!
  12. @KennedyCarlaAshkh: Emoji can lift CTR when relevant and restrained.
  13. @JorjaCuningham: Revisit top performers with updated info to compound traffic.
  14. @Ha662Ho: I appreciate your effort.
  15. @MangMinhh-t9t: Made me think.
  16. @PaulettaZeng: Your effort really shows.
  17. @Greg.Mika.: Between boring and nonsense, these guys do not impress, not one bit.
  18. @adelia6203: I like the one with the fireplace the most, it looks so modern and cozyyyy!!! LOVE IT
  19. @landonmatthew: wait when was adding the ocean an option for interior design?
  20. @BabyantwillbiteU: Lula's is beautiful but dosen't make sense. Like the bed was chained by only two sides and the moon lamps and decor pieces are on the bed but the bed will swing. Idk😅 Laura's looks more practical and minimal. And Alvin's looks nice too.

- I Built My Dream Home Office - 2026 Modern & Cozy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thatu that sound getting that stuff like that sound so one of the main things when it comes to this studio is that it was originally a closet a walk-in closet and a bedroom so I decided to split this into two separate areas one which is my desk setup and one which is more of a cozy relaxed in gaming area I also want to say that building or remodeling a studio is not cheap which is why it has taken some time as well because I've been waiting for certain days which things usually drop on sale like Black Friday Christmas to January sale and so on so most of what you see in this studio has actually been bought on a sale over a few years but now I feel like I finally have a space that looks amazing is convenient to use and puts of a good vibe whether I record my videos edit my videos play some games or just watch some TV so for the wall paint I decided to go for a darker Moody black color which I think is called faded black but I'll leave the color codes on the screen here just in case you want to test it out including everything else that's shown in this video but this is the color I think turned out amazing and it kind of makes the whole room easier to set up and control with different lights as for the main desk this is a solid 100% Oak tabletop I got from a hardware store a few years back and the good thing about this is that I can just sand it down whenever I want and change the color of it as many times as I want which is the main reason I think going with a custom solid tabletop is the only way to go because you have so many options to do whatever you want with it because you won't destroy it even if you you know get some scratches in it you can just s it down and uh just repaint it so this one was originally 4 M but I cut it in half so it's now 2 m by 80 cm and 3.6 CM thick so I have a lot of room for customization it's also extremely heavy so if you're getting a sit stand desk I would recommend looking into something that can take a hit or alternatively you can use some Alex drawers which I have here sitting next to my desk which my custom PC sits on as for the desk color I I've been using mocha and this is something I've been using over the past 4 years and I think this looks so good though this time I only oiled it with one layer before I sealed it up with a clear coat so it ended up being a little bit grayish so I might have to redo that in the future and add a second layer of mocha just to get that amazing finish that I'm looking for now on the Des itself here which is quite basic I didn't want to overdo I wanted to keep it clean so here I have my creative Giga Works t40 speakers which is actually a pretty solid speaker setup for the price and I've been rocking these for a few years now without any issues though the only con here would be the cables between the speakers itself which is fairly short but it's just long enough to have one speaker sit on each side of my desk Riser so it works but I wish the cable could be a little bit longer out of the box for the desk itself I'm also using one I made myself so this is also 100% Oak and the Feats is basically some painted leftovers from the board and I just basically super Glu them to the the board so that means you you don't necessarily have to buy a $180 desk Riser just because it looks amazing now as for monitor I'm using the good old LG 38 in curved w95 CW which I've had for many years now and this is not the smallest one but it's not the biggest one either which means I don't have to turn my head as much to cover the entire screen the monitor is held in place by a basic monitor arm nothing special about it I think it cost me about $40 back in the days and I don't think this has to be something fancy either I mean the monitor will cover most of it anyway so as long as it can hold the weight of the monitor I would just go with something cheap in in you know a basic color silver black white whatever floats your Bo basically now behind the monitor I have my 16in MacBook Pro M1 Max which is what I use to edit these videos and this sits on the cheapest laptop stand I could find which actually looks quite nice but I might end up spraying this in Black just to make it fit in a little bit more or maybe a different color I don't know yet that's something for for the future I guess in front of my MacBook I have the U green revvo 12 in1 docking station which adds the missing ports on my MacBook what I like about this is the conveniently placed SD cards and micro SD card slots in the front here as well as a usba a and USB C port for whenever I need to charge my devices or quickly transfer some files from the SD card to a portable SSD or any other devices on the back side there's also two additional USBC and usba a ports as well as two HDMI ports and a display port and a network Port so this thing right here is what makes my whole workflow smoother and faster so I don't have to use all these accessory or these dongle accessories which I've been using in the past which just hangs around and it doesn't look good now when it comes to the mouse pad here which is basically the center of the desk I'm using a large black Le math which is a base filler math I would say just to take away some of the emptiness of the large desk and to make the desk look more stylish and on top of that I have a felt math in dark gray which looks really good and this was not really something expensive I was actually really interested in getting the groom made desk mats but they were so expensive so I ended up getting these from Amazon for about $40 I think for both of them so I'll make sure to leave a link to these down below including everything else in this video if you want to grab something and all the links below are affiliate links which means that I will get a small Kickback from your order but it won't cost you anything extra so thank you so much in advance now moving back to what sits next to the speakers I have my steel series arctis Nova Pro which is connected to both my custom PC and my MacBook Pro so when I take a break from editing I can just press a button on the audio a interface here and this will automatically change from my MacBook over to my custom PC instead it also comes with two removable batteries it has sonar spartial audio and an audio mixer to control everything which also works as the battery charger for the spare battery and also AI noise cancelling so if you want one headset only that works with both your devices whether this is two different PCS a custom and a Macbook or a Macbook and a PS5 a Macbook Xbox a custom PC Xbox custom PC PS5 you know this is I think this is one of the few headsets or the only headset I've seen which can do this so it's really I think it's worth checking out if you only need one headset for both your devices and the headphones are sitting on a basic Co Air RGB headphone stand which I got many years ago uh for lighting not something I can recommend because it glitches out quite often but you know it works as a stand and I already had it so there was no need to buy a new one and next to that we have my newly built custom PC sitting inside the ncxt H6 flow case which uh was actually a little bit smaller than I expected especially coming from the Asus hel's case so inside here we have the Asus TUF gaming b550 Pro m board which bols the AMD ryzen 7 5700 X 3D which is cooled by the new Tri Panorama 360 liquid cooler and next to that we have 64 GB of Corsair ddr4 RAM and the MSI GeForce RTX 3090 which is a little bit Overkill I would say and as for cooling I have six ncxt 120 mm fans which seems to keep everything at a stable 60 to 65° C which is perfect now I also want to add that the only new parts here in this PC build is the motherboard the CPU and the CPU Cooler the rest was actually taken from my oldest setup so the bill wasn't actually that high behind the PC here I also decided to fill the empty space with some slat walls and I ended up with a gap from the corner here and 20 cm out just to give it a little bit more depth I o tried to have them uh from the corner and out but it just didn't look as good now turning around here we have my personal Lounge I would say so instead of just having one side of the room finished with the desk setup and all of that and leave the other side a mess which it usually looks like or has been for years now so I ended up putting up some slat walls which also helps with the echoing I have in this room or had in this room because they have these acoustic back plates and to fill the empty wall I went with another custom shelf in the same color as the walls for the seating area I went with a leather couch which is more on the expensive side but I started with this Ikea s ham modular concept and quickly realized that it was better to invest in something better more comfortable and something that would last longer uh which is why I went with a little bit more expensive couch if you ask me I think it's I I think is well worth it especially when I spend so much time here it's like a home inside a home away from a home yeah something like that now moving over to the TV area here I decided to go with the LG 48 in 2023 Evo model which by the way I think LG is the best TVs that you can buy so if you ask me about the TV just go get one of the latest LG TVs from 2001 and to 202 425 um I you won't go wrong with the LG uh TV and it's also fun for the kids because they have this remote and pointer and and everything and the quality and the the image you get on these TVs is outstanding for the TV lights I went with the gov backlight 3 light which I've been super happy about in such a small area it really makes the TV look larger and for sound I recently got the Sonos rayar on actually 50% off that was a crazy deal so I just had to test it out I had to get it just to see if this is as good as every other Sonos product that I have in the house and man this is amazing this puts out some amazing sound especially if you have a smaller room like this the audio is crystal clear and the base is not as intense which makes the hearing experience in a smaller room 10 out of 10 and of course if you feel like adjusting the base Maybe the vocals you can always go into the Sonos app and you can change the travel and you can change the base which is fantastic now below the tv I have an AA storage unit where I have everything from my action cameras to mini tripods computer accessories cables and basically everything I need but don't need if you know what I mean so this is mainly kept for storing everything just to get things out of the way and whenever I need it I know where I have it in the center of the room which kind of separates these two different styles my lounge and my main desk setup is the tier five bookshelf from tribe science in the UK this measures 105x 33x 180 and is the key element in this room if you ask me but alone it sits pretty dark especially against the dark wool behind it so I decided to go with some 1 M USB a cob lights from Amazon and some cheap diffuser channels to power the lights I I used some usba male to female adapters and connected these to a controllable socket so I can turn the lights on and off with a remote and of course I have my play button here and some DJI Lego and some fake Ikea plants of course you got to have fake Ikea plants and uh this is basically where I showcase different items um that I want to be highlighted in this room so I would say that this is probably my favorite thing in this studio and Yulan was kind enough to send over their Studio clock which is connected to YouTube so this now shows the amount of subscribers that I have in real time and I couldn't appreciate you guys more thank you so much for hitting that subscribe button and if you haven't done it make sure to go down there hit that subscribe button like button and notification Bell so you don't miss out on the next video now with this clock you can also choose different styles if you want just date maybe date and time maybe time scoreboard battery Matrix and more so it's a pretty neat cool little device which definitely draws your attention and if you ask me it looks pretty amazing now one thing I'm not a huge fan of uh never been especially when it comes to uh a YouTube Studio or an office space in general is uh ceiling lights so this time I decided to set up my own custom ceiling lights with the help of some diffuser channels and some go V M1 light strips which can also be extended to a total length of 10 10 m and the reason I went with these RGB strips is basically to have full control full flexibility when it comes to colors and mood and different effects so if I want to dim it down and add more of a cozy wipe to it I can just change the color temperature of the lights or I can go with a completely different color a crazy color maybe some effects I don't know just yeah now the final piece in this office for now is an additional sit stand desk but this is on the smaller end it's only one 20 uh by 60 cm and this is the one that I'm using to record this video right now instead of being locked to one angle I decided to get another desk which I can easily move around to achieve different backdrops when I record these videos or when I take thumbnails on this I'm also using the ulans vjy ls25 multifunctional desk stand which is capable of holding my Sony a7s 3 with the Sony 24 mm GM lens which is the one that I'm using right now and this allows me to keep everything off the floor basically which makes the studio look cleaner and it also makes it more convenient to use and it also you know makes it easier to move things around because you don't have all these tripods sitting around which has always annoyed me and it just looks unprofessional it looks messy so to get everything off the floor is something I've been trying to achieve for years now and I feel like I finally have it and I'm so happy about it for Studio lights I also have four of the ciper cf100 lights from cjun which has been a huge Improvement to this office space they are small lightweight and portable and also comes with this diffuser here which is perfect for studio recording they also have RGB so if I want to set a different mood for example I can easily do that by adding a different colors blue you know Green turquoise orange whatever I feel like it this one has all the colors and I've been using these actually now for for quite some time and this is what I've been using as my main Studio light here and to light up my face and that means I've finally get rid of the huge softbox that I've been using for years now and I mean I sometimes use it but it's just taking up so much space and I feel like these tube lights can do the exact same job but in a more convenient way and I also have them sitting right here we have one of them and uh actually right there we have one which is lighting up uh the uh pictures that I have on the wall but I still feel like this side here is quite empty so I'm not sure what to do here if you guys have any recommendations to what I can do or should do right oh this is difficult right here right here let me know in the comments below so that rounds up my dream studio and desk setup for 2025 if I miss something uh or if if you saw something that I didn't mention or cover in this video let me know in the comments below and I'll make sure to drop a link to every single thing in the studio here uh so just in case you want to uh to grab something if you found something you liked so that will be the end for today's video really hope that you enjoyed it it's been you know many years since I made a video like it but this feels like it has taken many years to build this as well so that's going to be it for today really hope that you enjoyed it make sure to hit that subscribe button like button and all of that and I will see you in the next one bye-bye oh and also Merry Christmas and happy New Year byebye six me

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mastercaped [2 likes]: You know... I like some of the elements in this but I cannot wait until the modern trend dies... we need to go back to actually having style and making a space feel lived in and not straight out of an Ikea magazine.
  2. @missym2751 [1 likes]: Finally a computer/game room that is not white or pink 🥰
  3. @niso7154: what color paint?
  4. @7th_Elliz: wow
  5. @tomastry6103: music?
  6. @NewWave-trailblazing: What kind of materials you used for the wall? Specifically the wall behind the computer setup in between the acoustic wall panels
  7. @hitarth.mp4: this felt way more high quality than the views suggest tbh 🔥
  8. @NewWave-trailblazing: Hi. Quick question. What kind of material is the dark grey behind the desk.
  9. @chirayusays: this kinda content is dangerous cuz you click for 2 mins and suddenly half an hour gone 😭 good watch tho fr
  10. @Ishakthemagichands: BRAVO LIKE FROM MAROCCO :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  11. @mdjamiruddinbd: last part is outstanding....little 😁😁😁
  12. @da_guardian: great
  13. @chisabers: looks like fulltimefilmmakers studio
  14. @BiopsyGaming: brilliant style love it
  15. @YOURBoiAlex123: great
  16. @italomachado7191: Só preencher o espaço vazio com as ripas, assim irá combinar com o outro lado!
  17. @osen69: I have the same kind of wool desk pad. It's by far the cheapest one I've used, after previously using one from Grovemade, and some gaming-focused mats... and it's been the nicest by far, AND looks the nicest. I have the light grey version.
  18. @carlocericola: Hi, where can I buy those black brackets you used to make the monitor stand? Thanks
  19. @TonyEnriquez-v1m: Jesus is coming back soon!!!
  20. @anas_khaldoune: Reference de coleur sil Vous plait

- How I Transformed My Brother's Dream Room! | Amazon & Ikea Finds: Kind: captions Language: en it's fair to say I have a bedroom I love coming home to that Comfort is unmatched unfortunately I can't say the same for my nextdoor neighbor AKA my brother his room is currently looking real rough and a lot needs to change thankfully he asked his little brother for help because I'm going to help him get his dream room I've done this multiple times now so it shouldn't be too hard but I know my bro and my biggest obstacle is going to be his budget I mean that guy is stingy he's more stingy than me so this time around we managed to keep his budget under $800 for an insane transformation if you're looking for some amazing ideas that won't necessarily break the bank then you won't want to miss anything in this video let's get into it before we make any changes it's important for you guys to see Isaiah's current room and everything that needs to go starting from the entrance of the room he has this cheap rug from Amazon that unfortunately I recommended but you can probably just tell from this clip how rough it looks these cheap shag rugs are impossible to clean so this one definitely needs to go you can also see the biggest wall in his room is fully bare besides an D strip so we will be working on that too I'm also thinking some new bed sheets are in order and also to save some floor space it's time for this dresser and bedside table to go I mean some of the drawers and the dresser are literally missing the bottoms and his bedside table is one bump away from falling apart now considering this is the bulk of my brother's storage he'll definitely need to optimize his closet so I'm going to make sure he gets the same closet organizer that I currently have and hopefully this should fit all of his clothes and also create some space for storage he's also never had closet door doors so I'm thinking we're going to cover up the closet with some curtains because closet doors are going to run us some extra bread and we're trying to keep this one affordable finally buddy is in need of a new desk and chair because his current setup has gone through some serious pain he is a gamer so we're going to need a comfortable and clean space for him and honestly guys I'm not even going to get started on the decoy refresh because we really have a lot of work on our hands with this project the plan is to spend the next week or so looking through options with my brother and hopefully buying some new pieces and in just the next cup we're going to go through everything that we picked up for his dream room and hopefully show you guys some pretty fire results I'll see youall in a minute now guys it's been about a week and a whole lot has changed so let's not waste any time and get right into all the new pickups starting with this first change we got him a new rug now this rug may look familiar that's because it's the exact one I have in my room I mean I genuinely thought he was going to get a different color or pattern but I guess he just wanted to play it safe I really don't know all in all it is a great rug though so I will leave the link in the description for that along with everything else I mentioned moving on to the second change he picked up this bedside table from Amazon and if I'm being honest I advised against this purchase I mean he's my big bro and he's definitely hard-headed so I guess I'm just interested to see how this one holds up quality wise but for my experience I feel like this is probably going to fall apart in a few months moving on to purchase number three we swapped out that old dresser that was falling apart for this geometric book show what he had before really didn't add much to the room but now it's visually one of my favorite spaces that he has beyond that we did make a trip to Ikea so he did Implement a few plants from there two Funko Pops from Amazon and my favorite edition which is this photoand from Ikea which inside we have a goie LED Ball moving on to the closet like I mentioned earlier I hadn't purchased the closet made organizer that I currently have and if you just look at the before and after you can see how much more optimized this space is beyond that it also looks so much more visually pleasing and of course we did add some curtains so his closet isn't open at all times but I mean even without the curtains the closet Oran ier itself was just a huge Improvement now let's talk about big purchase number five which is his new desk from Ikea I personally put this together with a trotten tabletop two Adas legs and an Alex drawer Not only was this setup easy and very affordable but this desk also allows for a bit more space on either side and much more storage of course we couldn't get him a new desk and leave him with that old raggedy chair so he also picked up this nice gaming chair from Costco for a pretty good deal on sale he got the chair for about $110 and the Des for around 170 another small addition we made was this lamp next to his desk this lamp was also in my room before but I was at the point where I was about to get rid of it so I figured it would just be a nice way to reuse it and in my opinion it has a nice accent to his room now besides the bed sheets that my bro picked up during Amazon Prime day the final changes we made which happen to be the biggest were filling in his super bare walls to accomplish this he purchased four new posters along with these nice wooden frames also these two-piece Set of Lights which were all from Amazon on and finally two lack shelves that we got during our trip to Ikea this perfectly filled out as wall and in my opinion made for the biggest transformation yet when it came to styling the new shelves my brother had like zero Decor left so me and my mom basically rounded up anything we could find around the crib and um honestly we managed to create a nice aesthetic look personally I'm super happy with the way this room turned out but at the end of the day this isn't my dream room it is my brother's so right now I'm just waiting for him to get home so I can get his raw reaction to his new dream room but before we get into that and of course the full cinematic of his room if you guys enjoyed this video please make sure to like And subscribe and if you're interested in anything that we picked up for my brother's room I'll try my best to link everything that he purchased down in the description below finally guys it's time to see my brother's reaction and see the results of building his dream room on a budget this guy okay okay yo that's hard dog that's hard no I just can't do [Music] it I don't want to hear what baby just can't let go of you

  Top Comments:
  1. @officalshado: Whats the shelf called?
  2. @jesus2639: Some times big bro needs to lean on his younger siblings for help.

His reaction was pretty cool.
  3. @The_Witchers_left_hand: great
  4. @Finn-x9f9v: where can i gett does posters?
  5. @WarframestalkerfanCJ: What is the lamp in your room the Chinese lantern lamp? It look great!
  6. @Tuux_FN: That middle fingaah on them thumbnail bro...
  7. @r.kgorman4698: Where did you get those wall lamps
  8. @Zlatydaddy: great video i have been watching alot of your stuff to help with my room and making it better . the only problem is that all posters i find are terrible so, I was wondering where you get your posters from cause they all loook good.
  9. @harshseera29: Hey, could you please tell me what the lights above the posters are called, and also the type of lamps you have?
  10. @bronster39: Why need rug? He already had carpet no?
  11. @THNDERZ: thank what a video
  12. @Olixer109: The one thing I was looking for from the video are the wall lamps above the posters, but you haven't linked those :(
  13. @Arsakha_ht1: Why does your bro have a girls Valentino fragrance?
  14. @Estricj: In my country that room under 800 is a multi millionaire's budget
  15. @PixelKnight-m1t: is 3250 good for a set up?
  16. @jibrilamvs: So you removed the dresser and put four shelves in the same spot. Where did you put the dresser contents?
  17. @cdntrooper3078: Wheres that college dropout poster from thats so clean
  18. @NiceEmperor1: Your bros kicks/shoes - 🥶
  19. @TheCovertCrimeNetwork: what is the room size? i was interested in knowing as i will be shifting soon to 10x10
  20. @TrewSmith-sv7fu: what an amazing video

- Transforming My EMPTY Room To My Dream Setup Room!: Kind: captions Language: en I just moved into my dream house and this is my brand new bedroom. But I literally just moved in today and I don't even have a place to sleep. So the very first thing I need to do is build my bed. Once the bed was done, I brought my desk upstairs along with the Alex drawers and finished putting it all together. It's already looking so good. But before I continue, I'm going to go to bed and continue building the gaming setup tomorrow. Boom. And it is now day number two, and we're going to start off by setting up the monitors. And this isn't just going to be a normal monitor layout. I'm trying to build a gaming setup that I've never built before, and a lot of people have never done on the internet before. So, let me show you guys my plan. I do stream quite a bit, so I wanted to go with a triple monitor layout. So, I'm going two horizontal ones over here, which is normal. And I'm going to have a third monitor that's vertical. I actually have it tucked away inside of my closet, but here it is. As you guys can see, it is extremely extremely curved. It's an OLED 1440p 240 Hz. So, that itself is an insane gaming monitor. The first thing I definitely need to do though is get both of these mounts completely set up and then we can start attaching all the monitors. Almost an hour later, the monitors are fully set up and it looks absolutely insane. It honestly looks so clean. I tried to line everything up. And the reason there's a gap here is since I stream, I want to have like a webcam and like a key light over there. And then obviously right over here is where the gaming PC goes. And this is my gaming or streaming PC. And the specs are absolutely insane and it looks so good. So, inside of this gaming PC, for the main specs, it has an RTX 5070Ti, 32 GB of DDR5 RAM. And for the CPU or processor, it has the Ryzen 7 9800X 3D plus like it has really good like cooling parts and everything. It just looks so good. And it's a completely customuilt PC. And I'm going to be pairing it with my own mouse pad from Elevate Culture. This is one of the new colorways, but I have a bunch of new designs and everything, so you guys can check that out down below. It's completely relaunching very, very soon. Just by adding the mouse pad, look at how much color it added to the setup, and it really, really spiced it up. But of course, we're missing the keyboard and mouse. I do honestly switch these quite often. But this is my $700 custom keyboard with banana switches. Quick typing test. It sounds really, really good. But honestly, you can buy some of these like for way cheaper now. Keyboards have gotten really good. I got this like back in 2022. And then this is just like a coarser mouse. The only reason I really like it is cuz it's like very very light. They sent it to me. The gaming setup is coming together very very clean, but the rest of the room is super empty. So, the next thing I need to do is bring in some shelves and like some mirrors and kind of start setting some things up in the room because it's just way too empty. I brought in so many things. So, this shelf honestly fits perfectly right over there. I really do like this corner shelf, but now looking at it, I don't really like the nightstand being here cuz when I open the door, it also blocks it. But, I think I will change that first though. I have a bunch of IKEA lax shelves I'm going to be hanging all over the room. And then I think over here what I'm going to be doing is having a mirror and then a pegboard over here with like some keyboards, maybe some camera gear. I think that would look really really cool. But like I mentioned, I think this part of the room is a little bit too busy. There's like a little bit too much furniture going on. So what I think I'm going to do is actually replace this little nightstand over here with like a little bamboo fake plant. kind of add some greenery, add some color into the room. And I'll also add a little lamp. So, it'll look cool for like stream background since the kind of stream will be somewhere around here like this type of angle. So, yeah, let's quickly add that. And I think it's going to look way better. All right. This thing is kind of heavy. I'm not going to lie. So, what I'm thinking instead is adding one of these and then having the bulb kind of go this way. So then it'll kind of reflect light over here and then kind of cover it just like this. So it will like kind of make it look a little bit nicer. That actually looks so much better than the nightstand. I am definitely keeping that. And for the stream background, that's going to look sick. Obviously, I still need to actually decorate all this and we're going to add like a ton of decorations. But before we do that, I have a ton of IKEA lack shelves in different sizes. But the only issue is obviously you drill this into the wall and I don't really have all the drilling equipment I want. So I ordered this. It's basically like a full wall mount kind of kit. It does come later today which means tonight I will be able to actually mount a lot of the wall shelves all around here. But in the meanwhile we still have a few things to unbox and get ready. Oh, and I'm also going to mount that pegboard. But yeah, I'm just going to wait for all the wall mounting equipment before I start drilling into my wall. But let's just unbox the mirror and then we can continue building the gaming setup as well. I think mirrors are such a good addition to any room because it makes it look way way bigger. Honestly, this room that I'm building in isn't really that big at all. So, this is just going to be really really helpful. And I mean, I guess you can also do like fit checks and all that. I'm pretty sure this is already completely like set up as well. We shouldn't have to like screw anything in. It should just be like really really easy. It has the stand and everything. I think I did buy this mirror from Amazon and let's hope it's good. Yeah, it's literally perfectly fine. That always is a little bit of a risk whenever you're buying a mirror online. So, here is the mirror. You guys can kind of see yourself. It actually is like literally the perfect size. I'm not going to lie. I want to still have space obviously on this wall cuz I'm trying to like hang this pegboard up. I really am dying to just get the pegboard if it's actually drilled in. Yeah, that literally fits like perfectly. Since I will be using this insane gaming setup for streaming as well, I need a spot for my camera. So, I think I'm going to add my camera and a key light right over here. I'm going to have like my microphone somewhere around here. And then once I kind of bring it in, I might play around with it a little bit. But it's definitely going to start looking a lot more full because even though it looks really really good, it still is like kind of plain. And I actually might even put another shelf that I'm going to drill up here. Right now, let's just bring in all the kind of recording and streaming equipment. It's literally been over an hour. I basically completely reshifted this entire setup. So, now this is how it's looking. If you guys can notice, these monitors are pushed way more back. This camera I'm actually going to be using for streaming. They sent me a few months ago. It's called like the Hollland 4K Lyra or something, but it has this little tiny mount over here. So, what I just ordered was like this 9 in newer kind of light. It's still going to be pretty big to be honest, and it might be covered up a little bit, but it's definitely going to be much smaller than this cuz this is almost 14 in. So, yeah, that 9-in light will just clamp right on top of here, and that will be really, really good. The microphone I'm using is the Sure SM7B and I kind of have it routed around where I could actually hide this as soon as I want to. So I can actually just bring it right behind this monitor whenever I'm not streaming or recording. Then we have the Go XLR Mini. But anyways, that's it for the audio. And then on top of here, I have a little like monitor light. This is about like 30 bucks, $40 from Amazon. I really really like it. So yeah, the entire setup looks like pretty packed, but also like it's not too crazy. The order with these actual wall mounts is now out for delivery and it should be arriving in less than 3 hours. Also, don't ask why I have paper towels. I legit just moved inside of this house yesterday and started building this setup. So, I'm like missing so many things. That's why if anyone's curious. To be honest, the rest of the room is definitely missing a lot as well. So, it's time to start decorating. I'm going to get some fake plants and we can also start on the RGB while we wait until we can mount these shelves. For the lighting, I actually brought in a bunch of old lights from my house. And yeah, it's all inside of this box. So, I have a lot. Most of the lights that I do use honestly are from GOI. And I also have a ton of flood lights as well. So, as you can see, we have like GOI LED bulbs for lights. We have GOI strips. um little random Alexa over here. And then yeah, we have a ton of these flood lights. These really, really light up the room. And then I have a bunch more as well. Like more GOI stuff. And then like even more GOI glides. These I'm going to add behind the monitors. It's basically like kind of GOI panels or I don't know GOI light bars. And these look really really nice behind the setup. So yeah, I also apart from this am going to be adding some light bars. Of course, this is like a GOI light bar. Again, I am not sponsored by GOI. But yeah, everything that I use in this setup or in this room will be linked down below, and they are affiliate links, so they don't cost more, but they help support me. But yeah, everything since I'm using so much stuff will be linked down below for anyone interested. However, I think we should just get started on adding RGB. I'm going to start off on the gaming setup first. So, my idea is to actually get one of these simple RGB strips and put it around the entire setup. I also am thinking of actually leaving this light right over there. And I'll move it more towards a corner and I'll kind of cover it with a plant in the future. Plus, we're going to use a ton of those flood lights and I do like to add them on the corners of the desk so they don't blind you, but they add a lot of RGB and that shouldn't be too hard to do. Once all that RGB lighting is on, this gaming setup is going to look insane. There are a lot of cables. Obviously, I need to cable manage everything. And I actually will like make sure I do good cable management. But now we need to add a little bit of RGB around the room, but not too much. I just finished adding the RGB around the entire room and I might even add a little bit more to be completely honest, but obviously it clearly isn't on. It's going to look insane when it's on. But guess what just arrived? The wall anchor kit with a bunch of different screws. And I'm going to be using a lot of these cuz I have a lot to actually set up in here. I think one of these shelves would look really, really good right over here. It actually like completes it really nicely. And I could add like a ton of like decorations and stuff right over on top of that. But what I want to hang first before I actually drill this shelf in is this pegboard from IKEA because all these other ones are shelves and I feel like this one's easier. So, I'm going to just put it right over here and then I'll start doing all the shelves not only on the setup but just around the whole room. All right. Slight issue. I actually don't have a leveler. So, I'm going to use this app. It literally like basically works as a leveler. It kind of is like the best thing I can do. It actually seems pretty accurate. I was testing it out and I had to pay for it. So, okay. So, for now, we actually don't need the pegboard. We just need this. And I just need to make sure that the mount is straight. Seems pretty simple. Hopefully, I actually do it right. So, we got our leveler here and then a pen cuz we're going to mark this. Um, I actually never used to level things when I would like mount them, so they were always kind of not straight. Okay, that honestly turned out perfect. It looks more than fine. I don't know if it's like 1 billion% straight. I literally can't tell. It looks completely straight to me. And this is going to look so cool when we actually can put like keyboards, mice, headsets, just a bunch of like gaming tech on there. And I left a little bit of space here so we can like add maybe a plant or something. But I actually think that's perfect. The mirror right there is really, really nice. I'm going to literally do the exact same thing that I did on the pegboard up on there and hopefully it turns out good. It's actually insane how much of a difference a few shelves really make to the room. And the best part is they're completely empty. There's nothing on these shelves at all. And of course, this pegboard. But for this shelf specifically, I actually left it off a little bit because I'm going to add like a hanging plant right over here. I think it's literally going to fill up this spot really, really nicely. And then I am so excited to really spice this up with a bunch of posters. And I actually think adding another poster over there will look really, really nice. But before I start adding things to those shelves and the pegboard, it is currently past 11. As you guys can see, I've been working on this setup pretty much the whole day. And I'm surprised my neighbors haven't even like knocked on my door with the amount of knocking I was doing on my walls. But I need to go to church tomorrow and I'm super tired. So, I think I will be able to finish this on day number three. Day number three, and we should finally be finishing not only the gaming setup, but the entire room. I did bring in the chair real quick. This is obviously a Herman Miller. It is super comfortable, but really expensive, so you don't really need to buy that. But for the room, the next thing I want to do is start adding some posters. And outside, I actually got ready so many different decorations. It's kind of insane. I also bought some new posters from Amazon. I got like some random ones like we got, of course, the YouTube plaque. Some of my old posters and even more posters in that box. So, let's go ahead and actually unbox the brand new posters. These are like car posters and I think I'm going to put them right over there. I already have a few car posters, so I will hang these around the room, but these ones are like kind of big. So, I also got some new ones. I think they're going to look really, really nice here. I have no idea which one this is. I'm really hoping the print quality on these is good. And the first one. Okay. Yo, this one actually looks pretty sick. It's not like the best print quality, but I of course have a frame for it as well. It is a BMW M3 because I got a BMW M3 and this actually looks exactly like mine. I'm not going to lie. So, that looks pretty nice. I bought a bunch of these like BMW ones. I can't find them. So, I need to go look real quick. Good news. I found all of them. So, there are nine posters in here and it doesn't look like they really bent. I'm obviously not going to be using all nine, but the only thing I need to do is put those in frames. And I'm just going to put them all under here. I'm thinking three under there and then one right over here. That actually looks amazing. It's not 100% perfectly straight, but you literally are not able to tell at all. Also, with this gap over here, the reason I left that much of a gap is because I'm actually going to hang like a flowing plant, and it's going to look really, really nice as it comes down. But that is only this part of the wall. I still want to hang posters around. So, before I do any other type of decorating, let's just hang posters around the entire room. I'm going to try not to overdo it, but we're definitely going to get rid of some of the blank space for sure. Honestly, I'm going to leave that there for now. I might change it, but I don't really think there is anywhere else I can add posters cuz obviously that's behind my door. I think it's just overdoing it if I add some over there. I really like how that looks. And then honestly, there isn't really any space around the setup at all. Before I actually decorate this part of the room here, I actually want to kind of finish up what I started over here. So, I want to hang up some things over there. And I also want to hang some things on top of the setup. I have pretty much any and every decoration here. So many keyboards. There's just so much all around here inside of these boxes as well. So, yeah, this is going to take a while because I'm a little bit picky. I just want to make it perfect. But, so let's get started. It's honestly insane how much of a difference a few little changes and like kind of additions to the room really completely transforms it. Right now, this is how I have the top of the setup looking. I almost guarantee I'm going to change that later. But for now, what I actually want to get started working on is this section. I'm not 100% sure what I want to do yet. I'm thinking of like adding just a bunch of keyboards since I have so many or kind of going with like a half keyboard, half type of like headset or something kind of layout. But the one thing that I need to point out is it is already 6:00 p.m. and I'm trying to finish this whole room today and we kind of are a little bit off track. I'm taking a lot of time decorating, so I need to lock in. I genuinely cannot believe this is my room. The transformation it has gone is just insane. So far, the fact that the room looks this good and there's legit no RGB lights. like it's all turned off and it just looks this insane. I've never in my life actually put this much effort into a room. And yeah, it's day number three, but I'm going to push through. I really want to finish this setup. I'm literally dying to see how good this room looks. I really, really want to see it today. I still will actually add a few things over here, like some kind of puck lights and add a little bit of RGB. But there's still one kind of big thing that I need to finish, which is this entire part of the room. I actually kind of have a good idea of how I want to organize this shelf. So, I'm not really too concerned about that. This I'm not really sure. And leave in the comments if I should add anything right in between here. I honestly have no ideas. I think I'm going to just kind of keep it plain. But I'm just going to focus on decorating both of these shelves. And then there's actually one more thing I still need to finish. There's genuinely so much stuff inside of this room from like car Legos, keyboards, posters, controllers, like and just so much. Honestly, I've never had so many things in one room. But like, dude, it's actually insane. Like, even right here, there are so many things that I've collected over the years, and finally, I get to showcase them pretty nicely. The sad thing is, a lot of these low-key were just sitting in storage, and I literally was never using them. So, I just bought these on Amazon. This is specifically a six-pack, but they're basically like RGB kind of like puck lights. And you stick these underneath the shelves. They are battery powered, so I do need to make sure that I do turn them off. However, they're just like remote controlled. I mainly honestly got it for this shelf cuz I want to add one under each of these posters and like of course the YouTube plaque. Let's go. 1 mil soon. 1 mil soon. But let's add those real quick. And I think that will almost be done for the decorations cuz honestly there is so much like tech and just like like stuff inside of this room right now. Installing all the puck lights under the shelves is really, really easy. And like I mentioned, there are these little remotes which we should be able to use to actually power them on and like actually change the color, which will be really, really cool. However, the one bad thing I noticed is each of them have three double A batteries. So, I definitely need to buy rechargeable batteries because honestly, you're probably going to be running through batteries pretty often. But now, I am actually getting really tired. The room is so close to being done. But now, let's get the entire gaming setup finished, connected, and then cut to the final setup cinematic. I'll put everything I used for this setup room in the description along with my brand new Elevate Culture mouse pads. Subscribe because this is only the first of many new rooms I'm going to be building inside of the house I just moved into. You can check out my second channel where I'm probably going to be posting a full dedicated tour of everything inside of the setup. But more importantly, remember Jesus loves you. And that's about it. God bless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vermax [31 likes]: 🚨 My Gaming Mousepads Are Launching July 1st!!! 🎁 - https://elevateculture.co/
Jesus Is King👑
"We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all." - Isaiah 53:6 ❤
  2. @AD_EDITS.YBT42 [1 likes]: Allah is king👑
  3. @breannacaraway: your phone comes with a leveler for free. It’s on your “measure” app that comes with iphone
  4. @hunterdavis2999: yo you know your phone comes with a leveling app right?
  5. @codywells239: what do you stream on?
  6. @10coinsgaming61: Can you show the plants you have by the light and poster and where I can buy it the big standing up bamboo fire vid
  7. @AntwanCampbell-dc6gh: Day 1 
Can I get a gaming pc only dont have to be full setup i play fortnite on my phone an only getting like max 30 fps😂 thankyou 🙏
  8. @SsntiagoMATA: I wonder where did I got the hanging wall shelfs I wanna get some like that!
  9. @ohma_senpai: There's an inbuilt level app in your iphone tho no need for a third party one its in your measure app
  10. @NoahBuildsPCs: What happened to your 4090 pc?
  11. @FeathersMcGraww-h3b: how many fucking dream set ups can you have
  12. @mohammedis1am: Your phone and an iPhone level app on it already so you didn't need to pay for one. It's on the Apple measure app.❤
  13. @CliveTheCool: This is fire 🔥
  14. @Arijol01: Ur overdoing the plants tbh
  15. @GLDNLuck: 1:24 the finger prints😭😭😭😭😭
  16. @SIPHO999: amen!!! also isn't this your old house
  17. @clxdee: 8:20 nice save vermax..
  18. @KumailNemazie: hey vermax! proud of you gang keep on the grind! I remember the vids you made in your parents house lol
  19. @martianx_53: Why not the master bedroom?
  20. @Remmedioss: congrats on geting ur dream room but how do you like saying at all so much?