- One More Round: Discover Rare Wines with Eric Hemer, SVP and Director of Wine Education: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to one more round we're back with our wine expert Eric keemer and Eric you've sold wine a few Decades of your life are there some bottles that jump out as some just memorable bottles you've helped customers find or acquire yeah there's there's been quite a few but one that's really really memorable is in 2004 you may know the name Doris Duke she loved wine and back in 1937 she laid down this very very impressive seller in one of her many mansions and filled it with the best wines in the world burgundy Bordeaux you know first growths the best Champagnes and it's sat in that Cellar from 1937 until she died and it was actually auctioned off by Christy's auction house in 2004 in New York you know through the southern license we would go on and bid on wines and I said I've got to have some of this it's some of the most rare one you could ever get in the world it's never moved since 1937 and it's all incredible stuff so I've been on a six-pack case of 1934 Arman Rousseau schomberton which is a Grand Cru Vineyard in burgundy it was supposed to go for about thirty five hundred dollars tops it ended up going for twenty four thousand dollars today it probably would have been over a hundred thousand dollars but I bought it for one of our customers uh and she put it on the wine list and was the only restaurant in the world that could offer this wine from Doris Duke seller so it was really really special and and just to look at the wine 70 years later it was pristine the bottle was the fill was right up to the cork it was it looked like it just got on the cellar yesterday it was amazing is that something your team tries to do to help customers find some of those unique products to put on their wine list that's what Somalia is do ours and restaurants Somalia is is you know you want to differentiate yourself from the other restaurants down the road so people are always looking for new you know products that you know they might have and somebody else doesn't have

- Where Can You Find Rare Wines In Dallas Fine Dining? - Everything About Dallas: Kind: captions Language: en Where can you find rare wines in Dallas fine dining? If you are a wine lover wondering where to find rare wines in Dallas's fine dining scene, you are in for a treat. Dallas is home to several top-notch restaurants that offer unique wine selections alongside exquisite dining experiences. Let's take a closer look at some of the best spots to indulge in rare wines. First up is 5570 Dallas, a private members club located in the Park Cities area. This exclusive venue is perfect for wine enthusiasts. Their Sier team hand selects rare and allocated bottles from around the world. You can enjoy these wines paired with gourmet dishes crafted by chef Josh Suckliffe. The club also offers luxury wine storage allowing you to keep your personal collection without any corkage fees. Next we have Perry's Steakhouse and Grill. Situated in the park district, this restaurant features an extensive wine list with over 100 selections. You will find Perry's reserve wines and offerings from family-owned venters. For those who want to store their own rare bottles, Perry's provides private temperature controlled wine lockers. Their knowledgeable sier staff is always ready to suggest perfect wine pairings to complement their award-winning menu. Another great option is Tango Room in the Design District. This venue is known for its unique sier picks and rare wine selections that you won't find anywhere else in Dallas. You can enjoy these wines on site or purchase bottles to take home. The chef's table experience here combines fine dining with exclusive wine pairings, making it a fantastic choice for those who appreciate rare vintages. Sir Steak and Spirits also stands out with a wine seller housing around 350 specially curated unique and rare wines. Their sier customizes wine selections to match the innovative woodfired steak dishes on the menu. The intimate chef's table experience further enhances the opportunity to explore rare wines in a fine dining context. Additionally, restaurants like the French Room and Georgie offer extensive wine lists with options by the glass. They utilize advanced preservation systems like Corivan, allowing guests to sample rare wines without opening entire bottles. These fine dining locations in Dallas provide the perfect ambience and expertise to enjoy rare wines. Whether you are seeking a private club experience, dedicated wine storage, or curated wine lists paired with highquality cuisine, you will find something to satisfy your pallet. So get ready to indulge in some of the finest wines Dallas has to offer.

- Inside a $21 Million Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en you don't have to be a professional to enjoy wine the only thing you need to have is i like it or i like it not underneath the luxurious cobourg palace in vienna are six wine cellars filled with some of the rarest bottles of wine you've ever seen [Music] totally there are six different wine caves there are all together a little more than 50 000 bottles all together and i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising but the list is changing all the time i'm i think we are also in the top 10 worldwide to compare these top 10 is not possible all are equal fantastic for themselves what makes a wine expensive why do people spend ten thousand dollars on a bottle 100 000 on a bottle the one point is the quality but there are more points how old is the wine how many are existed how special is really this this vintage and the reputation also of the wine so it's not very not often just the quality it's always a mixture of all custom tours and tastings led by professional sommeliers take visitors to the six cellars each with its own theme france new world old world ikem champagne and rare wines wine tastings are quite affordable and you don't have to be passionate about wine to enjoy one of these there are also deluxe packages for wine connoisseurs where you get to enjoy some of the upper end bottles the entire place is the equivalent of a bank vault for wines but to be honest you feel more like you're in an art gallery than anything else and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is from where you're buying you're buying directly sorry for from the vineyard perfect directly from really good traders also okay but always be careful the most expensive bottle we sold was actually now about two years ago a bottle for 170 000 euros bottle of six litres awesome wine the oldest wine in the collection is from 1727 that's older than mozart himself here is chateau chem ekem is a very famous sweetwine vineyard we have all vintages produced since 1893 here in this cave on the left ladder the highest is 1893 one below 1895-1896 the market value of the collection is about 18 million euros just to give you guys a glimpse into the prices they've received an offer of 20 000 euros for this bottle of dom perignon and refused to sell you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [66 likes]: Hey Aluxers, while shooting our 900,000 Special we went inside this 21 million dollar wine collection! Enjoy!
PS: The full video is coming soon!
  2. @allanwiener230 [1 likes]: What is the purpose of amassing such a collection?
  3. @davidcaple6521 [1 likes]: Kind of obnoxious... To be honest. I have a meager 2000 bottles worth way less... The difference, I'll drink that shit before I die (hopefully). Crazy old bottles??? For what? A dick measuring contest I guess? I mean this respectfully, I am truly enamored by the collection but at some point you have to ask yourself, why? Sincerely...
  4. @ernis_star [1 likes]: all bullsh...t !
99% of people dont know the diference between a 1 € wine and a 1000 € wine.

and the irony is : yung people even like the 1 € wine....

it s like modern art !  things that are only ponzi scheme
  5. @montvilleo [1 likes]: Oh yeah? Well I once had 48 - 12 oz bottles of "Southern Tier Pumpking" beer in my refrigerator !!!
  6. @ykhykh816 [1 likes]: The glass cabinets give me anxiety
  7. @yriafehtivan [1 likes]: $21 million / 50,000 bottles is roughly $420 per bottle. Damn, and I thought paying $30 for a basic level bottle of Burgundy was a bit pricy.
  8. @waskerbasket9601 [1 likes]: What is written on the floor?
  9. @achdjianfinearts [1 likes]: ridiculous !  so stupid !  there are thousands of much better wines at very unexpensive prices !
  10. @DesReck: wonder how many have TCA taint or premox
  11. @bs10098121: Wow!! A miniature piece of heaven here!!
  12. @aam3489: 3:50 Why is there arabic writing
  13. @Jupe367: When a wine has a date is that when it was bottle?  I see that there are wine back in 1800s.  Is wine any good after 20 years?
  14. @luisgamass5585: I was there 8 years ago Super impresive !!
  15. @Ody-up6kg: I did not see a single bottle of 1976 Boone's Farm!
  16. @martygt3357: You have way to much wine.  If you would like help fixing this problem, give me a call.
  17. @edmacfarlane9483: Awesome! I’d like to walk around with a Coravin sneaking a few samples!
  18. @Pandolcee: Over the last 2 years I have become more and more interesting in wine collecting for some reason, maybe I just like the elegance of the wine and the way its presented, or maybe I'm an alcoholic in disguise
  19. @teri-rossicyda2874: stunning
  20. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: Смотри не заблудись

- How to Find RARE Bourbon.... ALLOCATED: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about allocated Bourbon and I'm going to give you four tips and tricks on how I get bottles like these stick around yeah [Music] yeah welcome back to that bourbon dude my name is Charles today we're talking about allocated bourbon because it is the beginning of allocation season and hopefully we all find that bottle that we're looking for and you can see beside me I've got some pretty hard to get bottles and I'm going to tell you the four ways that I go about finding hard to get allocated bourbons and stick around and you'll find out what allocated bourbon I'm drinking on today all right ladies and gentlemen so number one number one is going to be the distilleries go into the Bourbon Trail or if you're not in the Bourbon Trail you're any of the other distilleries early mornings line up if they do uh allocated drops that's a great way to get your hands on a bottle at MSRP and that's what's important finding these bottles at the most affordable price we all can find them at crazy jacked up prices at these Museum stores but I can tell you every single bottle that's on this this table right now has all been purchased at MSRP okay so that's what I want to do I going to help you find models at that price so the first tip is hit the distilleries okay early mornings you got Heaven Hill dropping amazing stuff like this uh right here this is the old fits very very special uh 13e this is the the 25th anniversary of when they purchased the burn Distillery super hard to get you got it at the Distillery early morning lineup okay so that's tip number one tip number two this one seems to be a little crazy for people when I say this but when they start implementing this technique I start getting messages hey it worked pictures of bottles they're like this really worked okay so I like to take a second jump on Google Maps just type in liquor store into your browser there in your search bar and hit liquor store get go boom all little liquor stores popping up okay what I look for is smaller towns like 50,000 in population and Below okay if they have a bunch of stores in that City start looking around those stores get on Google street uh view looking at the location like what's around it if it's in a very um affluent area or is it in a lower income area typically your lower income areas are going to have a lot of allocations because the people that um come into that store is going to be buying Fireball different Shooters wheatly vodka the things that the stores have to sell to be able to get these allocated products now the second part of this equation is looking for uh a quick Google search to see what the average medium income is for that area okay I like to focus my searches on areas that has income levels of 50,000 and less and i' try not to go below that $32,000 Mark if you can stay between that 32 and 50 55,000 that's a sweet spot they have a little bit of disposable income so they are buying bottles there at these stores the stores get the allocated but then they don't have the money to be able to purchase set allocated products and it's left for the taking so that is my tip number two number three is probably one that you all have already done go out and Hunt but here's the key part stop hunting your same old areas spread out your surge parameter go out further when when you taking a family vacation stop along the way when you've got a weekend to just drive around go drive somewhere you haven't driven before and then Implement number two use that technique finding stores and then you're going to have a better opportunity of finding these bottles and then when you are finding these bottles make sure you're marking these down on your Google Google Maps put a star on that leave a note on it for yourself that way when you're back in that area you can go back and don't be afraid to shoot your shot at the store go into that store say you need something for mixers at the house buy it just just kind of open up conversation with that store clerk maybe it's the owner maybe it's just someone that works there and just be like hey do you guys ever get any allocated maybe they say yes maybe they say no but at the very least you shot your shot whether you get something or not that's a different story but you're not going to walk out of that store saying dang I wish that I would have tried okay don't don't leave there with regret that's that's just not going to work okay and then number four number four is probably the most important of all of them and that is patience patience pays off I know it is so hard you walk into a store boom they got Jack Daniels 12y year $200 you're like oh man that's cheaper than secondary and you just jump right on it no don't do it do not do it wait if you don't get it as soon as you see it it's okay it is okay not to have any of these bottles because there are a million other bottles that are on the market that you can buy that are so good and not hard to find that are just sit on shelves every day of the week so be patient don't always just be overly aggressive to purchase something just to say you have it I'm I'm the guy that holds off on buying stuff until I find it at the price that it's supposed to be at like I am notorious for being a MSRP Shopper even if it's within like 30 or sometimes I'm just like no I'm still going to pass so be patient like for instance George T stag this was $100 $100 nothing special it wasn't a special drop it wasn't like a a lottery I just literally walked into a store bought actually a handle of Wild Turkey 101 because I needed it for mixers standing there at the counter I noticed uh a George T stag box sitting in the floor and I was like hey is that empty they're like no I got one left I'm like how much they said 99.99 I took it it was just complete happen stance but I had actually implemented my previous steps I spread out my uh search parameter that was the key because I was in an area I'd never been in before and then I also looked at that area to find out what their income level was how many stores who owns it are they in those uh less prosperous neighborhoods these are key factors in how I go about getting these bottles okay so number four is be patient it's so important to be patient now I promised you guys I would tell you what is in this glass all right one more Sip and then we'll get to it all right folks right now I am sipping on Blandon straight from the barrel my all-time favorite Blandon pick this up for $43 picked it up in the Florida Keys actually so I got it down there and the keys are a great place to hunt so if you're down there check it out now before you go if you've got value out of this video please hit the like the Subscribe and share let's push this out to people who are really looking for these bottles and might need some help so do me a favor help me push this video out and help one of your friends as well find good bottles and until next time bourbon D out

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaterTots88 [5 likes]: At what point paying secondary is cheaper? Lets be honest it can take dozens of trips to find some allocated bottles, costing a lot of money.
  2. @omalley16 [4 likes]: You hit the nail on the head.   I only go into low income areas that have liquor stores and they are usually goldmines
  3. @user-zx8de8op9l [3 likes]: Before I got into bourbon my uncle who is 65 asked me if I had ever heard of Pappy, I said no. His co-worker was a bourbon expert I guess and went to Milwaukee to a sketchy liquor store to buy a bottle. This was about 10 yrs. ago.Why would run down stores with bars on the windows have hard to find rare stuff? It would make sense to me to be sold  in rich areas, as it seems that you have to be rich to afford it anyway. Another uncle only drinks regular Jack Daniels, but could afford to buy much higher priced stuff. His problem it would be gone in know time.
  4. @NateForTree [2 likes]: I passed up Elmer for $200 two years ago. Did I mess up??
  5. @TheReal_DeanD [2 likes]: Also, what I found is helpful with finding allocated bottles is to shop during the day. Some stores will restock or get stock in in the morning or early afternoon so shop during the day.
  6. @hockeyplayer39 [1 likes]: Tip # 2 is 100% true but from my experience these stores like to jack up the price a bit more than secondary. I usually will ask for a cash discount which can knock a bit off the price. As always be prepared to walk away if you can't reach a price that is fair to you.
  7. @davidhagstrom103 [1 likes]: Great advice
  8. @elipolancojr3219 [1 likes]: I love the mentality of buying MSRP I totally agree whole hearted.
  9. @mraBJJ33 [1 likes]: George t stagg is msrp at $100, but blantons sftb is $150?
  10. @PapasBBQ-93 [1 likes]: Great advice!
  11. @shawnmahoney8870 [1 likes]: People don’t realize what a great area Indiana is for allocated bourbon . While on a routine trip , I stopped by a Sam’s Club where I had scored a standard Blanton’s and a Henry McKenna Single Barrel at the same time. An older gentleman stocking he liquor shelves asked if he could help me…..I asked if his inventory showed any Blanton’s in the back…..he said “it shows 4”…..let’s go check. I walked with him and he opened the door to the back room…..”No Blanton’s”…….but I got this other stuff not showing……it’s William Larue Weller 2024. Here you go……MSRP is $150……..I paid $119………Indiana rocks!!
  12. @FrankPierce77 [1 likes]: I did your Tip #2 this in the Hagerstown MD area.  Scored some really nice bottles
  13. @Concert-Fan [1 likes]: Great advice!
  14. @TheReal_DeanD [1 likes]: With all the bourbon, pricing information out on the Internet and the smaller liquor stores getting squeezed hard by the distributors if a store has these they will not sell it at msrp. One store said they can’t when I was talking to him. He told me see those cases of tequila back there. That is what I had to take on to get the EHT BP. I can’t sell that crap tequila so I have to charge you more for the EHT BP.
  15. @HeraclitusSelect [1 likes]: Where did you find the Blantons at in the Florida Keys??
  16. @cblock1002 [1 likes]: Great tip about the income average. I never thought of that.
  17. @BrothersBarrel [1 likes]: Great tips!🥃
  18. @durzagon88 [1 likes]: FL is a great place to hunt. Other then Weller and distillery drops its all here just need to find the diamond stores which is usually the stores with store picks who reward those who buy their picks and share a love for bourbon too. Grocery stores are great too.
  19. @RobertDesimone-h8v: Hi Charles
Can you help me sell a bottle of Hirsch 1974 16 year old reserve?
  20. @RandyLalonde: Man you hit it ,,,, I had to learn to wait and it pays off putting off that excitment of owning a certain bottle for the rite price ...Thanks

- Where Can You Find Rare Wine Cellars In Washington DC's Fine Dining?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Where can you find rare wine sellers in Washington DC's fine dining? Imagine walking into a restaurant and discovering a hidden treasure chest of wines waiting to be explored. Washington DC is home to some exceptional dining spots that feature rare wine sellers perfect for wine lovers. These sellers hold more than just bottles. They are curated collections of history, craftsmanship, and flavor. One standout is the bizaar by Joseé Andress, located inside the Waldorf Atoria Hotel near the National Mall. It boasts a wine seller with space for 1,000 bottles and over 400 labels. The collection is managed by a professional wine director and focuses heavily on Spanish wines. You can find multiple Rioa verticals from renowned producers like Lopez de Heredia and Raisers Danuza. They also have sparkling wines from Spain and some wines from Virginia, all carefully stored to age beautifully. This seller supports the restaurant's award-winning tasting menus, giving guests access to rare and collectible wines. Another notable place is District Winery, situated in the Capital Riverfront neighborhood. It is a hybrid winery and restaurant that produces small batches of wine on site. Their wine seller includes unique selections not easily found elsewhere in the city. Visitors can to the winery and taste wines directly from the production process, making it a special experience for wine enthusiasts. The Capital Grill is famous for its upscale stakes and also for its extensive wine list. Their seller contains vintage wines and prestigious labels, perfect for pairing with their premium seafood and steaks. The wine collection is well curated with many rare bottles that elevate the dining experience. Besides these, other restaurants like Fiola, Annabel DC, Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab, and John also feature impressive wine list with rare bottles and verticals. Wine bars such as Lulu's Wine Garden and Easy Company at the Warfer curated selections of rare and specialty wines, often focusing on wines by the glass and approachable rare finds. If you want to explore these rare wine sellers, it's best to make reservations in advance. Many places have policies for accessing their private collections, and a sumier or wine director can guide you through the options. Some venues even offer private tastings or event spaces where you can enjoy rare wines in a more intimate setting. So whether you're dining at the bazaar by Joseé Andress or visiting district winery, Washington DC has some fantastic spots for discovering rare and exceptional wines. These places combine fine dining with the thrill of exploring unique wine collections, making every visit memorable.

- Why the Wine Industry Is Dying and the Impact on Business: Kind: captions Language: en so something not talked about very much but is a big problem uh is that the wine market is in absolute crisis the entire industry is basically in freef fall over the past couple years uh by the numbers in 2021 we peaked at per capita consumption of wine at about 3.2 gallons per person uh that number has gone down 15% just in 2 years to 2023 so to put that in perspective uh the white industry consumption has gone down by 15% in 2 years uh the size of that is massive that's 3 and A2 billion bottles of wine less consumed per year just in two years so uh this video is about what's going on why is this happening and what does it mean for small businesses and business CEOs so if you're new here my name is Michael uh girdley I love to make videos about business I'm a 20-year plus CEO uh I'm a business nerd I've hired hundreds of people incubated dozens of companies uh if you ask me what I love to do I love business it's super fun and it's interesting because before this time actually wine was mostly just a very Main Street kind of drink it was actually probably much more so considered a cheap drunk right you could go spend 50 or 75 cents you get a full bottle of wine uh and that was table wine or that kind of stuff and you know it was an every man kind of thing not the types of things that you know turned into where a wine eventually got to which is a lot of status games and luxury type stuff but look this is America and if somebody sees something they can sell for 75 cents they're darn sure going to try to figure out a way to uh sell it for $75 and uh marketers got involved and of course this is America so we want to make money uh and the California wine industry at this time blossomed from the late 60s to the late 70s so just over the course of about 10 years uh the amount of acreage used for wine grape cultivation more than doubled like it was up over 144% just crazy and what you had was kind of a perfect storm at this time in the' 60s and70s of three generations together that were all interested in being wine consumers and so for me I remember going through kind of the pictures of of my grandparents during this time and they had fought during World War II uh my grandfather was on a ship in the Pacific my other grandfather was a flight instructor and look as we look at industries that have proven to be some of the best marketers over the years I think in the Hall of Fame has to be the wine industry like these people were really really good um one of my favorite examples which I guess we can decide if it was ethical or not was starting to promote alcohol consumption and wine consumption as good for you like when I was a kid like I'm 50 right now when I was a kid like there was all kinds of media it's like oh you should have a couple glasses of wine a day uh and I remember my grandmother saying that cuz well she wanted to have a couple glasses of wine every day and uh she definitely um em bibed and uh what did she use as a reason to like justify it well what she heard on the media and a great example of this uh culminated in a early 1990 60-minute episode uh where they actually went through this French paradox and part of the conclusion was that drinking a little bit of wine each day was actually good for you too much not good for you uh but just a couple glasses would be better than none at all and then in the early 2000s uh we saw a new trend which was Millennials showed up and Millennials were these folks that were kind of born 1980 to 1995 they entered the wine drinking age and what did Millennials get driven by a lot individuality and being special right um every Millennial I mentioned this to by the way says I'm not special I don't think I'm special uh and I was like yeah you're not like the rest of those Millennials think you need to be special totally get it but what the marketing departments and the marketing movements of these wine companies did was really smart they changed the way they started to think about wine and and the way they started to talk about it which was very much focused on individuality and uniqueness and look the Millennials were a fantastic audience for this they wanted to be part of what they saw as unique and cool and all this worked really well and it worked so well that by 2016 Millennials were consuming on average two two cases of wine per person per year that's 159 million cases a year and all this was going incredibly well right we continue to have this perfect storm of generation that really wanted to drink wine found that wine could speak to their personal interests in life and career and professionally and home and family and all that kind of stuff but then it all changed and in 2021 wine consumption started to go into a free fall so what happened well the same generational stuff that was creating so much wine consumption uh has totally turned against it right so the silent and greatest Generation folks those people that were born before uh or fought in World War II they're long since gone and the Baby Boomers well they're getting old and Millennials they're getting old too and by 20203 like if you do the math people born right after World War II they're getting into their late 70s and you know what old people discover they can't do as much anymore drink a lot of wine like old people I'm getting old I'll tell you you can't drink like you do when you're a young person and Millennials who are on Instagram and the internet all the time they're getting older and more healthc conscious too uh so let's look at this all from the perspective of like a very common small business which is a full service restaurant that has a wine menu well most of us that have bought wine at a liquor store or grocery store and then bought at a restaurant have realized very quickly that the wine on the menu at a restaurant is marked up 2 or 300% and a typical full service restaurant might operate at 2% 3% or even 5% net margins and big chunks up to 20 30 40% of the profit for these full service restaurants is from this kind of high margin alcohol sales and if customers aren't showing up and aren't buying that alcohol you can see what's going to happen to those restaurant profits which are thin already to start with now like most things in business there's not one thing causing this kind of shift um but let's go through each one of them and the first one of those is social media social media has drastically turned against uh the idea of alcohol consumption um and to some extent for good reason like the whole idea of the French paradox that I talked about before where moderate consumption of alcohol is actually good for you right that is all actually shifting and part of the reason I want to make this video today is there's a viral post on social media where people are talking about how the search and general now wants to say that any alcohol consumption at all is bad for you and cancer causing hundreds of thousands of deaths a year all happening because of alcohol consumption and the numbers of kind of consumer attitudes they back up this change in perception amongst consumers so in 2005 22% of respondents uh in a survey and I'll put the put the link to it below uh said that any alcohol consumption at all was bad for you uh by 2023 that number had jumped up to 39% and so the story of alcohol and consumption in the US is kind of interesting mass media and traditional media created it and social media is kind of killing it and the second thing going against alcohol is competition and that biggest competitor is THC AKA marijuana and over the past 30 years we've seen a 15x increase in the amount of consumption of these types of products and by 20122 we have a situation where more people are using marijuana products on The Daily like daily consumption of marijuana than people who are drinking alcohol daily right that's a radical it's just a radical shift and third like inflation and costs have hit Young Folks incredibly hard and wine it's not cheap like a glass of wine even at my favorite restaurant Chili's might cost you 10 or 12 bucks for like a middle of the road glass why would you spend that kind of money when you could spend five or six bucks and get a beer or a mocktail or a mixed drink and lastly gen Z is the slowest to grow up and do bad things generation of any generation in history they're delaying things like driving getting married and alcohol consumption and to them like they just don't see the appeal like why would I go get drunk it seems like a lot of work and in wine in particular it definitely doesn't help that wine is seen as uncool and old and just not something hip if you're a young person so that's where we're at today and why the wine industry is in a freef fall is you have an entire generation of Millennials and baby boomers that are either dying out or aging out of alcohol and wine consumption and you have younger Generations that could care less and uh yeah that's that's why it's cratering so what does this mean for business look I think like most Trends you need to take a look at your business and identify if what's happening with demographics and tastes and people's preferences is going to affect help or hurt your business and so like if I owned a wine glass factory right now I would be looking to definitely like drisk that deal like how do I how do I make sure that I can uh maybe get out of that business and sell at the top or if I'm in a restaurant how do I start to think about my overhead in light of the fact that wine consumption alcohol consumption should keep decreasing over the coming years but this is where changing Trends have the inverse effect they're not only going to kill some businesses they are going to help some businesses and we're seeing the rise of things like mocktails which are have gotten to be very popular and these are cocktails that are done without any alcohol at all and we're starting to see the rise of kind of healthy party drinks uh liquid death is kind of the most famous of that if you haven't seen it it is a Giants flavored sparkling water with no alcohol in it and uh I had one the other day I thought they were kind of dorky uh and it was pretty good um but in short things like liquid death mocktails all that kind of stuff they potentially create opportunities for small businesses to say hey with younger people tastes are changing and how do I modify my offering in a way that's going to take advantage of that and look as you think as you think about the takeaway from all this the big lesson is that uh the only constant is change right we're always seeing shifts in technology and society and people's attitudes and customer buying preferences in the environment that's just the nature of the way things go and also why so few businesses last for hundreds of years right they last for a year months dozens of years uh and the thing on on us as entrepreneurs is to be mindful of the shifting Sands around us and react accordingly and in the case of this particular one gen Z is thinking very differently about alcohol and specifically wine Than People of my old ass generation are doing so and uh I for one am pretty excited about it they're a great group of people the young people will be just all right in my opinion with or without drinking any wine

  Top Comments:
  1. @goldgeologist5320 [1 likes]: Not being a drinker or marijuana user, I can not relate.  But that rate of marijuana use increase is most concerning!
  2. @davealmer3803 [1 likes]: watched the one on bourbon too....people are broke and booze is expensive.
  3. @nadia-i1l5h [1 likes]: Wine to me tastes like vinegar
  4. @argirypanagopoulos8928: You booze you lose!! Stay off the sauce.
  5. @waldopepper1974: What I have surmised from you video's, is that you can go back to in point in time, and there you would find this ebb & flow, of businesses rising and falling. Everything has a life...beginning, middle, Zenith, and downfall. The stories are all quit the same. Kinda like VH1's "Behind the Music" about every rock bands rise and fall.....it's the same story.
  6. @truthlifefishing1730: GOOD RIDDANCE TO ALCOHOL.
  7. @NorsioNorsius: "Gen Z are Delaying bad things....like getting married...."
LOL
  8. @ClamBaker: Canadians aren't buying your wine.  Gotta be a few percent, eh? 😂
  9. @Queens538: People are broke can’t afford it
  10. @energydave10: Not an ad, but Eola Hills Pinot Noir, a nice Oregon wine which retails for $12-$15. You never need to spend more than that on a bottle of wine.
  11. @marktracy1988: I hate wine 1 glass max too much of a hang over But we rehabbed this house in St Helena WOW I used to go jogging in the orchards Napa is soooo green it's gorgeous People who talk smack about California are clueless yes the 3 major towns have gone downhill what a crying shame But anyone saying California isn't gorgeous is a liar
  12. @rplsolo8220: Biggest scam.......wine is good for you!!
  13. @rplsolo8220: Its loaded with sugar!!
  14. @Bob45454: Younger generation don't want to be a sad alcoholic like their mother.......
  15. @coisafofa420: This isn’t the first video where I noticed Mr Girdley didn’t mention Gen X at all.  We are called the forgotten generation.  Wonder if he’s trying to prove that point LOL
  16. @northtrader: 5:03 .... right on cue ... Gen X is invisible  .... 😅
  17. @brandonbeattytrance: Why does a glass of "house" wine cost more than buying a bottle. Thats part of the problem right there.
  18. @H0mework: I'm smoking 7:50 you caught me😅
  19. @goldgeologist5320: In my life time in the 1960s and 1970s I think the master of marketing were tobacco and beer companies.
  20. @Mastermind8912-f5p: Why is the Kroger I shop at loaded with so many different brands of wine?  Seems like everyone is trying to get into the game.

- Uncorked: Wine Collecting for Enthusiasts: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] hi i'm pete walther and welcome to another episode of confidently covered i'm here today with our guest brian ward who's the director of wine and spirits for the winston art group we're going to focus on wine collections as an asset talk a little bit about spirits as well brian if you would uh take a minute to introduce yourself to the audience that would be great i'm really excited to be here so thank you for having me as pete mentioned i'm brian ward with the winston art group and mainly what i do at winston is i do a lot of appraisal work whether it's for insurance estates claims that sort of thing as well as advisory for clients whether it's buying or selling and then collection management just making sure that i help them collect and properly take care of their collection over the years and i've been in the industry now for about 12 years or so with specifically with wine in 20 years or so with collectibles terrific thank you maybe we can start with wine as an asset class and and go from there what's happening in the marketplace right now when you look at wine just to give a little bit of context as a collecting class has been around for quite some time you know people have been collecting wine and whiskey for a very long time but looking at it as an asset is relatively new so that's been more of the past 15 maybe a little longer than 15 years or so um and the market was very strong up until about 2011 when the 2008 recession hit especially here in the states and then eventually globally and the market before that was driven by the chinese market so and specifically poured out but what that did is it opened up the global market so collectors started looking beyond just bordeaux they started really going into burgundy they started going to california italy rome champagne really all over the world to start looking at these different markets and look at wine as collectible assets and the same is true with whiskey that's a little bit newer and when i say new was probably within the past five years or so ago and you look at whiskey and it's mainly comprised of scotch whiskey japanese whiskey and then bourbon whiskey and bourbon really is kind of the newest member of that group and probably has some of the biggest growth potential actually if you fast forward to today the pandemic has really changed the market in a meaningful way and when the pandemic started right away what we saw was a lot of collectors started drinking through their collections they weren't going to restaurants to drink they weren't buying a lot because there wasn't a lot out in the marketplace so they were drinking through their collections within the secondary market what happened was collectors did still want to sell their wine and they still did want to buy but the auction houses couldn't go out to get those collections and then they had to move obviously to online so the ones that already had it were very nimble and prices actually didn't change at all which was quite interesting is this something that's going to continue or are we going to see a big dip when the market opens back up so as it did into the late summer and fall the market did open back up but what happened was collectors wanted to restock their collections and they wanted to go out and get those great wines that they no longer had or wanted to have and really pick up where they left off so prices not only um didn't go down but they went up quite dramatically and there's been record after record broken not only with wine but with whiskey so brian with with that in mind and understanding that we're approaching near 40-year highs relative to inflation what's the relationship between the value of wine uh the trends in inflation any thoughts on the overall impact on on one's collection okay so wine and whiskey to a lesser degree before but it's becoming much more important they haven't been as susceptible to the typical ups and downs that you see and even some of the recessions for instance burgundy did not dip at all and that's because wine has shown over a 10-year period frank the the knight frank index kind of tracks all collectibles and what they've been doing wine has had a 120 percent increase over that 10-year period so it's been very stable at returning 12 which has shown that the the market itself is very strong with wine and whiskey now is seeing these crazy returns over the past five years just because it's such a new market some of the aspects you know whether it's japanese whiskey or scotch or even specific bourbons like papi van winkley may have heard of they've seen upwards of 200 percent it'll definitely level out but we've seen just this this amazing growth rate and so there's a lot of these new funds that are showing up not just wine and whiskey but you know whether it's art whether it's car funds things like that that collectors are putting their cash into to hedge against inflation and wine and whiskey is is a perfect one so as you democratize this asset class you're creating opportunities for more liquidity to flow into the asset class driving up prices perhaps and and creating this resiliency that that i think you were speaking to right so you mentioned democratizing the marketplace and we're seeing this with other funds as well being able to invest in you know picassos and things like that and you know ferraris that people typically never have access to and wine and whiskey are becoming the same way you know i mentioned that mcallen i mean that's 1.9 million dollars that's not typical but most collectors would need to spend you know hundreds of thousands up into millions of dollars to be able to get the kind of returns that some of these funds can do because they're out purchasing you know if you walk into a chateau with five million dollars to purchase wine they're gonna listen to you so they're gonna give you some of the best that they have so collectors can then take advantage of buying putting a little bit of cash or as much cash as they want into this type of market that over a five-year period should continue to see some of these growth rates as opposed to having it you know in the dow jones or the stock market right and it and it eliminates the consumption risk um i guess exactly yeah that wine is locked up uh you know the equivalent of fort knox so and and it is true you know you think about a wine and whiskey fond okay well at the end of it i've invested x amount of dollars you know send me some of that wine and whiskey but it's it's locked down and then at the end of that period whether it's a five or seven year period those wines would be liquidated just like any other fund and then the returns given to the investor that's really really interesting and and on the uh individual side we we did talk all joking aside about people drinking through their collections during the pandemic um you know as restrictions ease and and and so forth what are the other reasons that's causing movement in collections whether it's you know selling buying etc there are so many collectors that they want to sell all parts of their collections of course they always want to buy that i think everyone knows that but when you think about selling you don't realize quite how active the market is and the the main reasons historically are similar to what you know you see for almost selling anything you know death death divorce and debt right so the kind of the 3ds but wine is a little bit more unique in the sense because most collectors and ones that become serious collectors start kind of with an emotional connection so they may go on a trip to italy or bordeaux or napa and they fall in love with the wines they've had on that trip so they start buying them and they realize you know i really enjoy wine so they broaden their palate and they start buying from other regions and the the kind of the typical train of collecting is you start in napa you get those big bold cabernets which are great and very easy to drink you move on to bordeaux and italy and then you end up in burgundy burgundy's kind of the king of wine collecting so often what happens during that period is that collectors want to sell off some of their their previous collection that they're no longer quite as interested in so it's this constant you know buying and selling over the course of the collection right so the market's kind of kind of rotating if you will as new people come in and others in the market mature with respect to the the passion side of investing is it similar to cars uh when we talk to car collectors uh and experts in that category the advice that we often hear them giving our clients is buy what you love is that name for wine it's very much the same so i work with a lot of collectors ones that are existing collectors and then also ones that are new collectors because they enjoy wine but they want to expand their collection they don't really know what to start so i always tell them you know look at kind of three different tiers when you're collecting one what do you like what do you just like to drink on a regular day and not only that but what what do you have no problem pulling up at thanksgiving to give you know let crazy uncle frank drink right then two is more of the wines that have potential they can age maybe not even grow in value but they have a lot of age abilities so over you know 10 years those wines are going to change in flavor and they're just a lot of fun and then you have kind of that third tier and those are the ones that perhaps you don't want to touch because they have a lot of potential to go up in value but even outside of hiring a consultant as i mentioned it's it's extremely emotional i mean you know you think about the wines especially if you're a wine person that you had at your wedding or your child's graduation or these other big moments in your life and that can often kick off collecting it is a very emotional um collection and cars you know instead of having to spend 20 million dollars on a ferrari you know that 20 million dollars would go a very long way with wine so um you know i think it's a a little easier collection to get started with that makes sense so so let's pivot for a minute and talk about the next generation of collectors what are the trends that are emerging uh that are observable maybe even measurable um you know with this next generation that's coming up yeah and that's really been something to watch because the types of wines that new collectors are experiencing are different from the the typical collections that we've seen in the past so it was often the big red wines the bordeaux's the burgundies the barolos but new collectors are really globalizing the wine marketplace and by that i mean they're going to uh try different types of wines from greece from italy that you know are sicilian wines that are grown in volcanic ash and have a very different profile hungarian wines i mean there's so many wines out there that most people are unfamiliar with but this new generation of wine collectors is really diving into and there's now much more of a crossover where before either you collect wine or you collected spirits but now this new generation is is much more experiential as well i think so they're out taking trips you know they're not afraid to try new things so they're collecting both spirits and wine at the same time and then you think about technology you know with this generation um they're much more interested in what's going on with things like nfts and not necessarily you know the the crypto kitties or the board app things or whatever they're selling for so much but looking at the new technology to help them track their collections you know where did they buy it from the the provenance the insurance that it should have the storage and exactly where it is in a storage place so all these things together i think is very actually good for collecting because it's going to broaden you know the collecting market out there and then also create a lot more regions that do have collectibility so brian while we're talking about trends and changes maybe we can talk about climate change and the impact of wildfires on the overall asset class yeah absolutely climate change is obviously a big subject in the world right now and most people think of it as a bad thing but with wine there's actually benefits to it as well which i'll mention in a moment um but everyone sees what's going on with the napa wildfires and just the heat in general you know it makes it much more top because when when the climate is hotter with grapes what that does is it ripens them much faster and it takes away some of the components that make that wine so unique like the acidity it gives it too much alcohol but the wildfires have obvious effects right if it burns down the crop it burns down the crop but there's also smoke tape that a lot of people don't think about the other is which we'll talk about some disasters i know we're going to discuss but is you know the increase in flooding and hurricanes and things like that that not only cause the damage they do but they cause power outages which is a disaster for wine but but on the positive side to put a little bit of a better spin on it you know wine is meant to be grown in kind of this perfect zone you know the the longitude and latitude so right in this perfect zone um so for instance i'll give a perfect example is in germany riesling which is a really nice wonderful white wine because it's gotten just a little bit warmer and almost just warm enough that these grapes will now ripen exactly as they should so they've seen a big benefit and then finally also the idea that now you can start growing grapes where you couldn't before so if it's a climate that was much too cool but it's warmed up a little bit now you can introduce grapes that are that like a little bit more warmth so there are some benefits to it but you know obviously with the wildfires and the disasters that's the that's the tougher aspect of it so brian while we're on the subject of disasters uh not everything is climate change it's not always the external environment uh oftentimes it it's a disaster of smaller proportions that happens within one's home or or in a storage facility i have a friend personally who had a fairly substantial collection worth a few hundred thousand dollars and he was away and his family was away and his thermostat went and it basically cooked his collection and i'm sure you have a ton of stories maybe if you could share some of those and offer some advice to our audience relative to how to protect uh their passions and and maybe some new technology that's emerging where people can monitor their systems remotely uh etc yeah that for me that's one of the biggest things that i'm trying to try to constantly convey to collectors because he as you mentioned no matter where it comes from is the biggest enemy to wine because it in essence it cooks the wine like you said but even if it's not much heat it adds energy to that wine so big problem with that if it's a wine that's meant to be drunk within a year or so that's okay you know it's not going to affect it as much as you might think but where it does have a problem is with an investment wine so wine that can be meant to age 20 30 50 years if it adds a little bit of energy to that wine then that wine will age prematurely so if you open it and you may not know right away so i have a lot of cases where you know it the client wasn't sure exactly how much the wine the temperature went up and you taste and there's no obvious signs so the obvious signs are is the cork raised because it you know it expanded to heat it up so it expanded and it pushes the cork up are there signs of seepage uh meaning that the wind actually because of that expansion goes up around the cork and comes down through the capsule so there's often pretty obvious signs but when there's not you go to you resort to tasting and even then with these wines that have a lot of potential for aging it's not always obvious as well so you might taste it it tastes fine but in five years it's aged quite prematurely just because of that energy so when i work with clients i make sure that they store them properly and i had a case where a client wanted to sell his collection and when i went into the cellar beautiful lines you know at least on paper there are beautiful lines uh you know dear domain romani conte which is kind of the king of wines and this collector over 20 years of collecting had put it just in a basement room and had a little ac unit and to the point where as i was going through it there were obvious signs as i mentioned but also there were pieces of wine that within it squirrels had used clearly to winter because there were squirrel nests and just piles of nuts and things like that so it was really disturbing to see and the people that came in to collect it they didn't they ended up not buying it of course but they were gonna take some and they decided not to because they decided they would have to have hazmat suits to come in and get that wine um others though that are a little bit more obvious than what you might expect or when there's wildfires and hurricanes and things like that another story is i had a client that i did a claim for and a wildfire was coming and he decided to he wanted to save his wine and he threw it all in the pool so he did save his wine but the problem is is that all of the labels came off so a settlement occurred but he ended up actually being a really good sport about it and had a lot of kind of potluck parties where you would just grab a bottle of wine and see if you could figure out what it was and then finally the biggest i see are hurricanes so and not the damage from the hurricane but the power outages because in a hurricane you have to evacuate and even these these collectors that have these perfect sellers they have generators there's so many times when those generators fail and then the wines get up to 80 90 degrees over a week period especially in florida places like that and the wine is completely cooked so i recommend to clients that if you're going to have a serious collection store all site there's so many all across the country in every state these professional facilities that that's what they do they store wine and they have proper temperature control 55 degrees proper humidity 65 degrees so make sure you store your wine there however all collectors want to show off some of their collection and have it available but provenance for wine the most important thing is how it's stored because if you do want to sell it you need to prove that you stored it properly if you want to sell through sotheby's or zackies or one of the auction houses if they get a sign at all that there was potentially an issue in the past then either they won't take that collection or you know they'll sell it for much less so brian that's really interesting and and in terms of provenance what would be your tip to our listeners first when they're looking at exploring the acquisition of a new collection and understanding the provenance what should they be looking for and then once they've acquired a collection and they're preserving and maintaining and protecting that collection what's the obligation or the burden that they have to maintain that chain of provenance if you will right so with wine and whiskey certainly to a degree but not as much wine has two pieces of provenance to look at provenance with most assets means the chain of ownership right so with wine that's that is actually quite important because you want to understand where it was purchased but much more important is the storage because most wines are not you know don't have the value to be faked so the large majority 99 of wines are never going to be faked anyway but making sure that you store it properly is is much more important so that's why i suggest storing it off-site because there are records kept the entire time that the wine is stored there of exactly the temperature that it was stored if it ever was moved the exact humidity everything that you would want to be able to give an auction house if for instance you were going to sell that more than any other aspect of wine collecting is to make sure that you have your wine properly stored and of course properly insured because if you ever do have a loss and understanding the value of that collection is extremely important and you did mention in in i know that was kind of a long answer but you did mention the idea of kind of managing it we actually have a piece of software called vitus there's a lot of different software applications out there that help clients understand the drinkability of their collections one of the biggest things is um even if you're a big collector and you know everything about wine being able to manage that drinkability and that maturity because wine may have a 10-year window it may have a 40-year window it may have a five-year window so being able to manage that and understand it is something that i work with clients very closely with as well thank you brian that's fantastic we really appreciate it uh thanks for sharing some wonderful tips some great advice and even some great stories we're delighted to have had you on the program um you know really appreciate you taking the time to spend with us thank you pete i really enjoyed it as well and uh cheers if you're eager to learn more you can find a list of resources in today's show notes or head over to marshpcs.com if you enjoyed listening be sure to leave us a kind review and like or subscribe so you can know when we release new episodes lastly we invite you to come on over and join the larger conversation on our social media channels you can find marsh mclennan agency private client services on linkedin facebook and on twitter this has been confidently covered we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeffreybeehler9019 [1 likes]: Great episode.  Peter and Brian keep it simple and clear yet provide a comprehensive look at wine & spirit collecting and the associated risks.

- Wine & Geopolitics 2025: How to Position Your Portfolio Now: Webinar with RareWine Invest: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to this webinar about the&nbsp; wine market. Today we're going to discuss the&nbsp;&nbsp; recent geopolitical situation and how to position&nbsp; your portfolio in this changing world. My name is&nbsp;&nbsp; Lars Granat and I'm today joined by Rune Spliid commercial&nbsp; director of RareWine Invest and Rune what can the&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers expect of this webinar? Lars, we're going&nbsp; to give a lot of insights about the given market&nbsp;&nbsp; situation and in general what we believe&nbsp; the future will look for a wine investment. So&nbsp;&nbsp; we will be focusing a lot under the&nbsp; umbrella of the RareWine Group, on RareWine&nbsp;&nbsp; Invest as you know it today. You know Nordic&nbsp; Freeport where your wines are, stored either in&nbsp;&nbsp; Denmark or in the UK, but here in the beginning&nbsp; I think it's actually extremely important from&nbsp;&nbsp; my point of view representing the blue part&nbsp; of the business to give some insights about&nbsp;&nbsp; what RareWine Trading is all about. RareWine Trading&nbsp; is a top three globally trusted supplier of&nbsp;&nbsp; fine wine and rare wine including spirits as&nbsp; well. We have been operating in that market in&nbsp;&nbsp; almost 20 years. Now, it is also in that department&nbsp; that involves our founder Rasmus Nielsen and our&nbsp;&nbsp; CEO, Mads Jensen, it is where they have their typical&nbsp; day-to-day operation, purchasing wine, selling&nbsp;&nbsp; wine, gathering a lot of knowledge. And the trading&nbsp; department is also the big wheel when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; business revenue in RareWine Group, representing close&nbsp; to 80 to 85% of the general revenue in the company.&nbsp;&nbsp; So from my side it was important that we had&nbsp; some insights about RareWine Trading. It is also&nbsp;&nbsp; a part of the company. If you want to have&nbsp; more insights about that given company within&nbsp;&nbsp; the RareWine Group, please reach out to your&nbsp; advisor. They will give you a lot of feedback on&nbsp;&nbsp; that one. Lars the agenda for today then... Yeah let's take a look at it. First of all you&nbsp;&nbsp; have already mentioned RareWine Trading and all&nbsp; the data we collect from RareWine Trading. We&nbsp;&nbsp; do use them to do our market analysis. For&nbsp; the first part of this webinar - which we have&nbsp;&nbsp; separated into two sections - for the first part&nbsp; I'll try to take you through the wine market as&nbsp;&nbsp; it is right now. And after that, we will go over to you&nbsp; Rune and go through some of the questions that&nbsp;&nbsp; we have collected from you investors before this&nbsp; webinar. And I also want to let you know that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can ask your questions during the webinar. You can&nbsp; do so by clicking the Q&A button and typing in your&nbsp;&nbsp; questions. Within the next 30 minutes, we'll try&nbsp; to cover as many of your questions as possible&nbsp;&nbsp; but of course we have reserved time for that in&nbsp; the end. If your questions are not covered tonight&nbsp;&nbsp; or this afternoon in the webinar, we will make&nbsp; sure that our team will reach out to answer your&nbsp;&nbsp; questions personally tomorrow. So we'll collect&nbsp; all questions and answer after the webinar&nbsp;&nbsp; First of all, we'll take a look at the the&nbsp; wine market right now. We'll take a look at&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on in the world situation with&nbsp; Trump, the tariffs, the currency fluctuations&nbsp;&nbsp; And what you, as investors, can expect. Also we'll&nbsp; try to come up with some guidelines on how to&nbsp;&nbsp; navigate this current market and then of course&nbsp; we will move over to the questions, but I think...&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's get started. Because, due to the geopolitical&nbsp; situation, we are seeing a lot of uncertainty in&nbsp;&nbsp; the market right now. There are also a lot&nbsp; of opportunities and this may be the time in&nbsp;&nbsp; history where opportunity and uncertainty go hand&nbsp; in hand, maybe now more than ever. So let's take a&nbsp;&nbsp; look at what we're up against. First of all, I would&nbsp; like to address the tariffs because that has been&nbsp;&nbsp; the talk of town for the past couple of months.&nbsp; And the tariffs, just to put it into perspective&nbsp;&nbsp; I've created a timeline here that goes through the&nbsp; tariffs that we have had recently. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is not something new. We have actually seen it all&nbsp; before, because the situation in 2019 was also that&nbsp;&nbsp; the Trump administration was in charge, and back&nbsp; then, in 2019, they employed a 25% tariff on certain&nbsp;&nbsp; wine types, among them most French wines, though&nbsp; Champagne was exempt. So was Italian wine. But&nbsp;&nbsp; Back then, the tariff was 25%, and it was more or&nbsp; less equally absorbed between the producers and&nbsp;&nbsp; the importers but also by the merchants and the&nbsp; consumers. That led to a slight price increase&nbsp;&nbsp; at the time. It was more expensive for an&nbsp; American buyer to buy a bottle of Burgundy wine.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moving forward a bit to 2021 when the Biden&nbsp; administration took over, they decided first to&nbsp;&nbsp; suspend the tariffs, and later the same year&nbsp; they actually cancelled the tariff, and so we were back&nbsp;&nbsp; at 0% tariff. That was good for the wine market.&nbsp; Things fluctuated in a positive way, the&nbsp;&nbsp; market was filled with activity, and we also had&nbsp; the pandemic at the time, which led to even more&nbsp;&nbsp; spending power in the market. So&nbsp; it was a good time for the the wine industry in&nbsp;&nbsp; general. Moving a bit further up the ladder here,&nbsp; up to November 2024 when Trump was&nbsp;&nbsp; elected for his second term as as the president.&nbsp; Back then in November, the first speculations&nbsp;&nbsp; started. Will we see another tariff? Maybe we will,&nbsp; maybe we won't. Nobody knew. Will it be 10%? Will&nbsp;&nbsp; it be 25%? People were starting to guess, and that&nbsp; also led American importers to buy up in European&nbsp;&nbsp; wines because they probably wanted to make a&nbsp; profit if there at some point would be tariffs.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that led to the warehouses, the storages, in the&nbsp; US is filled at the moment. And therefore we also&nbsp;&nbsp; see that American merchants are not at the&nbsp; moment searching for European wine as much as it&nbsp;&nbsp; did back in November. Due to the speculation in&nbsp; March this year we had maybe the worst crisis&nbsp;&nbsp; because speculation started that Trump would&nbsp; come up with a 200% tariff on all European wine&nbsp;&nbsp; and spirits. It was just threats at the time and&nbsp; it did not end up that way. Luckily, it didn't.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because a 200% tariff would be, yeah a massive&nbsp; thing in the wine industry and would suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce the trading activity for European&nbsp; wines in the US. But what we ended up having, was&nbsp;&nbsp; a 20% tariff, which was announced on "Liberation day", the&nbsp; 2nd of April 2025, and that was put together by&nbsp;&nbsp; two tariffs. First, a universal tariff of 10% and&nbsp; then another reciprocal tariff of 10% on European&nbsp;&nbsp; produced wine and spirits, and that added up, we ended&nbsp; up with the 20% that we had for a few days at&nbsp;&nbsp; least, because just a few days later, on April&nbsp; the 9th, the Trump administration suspended that&nbsp;&nbsp; 10% reciprocal tariff and led us down to&nbsp; where we are right now, we are on a 10% tariff&nbsp;&nbsp; on for wine produced in the European Union&nbsp; imported into the US. And what we are most likely&nbsp;&nbsp; going to see in a couple of months time is that&nbsp; the suspension ends, and the tariffs will be&nbsp;&nbsp; back to 20%. What can happen in the meantime&nbsp; is that diplomats do their work, and we will maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; end up with the 10%, maybe we'll end up without&nbsp; tariffs at all. Nobody knows for the time being.&nbsp;&nbsp; And therefore, still a lot of speculation is going on&nbsp; in the wine world and people have paused&nbsp;&nbsp; their buying up of wine, because they are&nbsp; playing the waiting game, waiting to see what is&nbsp;&nbsp; actually going to happen, and if they can benefit from&nbsp; it or can't benefit from it. So right now we do&nbsp;&nbsp; not know. The only thing that is for sure is that&nbsp; we right now have a 10% tariff, and furthermore what&nbsp;&nbsp; we're seeing in the global economy is that&nbsp; the Euro stands stronger than ever for the time&nbsp;&nbsp; being. In 2025, the Euro has outperformed other&nbsp; currencies. For instance the US Dollar and&nbsp;&nbsp; the Hong Kong Dollar have lost approximately&nbsp; 10% up against the Euro which is leading to&nbsp;&nbsp; wine produced in the European Union being sold&nbsp; in Europe are suddenly becoming more expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; for an American buyer, for a buyer from Hong&nbsp; Kong. And same thing, just to a slightly less extent,&nbsp;&nbsp; is seen with the Japanese Yen and the British&nbsp; Pound which has also depreciated up&nbsp;&nbsp; against the Euro, making it more expensive to buy&nbsp; wine produced in the European Union, and that in&nbsp;&nbsp; general is making sure that&nbsp; purchase power in the market is declining&nbsp;&nbsp; at the moment, due to the very strong Euro. And&nbsp; finally the last thing here on my slide is the&nbsp;&nbsp; the very uncertain situation that we're facing&nbsp; on a global level,&nbsp;&nbsp; because the uncertainty, the speculation about trade wars&nbsp; and the ongoing trade wars, the real wars we&nbsp;&nbsp; have in the Middle East, we have in Ukraine&nbsp; are making it much more difficult to navigate in&nbsp;&nbsp; the market. We don't see that just in the wine&nbsp; market. We see that in every market at the moment.&nbsp; Investors do not know what to do. You do not know&nbsp; whether to be exposed to the stock market or go&nbsp;&nbsp; in another direction. You don't know whether to go&nbsp; left or go right. And that is leading to&nbsp;&nbsp; both a hesitation, but also a very passive behavior.&nbsp; And all those things added up, means that right now&nbsp;&nbsp; the professional wine market is asking a higher&nbsp; risk premium because they do not know what will&nbsp;&nbsp; happen to the market on a short-term basis and&nbsp; therefore they avoid taking up large stock and&nbsp;&nbsp; therefore they will ask to buy at a lower price. So&nbsp; markets are under pressure due to all these things&nbsp;&nbsp; that we are seeing. Another thing worth addressing&nbsp; is the En Primeur, the En Primeur system which for&nbsp;&nbsp; ages has been the primary fine wine trading mechanism in the fine wine world. But the En Primeur lately have seen a lot of challenges.&nbsp;That is why we have referred to it as the Bordeaux Paradox&nbsp;&nbsp; and also why we have advised against investing in&nbsp; the Bordeaux En Primeur. What the case is here&nbsp;&nbsp; is that we have seen chateaus selling wine at&nbsp; the En Primeur to a higher price year after year after&nbsp;&nbsp; year. But at some point the prices have become too&nbsp; high, especially considering that the Bordeaux wines&nbsp;&nbsp; are not that much in demand as they were 50 years&nbsp; ago. So we are having an oversupply in the markets&nbsp;&nbsp; which is eroding the confidence&nbsp; in the market, which has led to overpricing. And&nbsp;&nbsp; to accommodate that, the En Primeur last year last&nbsp; term, the 2023 En Primeur, the producers tried&nbsp;&nbsp; to lower the prices with approximately 25 to&nbsp; 30% for some producers, which is a lot, and what&nbsp;&nbsp; we expect of the 2024 En Primeur which we going into&nbsp; in just a short period of time, well that is prices&nbsp;&nbsp; will be lowered once again. And if that happens&nbsp; which is the most likely scenario right now&nbsp;&nbsp; merchants and collectors who have invested in the&nbsp; recent Bordeaux campaigns may now be holding up&nbsp;&nbsp; stock that is suddenly overpriced relative to the&nbsp; newest release, that will result in a widespread&nbsp;&nbsp; devaluation of the En Primeur holdings. So&nbsp; it's not that secure a place to invest&nbsp;&nbsp; your money and that is why we at RareWine have&nbsp; invested in the or advised against investing in&nbsp;&nbsp; the Bordeaux En Primeur. Another thing, another&nbsp; trend that we have to address&nbsp;&nbsp; when speaking of the wine market, is the wide&nbsp; media speculation about; is consumption declining&nbsp;&nbsp; among the younger generations, and yes in fact it&nbsp; is. The younger generation, so-called generation&nbsp;&nbsp; Z, they do not drink as much wine&nbsp; as the generations before them. So it is correct&nbsp;&nbsp; that we see a consumption that is declining. But&nbsp; what Gen Z is preferring is actually premium&nbsp;&nbsp; wines. They're searching for wines of higher&nbsp; quality. They want quality over quantity &nbsp;&nbsp; So we are more, in the fine wine industry, talking&nbsp; about a 'premiumization' which is really good for&nbsp;&nbsp; the fine wine market, and it's also good for you&nbsp; as a wine investor because the younger generation&nbsp;&nbsp; the, gen Z, they are making conscious choices,&nbsp; they prefer wine that is being produced organic or&nbsp;&nbsp; biodnamic as we are seeing in Burgundy, seeing&nbsp; in Champagne and some parts of Italy as well. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that in general will lead to a search for for&nbsp; better wines and wines of a higher price which in&nbsp;&nbsp; this case is also the wines that are very suitable&nbsp; for investment purposes. Another mega trend that&nbsp;&nbsp; we are facing is shifting diets. We have&nbsp; seen that especially from the Gen Z again,&nbsp;&nbsp; they have health considerations&nbsp; they are having environmental concerns, they have&nbsp;&nbsp; ethics and all kinds of other things&nbsp; leading them to eat more plant-based and more&nbsp;&nbsp; organic diets, and by eating lighter diets, you&nbsp; will also need to consume wine that is lighter&nbsp;&nbsp; that is better for your diet. So the&nbsp; light wine types which are for instance the&nbsp;&nbsp; sparkling wines; it could be champagne, it could&nbsp; also be white wine in general; white burgundy&nbsp;&nbsp; It could also be the more light types of red wines,&nbsp; again for instance, elegant Burgundy wine. They&nbsp;&nbsp; will be preferred in the future more than the&nbsp; more heavier red wines that we saw in the past&nbsp;&nbsp; due to this mega trend of shifting diets. Moving&nbsp; from there to the climate change, which is also a&nbsp;&nbsp; topic in the wine world that we need to address. What we have seen in Burgundy most recently&nbsp;&nbsp; the harvest last year, Rune and me, we were there both&nbsp; of us discussing the harvest with the winemakers&nbsp;&nbsp; Some of the winemakers in Burgundy reported&nbsp; that their red wine harvest was reduced by up&nbsp;&nbsp; to almost 70% in some places, and speaking&nbsp; to the white wine producers we were talking&nbsp;&nbsp; harvest yields that were only half the size&nbsp; of a regular harvest, and that was 2024&nbsp;&nbsp; the most recent example. But we have seen the same&nbsp; pattern in 2021, in 2019, and in 2017 as well, we are&nbsp;&nbsp; experiencing the climate change is for real&nbsp; now, and it is becoming more and more difficult for&nbsp;&nbsp; a wine producer to predict the yields. The yields&nbsp; are more volatile, and that will lead to a reduced&nbsp;&nbsp; access to the most iconic wines as we have here on&nbsp; the slide. That combined with the demand will for&nbsp;&nbsp; sure drive prices up on a longer&nbsp;scale. And that's why we have mentioned the Ultra High Networth Individuals here because that&nbsp; segment or for sure one of the segments that buy&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of fine wine and especially some of the most&nbsp; expensive ones, and what is expected is that&nbsp;&nbsp; we will see a growth of around 30% of Ultra High&nbsp; Networth Individuals in the period from 2023 to 2028&nbsp;&nbsp; leading to more and more consumers or potential&nbsp; consumers coming into the market, whereas on the&nbsp;&nbsp; other side we have the declining harvest yields&nbsp; leading to an imbalance between supply and demand. And also worth remembering when discussing&nbsp; the wine market is the wine market actually&nbsp;&nbsp; has shown stability over the years. Here, I have&nbsp; collected data of 20 years both from the wine&nbsp;&nbsp; market but also from other assets just for the&nbsp; comparation. But 2025 has been a difficult year,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter where you invest in the stock market,&nbsp; in equity, and no matter what you invest in&nbsp;&nbsp; so 2025 is not included in this slide, but&nbsp; up until 2025 we have 20 years of data showing&nbsp;&nbsp; that Burgundy wine for instance is up by 9.7%&nbsp; per year, Champagne is up by 8.5% per year over&nbsp;&nbsp; the period of 20 years time. So historically wine&nbsp; as a physical asset has shown a lot of stability&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is of course also the potential that we&nbsp; still believe in. That was some historic data points&nbsp;&nbsp; But we also have to discuss selling wines, and how&nbsp; it is to sell wine in a market like we have today?&nbsp;&nbsp; Definitely, and I think the most important part&nbsp; here is to give some kind of overview to say that&nbsp;&nbsp; we are still selling a lot of wines every day.&nbsp; the positions that we sold and the numbers that&nbsp;&nbsp; you see on the on the screen now is of course&nbsp; the realized returns, the sold positions and&nbsp;&nbsp; the holding period. A holding period being around&nbsp; three and a half year - that is actually quite far&nbsp;&nbsp; from our recommendations with somewhere between&nbsp; 8 to 10 years with a wine investment. &nbsp;&nbsp; Also, I think it's very important to understand what is actually the market we are talking&nbsp;&nbsp; so much about the market, but who is actually&nbsp; the buyers in this market. It will be in one&nbsp;&nbsp; category other investors coming into the into&nbsp; the company or a company like us, some of our&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors that drives a wine investment business.&nbsp; But the other side of the road is the professional&nbsp;&nbsp; market, as what I mentioned before, the trading&nbsp; market, Those two main things are where&nbsp;&nbsp; we, when we sell wines, are the markets with either&nbsp; selling to investors within our company or others&nbsp;&nbsp; or to a professional market taking care of our&nbsp; trading company. So that is, Lars, the main reason&nbsp;&nbsp; when we do sales. It is through those two channels.&nbsp; Absolutely. And just to sum up the situation in the&nbsp;&nbsp; wine markets for the time being and why the wine&nbsp; market is under pressure right now; As we have&nbsp;&nbsp; already discussed we have the global uncertainty&nbsp; which lead to a temporary lack of purchasing&nbsp;&nbsp; power in the markets. We are seeing not as many&nbsp; people being interested in being wine investors&nbsp;&nbsp; or collectors, they are not spending as much money&nbsp; as they did in the past. They are holding back. They&nbsp;&nbsp; are playing the waiting game as we discussed. And&nbsp; on the other side, we have the Gen Z&nbsp;&nbsp; who prefers quality or quantity. We have the&nbsp; UHNWIs growing with a 30%&nbsp;&nbsp; in five years time. And we have an asset that has&nbsp; shown historical stability, a physical asset that&nbsp;&nbsp; has a lower limit. There's a lower limit for how&nbsp; cheap a wine can be before collectors start to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy-up. So those are the main patterns in the wine&nbsp; market,s and that is why we sometime address the&nbsp;&nbsp; market right now as being a bias market because&nbsp; we have a temporary lack of purchase power. But&nbsp;&nbsp; for you as an investor, playing the "patience game"&nbsp; is absolutely vital in these months&nbsp;&nbsp; because the sales process will be prolonged due&nbsp; to all these things going on in the market. So&nbsp;&nbsp; staying true to your original strategy of&nbsp; a longer investment horizon is absolutely vital.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cool. From there, I think we should move over to&nbsp; section two of this webinar. It's all the questions&nbsp;&nbsp; Rune, and we have collected a lot of questions on&nbsp; behalf of the investors in the past months. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; investors from more than 45 countries.&nbsp; We have, I think, almost 3,000 investors. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there are different questions here coming from&nbsp; different kind of markets, but I will try to&nbsp;&nbsp; give you one question at a time.&nbsp; And this is also a good time for you who are&nbsp;&nbsp; watching this webinar to type in your questions.&nbsp; You can do so by hitting the 'Q&A button' and&nbsp;&nbsp; type in your questions and by the&nbsp; end of the webinar I'll try to ask some of&nbsp;&nbsp; those questions to Rune. Again, as I said in&nbsp; the intro, that there might be some questions that&nbsp;&nbsp; we do not have time to answer during the webinar.&nbsp; We'll make sure to follow up on those and make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you get your answers by tomorrow. Are you&nbsp; ready Rune? I'm ready, I hope that I'm ready.... &nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sure you are. Let's go for it. - Yes. - Well, the&nbsp; first question and a question we have got&nbsp;&nbsp; various of times. Can I still trust wine as an&nbsp; asset class? The quick and the right&nbsp;&nbsp; answer to that one will definitely be yes! I&nbsp; believe that if you look at it from a historical&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective, then you will look back at &nbsp; where we stand right now in a time of crisis.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that everybody can agree that we can&nbsp; define it like that. If we go back to 2008, if we&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to Covid, there we saw the same mechanism,&nbsp; that the market was down for some months and what&nbsp;&nbsp; we have seen in this case here is just that the&nbsp; period has been longer than we ever could imagine.&nbsp;&nbsp; So therefore I believe that there are of course&nbsp; obstacles in the given market as we see it&nbsp;&nbsp; today. but also why you should still trust wine&nbsp; as an asset class, is that if you believe that the&nbsp;&nbsp; number of UHNQIs will&nbsp; keep having the curiosity and the interest of fine&nbsp;&nbsp; and rare wine, I believe that wine definitely has&nbsp; it's space in a portfolio&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course, it is extremely important that&nbsp; you stay true to your strategy and the things that&nbsp;&nbsp; we recommend that you have a long horizon&nbsp; in is given the time. - Thank you. I'll try&nbsp;&nbsp; to move on to another question that we've had&nbsp; quite often. Are you still able to sell my wines&nbsp;&nbsp; and how long time will it take? - That is actually&nbsp; two questions. - Indeed it is. - I think maybe that&nbsp;&nbsp; sums up Lars, when people are going to do&nbsp; a divestment of either the whole portfolio or&nbsp;&nbsp; parts of the portfolio, maybe we should take those&nbsp; steps and what we see, and maybe as you as&nbsp;&nbsp; investors and others who come in the future have&nbsp; a clear mindset about; what is actually happening...&nbsp;&nbsp; We need of course to take a valuation of&nbsp; the given wines and we do that by looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; of course 'MyRareWineInvest' to see what is the&nbsp; current valuation of your portfolio, but like every&nbsp;&nbsp; other commodities such as real estate, cars or&nbsp; others like that, we need to find the&nbsp;&nbsp; price today. And there we go out in the open market,&nbsp; if the valuation on those average are 100 based on&nbsp;&nbsp; third-party data like Livex, Wine-Searcher and other&nbsp; channels. Then we use that data to go out and see&nbsp;&nbsp; how can we make this wine here attractive for a&nbsp; buyer, either a new investor coming in, or in the&nbsp;&nbsp; professional B2B market. There we are searching&nbsp; and the key here is that timing is everything.&nbsp;&nbsp; So if you put something up for sales together&nbsp; with a lot of others, of course it will have an impact&nbsp;&nbsp; and it will take more time than what we saw &nbsp; some years back. But I also believe that when you&nbsp;&nbsp; go out to an active market - a market where there is&nbsp; limited availability on these given wines - you&nbsp;&nbsp; will definitely sell higher. So again, having a long&nbsp; horizon here is key to the two questions.&nbsp;&nbsp; - Absolutely. Moving on to the next question: How do&nbsp; you manage exit-timing in a slow market? Yes good&nbsp;&nbsp; question. I think that, if we take a slow market&nbsp; then we also need to reflect about how was it in&nbsp;&nbsp; other times. And if you go back to 2021 or 2022&nbsp; what we saw there was a very consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; and very attractive market where we could expect&nbsp; a selling time somewhere between 1 to 4 months.&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of people were coming in through channels,&nbsp; new investors were brought into RareWine and our&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors in the market, the professional&nbsp; market was overwhelming with people wanting&nbsp;&nbsp; these different wines. So in that period., I would&nbsp; say between 1 to 4 months. Then the war&nbsp;&nbsp; between Russia and Ukraine started, &nbsp; we were expecting a similar situation that when&nbsp;&nbsp; we're looking at Covid, when we're looking at 2008&nbsp; and maybe the time was increased with maybe &nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere between four to six months. Then we're&nbsp; looking at today, and coming back to the key. &nbsp;&nbsp; We need buyers. So even though that, if the market&nbsp; is fast, if the market is slow, then we need a buyer&nbsp;&nbsp; out there. We are not in the same categories as&nbsp; the stockmarket where you put something up for&nbsp;&nbsp; sale then the next day you have the money. We need,&nbsp; like real estate, to find a buyer. And if there is&nbsp;&nbsp; a lack of liquidity and not many making their&nbsp; investments through wines, then the buyer segment&nbsp;&nbsp; is lower. So from where I'm standing today and&nbsp; if I should put an estimate on how much time&nbsp;&nbsp; will it take, some positions within months, others&nbsp; could take a very long time to find the&nbsp;&nbsp; right buyers and that is what we experience right&nbsp; now. Thank you Rune. Next question; Why should&nbsp;&nbsp; I still buy when I have had a portfolio for years&nbsp; and with your commission I am still losing money?&nbsp;&nbsp; - A good one. - Definitely. You should keep buying&nbsp; wines if you, like me, believe in the product&nbsp;&nbsp; and are convinced that there will be an imbalance&nbsp; between supply and demand again. We are back at the&nbsp;&nbsp; Ultra High Networth Individuals. We are back in the&nbsp; imbalance between supply and demand. But of course&nbsp;&nbsp; I understand investors coming in in 2022 that&nbsp; has maybe bought at the top at that given time&nbsp;&nbsp; and here in the last 2 and a half years haven't&nbsp; seen any possible gain on their portfolio. Maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; it is stabilized at a stable zero return or it&nbsp; is down. With that I would say go back have&nbsp;&nbsp; the conversation with your advisor, let them know&nbsp; that where are you maybe nervous, how do you see it&nbsp;&nbsp; but also be aware that if you're selling now, and&nbsp; now I just want to get out of this here, then&nbsp;&nbsp; you're looking into a market that is extremely&nbsp; difficult and again with time and horizon what&nbsp;&nbsp; we have seen with this product here is that the&nbsp; time will be back. - Thank you. Next one: I think&nbsp;&nbsp; the Burgundy Bubble has burst. Will it ever come&nbsp; back and when? - Yes, and then the second question I&nbsp;&nbsp; will come back to. Again if you do a comparison I&nbsp; think is it to use the word "bubble"? Do I believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that Patek Philippe in watches, a commodity where&nbsp; you invest in a watch, will that come back? And&nbsp;&nbsp; will you have a higher gain on your watches, cars,&nbsp; etc. in the future? Yes. As an alternative investment&nbsp;&nbsp; of course Burgundy will come back. From my&nbsp; point of view, Burgundy is the same as you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see with the highend watches and those&nbsp; watches that everybody wants. That is the same with&nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy and the top Bordeaux wines and of course&nbsp; also the Champagnes that we do recommendations of. &nbsp;&nbsp; But in general to ask about the Burgundy, &nbsp; will it come back? Definitely! - Thank you, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; next one I have here: Which specific wines have&nbsp; been most affected? That's very specific. Yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; let's stay in Burgundy and then let's take the&nbsp; unicorn positions. Of course those are the ones&nbsp;&nbsp; that dropped the most. Then I would like to go back&nbsp; to the Ultra High Networth Individuals and that&nbsp;&nbsp; slide that Lars showed earlier on there.&nbsp; We were looking at North America, Asia, Europe as&nbsp;&nbsp; the top of the markets where Ultra High&nbsp; Networth Individuals will be in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp; If we then say that North America and Asia&nbsp; has been struggling a lot here, and those are &nbsp;&nbsp; typically the the countries where the highest&nbsp; demand of these given bottles are, then definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; the top Burgundy DRC, Leroy, etc. has been hit hard.&nbsp; But it would also be the ones that bounce back&nbsp;&nbsp; the fastest. We are still seeing trades in our&nbsp; trading department. There is still a high demand&nbsp;&nbsp; for these unicorn wines. It could also be Arnoux-Lachaux&nbsp; that was a rising star in Burgundy, took an amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; journey, and now there is no interested from&nbsp; from Asia, more specific China regarding Arnoux-Lachaux. &nbsp;&nbsp; Of course the demand has then dropped a bit. If&nbsp; we look at Champagne, I think that the reason&nbsp;&nbsp; why, and what have surprised us also, is that the&nbsp; producers have done so many releases here&nbsp;&nbsp; over time. Taking Dom Perignon for example; 2012, 2013 and&nbsp; latest 2015 is out there. But then again, if you&nbsp;&nbsp; look at the vintage and coming back to say: what&nbsp; can these do? Then take 2008, when we were starting&nbsp;&nbsp; to selling those back in, I believe it was 2019,&nbsp; to a price around €130 per bottle that&nbsp;&nbsp; increased to €240 and now has a price&nbsp; around €190, actually giving us the&nbsp;&nbsp; estimate about a five to six year horizon with&nbsp; a gain that match the criteria of what our recommendations are, and with that&nbsp; I can definitely say of course we believe in&nbsp;&nbsp; unicorn Burgundy, of course we also see the&nbsp; strongest vintages in Champagne and the&nbsp;&nbsp; top producers will definitely come back. But&nbsp; those are the ones that has been affected the&nbsp;most. - Thank you. The next question I have here: Can&nbsp; you really call wine a low-risk investment? I am&nbsp;&nbsp; losing money. That's a good one too. Yeah, wine&nbsp; is not without risk like any other asset class.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, I find wine as a physical asset, that the&nbsp; history shows has lower volatility than&nbsp;&nbsp; what you see in other asset classes. Some&nbsp; months ago Lars, I had a lot and my team had a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of conversations with investors saying that&nbsp; their stock portfolio was outperforming wine&nbsp;&nbsp; And I could say that with my own stocks that&nbsp; was also the case that I was looking into, but I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not having that much of those conversation here&nbsp; and now. So I think in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you stay true to a long-term horizon on your&nbsp; investment, the selection of the right producers,&nbsp;&nbsp; the right vintages, then you will see that in the&nbsp; future it will be low-risk and it will be with a&nbsp;&nbsp; good and promising capital gain&nbsp;on the positions. - Moving on to the next question. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; a long one: Are wine investment returns still&nbsp; decorrelated enough from traditional markets to&nbsp;&nbsp; justify their role in a diversified portfolio? Yeah&nbsp; the majority of our investor base is&nbsp;&nbsp; still seeing very strong returns and portfolio&nbsp; performance. Over time, we have demonstrated that&nbsp;&nbsp; these type of investments absolutely has its&nbsp; place in a diverse portfolio. Burgundy is still&nbsp;&nbsp; the main driver here, together with Champagne. It is&nbsp; in a Burgundy-perspective the microproduction&nbsp;&nbsp; that is key, and as what I have mentioned&nbsp; before we are still seeing a lot of activities&nbsp;&nbsp; in the trading department, now I'm mentioning&nbsp; the trading department, also we have&nbsp;&nbsp; wines moved into other investments that&nbsp;investors that are focusing on,&nbsp;&nbsp; that there is a lot of options, but in general so uh my question is yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely. - Definitely. Cool. We're approaching&nbsp; the end of the webinar. I think we'll have this&nbsp;&nbsp; question and then two more from the live&nbsp; section of questions. It's a really good one&nbsp;&nbsp; I wish I knew the answer to that one but&nbsp; maybe you do Rune: When will the market rebound? While the exact timing is uncertain&nbsp; recent signs... with a patient investor&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe that we will see light and&nbsp; stabilization faster than expected. I believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that before the Trump administration&nbsp; went into all those topics that you mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; there were starting to be more and more&nbsp; lights in the trading department, and in&nbsp;&nbsp; the trading department is again where it all starts, where we we can see the mechanism in the market, more requests&nbsp; coming in from countries that have maybe been&nbsp;&nbsp; low performing in some time, but&nbsp; in general, I believe that there will be light&nbsp;&nbsp; faster than what we expect. That said last&nbsp; I can also only say that there will be some tough&nbsp;&nbsp; sales here in in the coming period. So maybe some&nbsp; of you have your portfolio up for sale now, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; others are considering putting it up for sale. It&nbsp; is a slow market, but of course there is a market.&nbsp;&nbsp; There will be tough times in the&nbsp; selling period here when we look into&nbsp;&nbsp; the coming month. Patience is key again. - Yeah&nbsp; definitely. Absolutely. Cool, now I'll try to &nbsp;&nbsp; find some of the live questions if I can - Yeah&nbsp; while you're doing that Lars I can&nbsp;&nbsp; make a recommendation that you go into&nbsp; 'MyRareWineInvest' and Lars and his team are&nbsp;&nbsp; giving a lot of feedback, a lot of insights&nbsp; about how the market is reacting. You can follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those news and then you can see and read all&nbsp; other steps regarding market insights and what&nbsp;&nbsp; we believe in the given market. Cool Rune,&nbsp; I have a question here from a person called Carsten.&nbsp;&nbsp; And Carsten is asking about: How does RareWine look&nbsp; at Italian wine? - Yeah good question.&nbsp;&nbsp; I can talk directly to you now, Carsten, the&nbsp; thing is that, and for others also, I believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that Italian wines has been more stable in time&nbsp; of crisis but it also come with our recommendation&nbsp;&nbsp; is that in the long run Italian wines will&nbsp; develop. We have seen it with Sassicaia. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; seen it with other Italian wines as well. The top&nbsp; Tuscanies, the Barolos they will develop extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; promising over time. I don't think that there&nbsp; have been so many hard hits on Italian wines that&nbsp;&nbsp; we have seen with Burgundy and Champagnes.&nbsp; So my general opinion is that Italian wine will&nbsp;&nbsp; stay more stable in the regions that we operate&nbsp; with; Tuscany and Barolo etc. In general that&nbsp;&nbsp; is what I see with with the Italian wines.&nbsp; It's also leads to the category of 'Rest of the World',&nbsp;&nbsp; if we divide that into, maybe, US wines, I think&nbsp; that the coming months will decide where that will&nbsp;end.&nbsp; So I think we will wait and see how that&nbsp; one will develop. I'm quite sure that '100 Acre'&nbsp;&nbsp; 'Screaming Eagle' etc. 'Screaming Eagle' has taken&nbsp; a hard hit just as the top Burgundy as well. &nbsp;&nbsp; In general, these American wines will stay in the&nbsp; same category as what I believe the Italian wine&nbsp;&nbsp; will do, and then we have our spirits that&nbsp; is with a little bit more&nbsp;volatility,&nbsp; And maybe in a category that is&nbsp; similar to Champagne. - And if I can add to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Italian wines, what our data shows is that during&nbsp; The Financial Crisis back in 2008, '09, '10, Italian wine&nbsp;&nbsp; was probably the most stable asset that we&nbsp; had in the wine industry. And I think the same&nbsp;&nbsp; can be said now that Italian wine these days are&nbsp; proving to be the most stable asset in the&nbsp;&nbsp; wine industry. And maybe also, we have the &nbsp; room for the best gains there because Italian&nbsp;&nbsp; wine is not priced as high as many of the&nbsp; other asset classes that we are discussing here.&nbsp;&nbsp; Out of respect for time, I'll pick one question&nbsp; more, dragging a bit around here; Anna-Maria&nbsp;&nbsp; is asking, Anna Maria maybe, do you believe&nbsp; we have seen the worst, or are we still in the storm?&nbsp;&nbsp; - I hope so. - Yeah me too. That will be&nbsp; the the quick answer to that one.&nbsp;&nbsp; I strongly believe that we have seen the&nbsp; worst. I think, in general, when we're looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; the market, taking into perspective we have&nbsp; seen a war in Europe, we have seen the Asian&nbsp;&nbsp; market with real estate, a trade war between the&nbsp; US and the rest of the world, I hope that all&nbsp;&nbsp; those categories, uh Middle East, I think in general&nbsp; what we can see over the last two and a half years&nbsp;&nbsp; it has been quite crazy from a general&nbsp; perspective. So I hope that what we will see&nbsp;&nbsp; here in the future is more lights and hopefully&nbsp; we will start to see more activities coming in&nbsp;&nbsp; all categories. But that is my general&nbsp; opinion, that yes, I do believe that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have seen the worst period of this given&nbsp; time. - Thank you. Out of respect for time, we are now&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching 40 minutes, which is a little bit&nbsp; more than we promised Rune, - Yeah. - I hope that there&nbsp;&nbsp; are still some viewers out there but from here&nbsp; I would like to thank you all for taking the time&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch this webinar and please give us&nbsp; your feedback. You're very welcome to reach out to&nbsp;&nbsp; me or to anyone from your team. - Yeah. - Because the&nbsp; team is here for you. I know you're&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to take questions, also in the coming days.&nbsp; I will be ready as always, on the phone and on&nbsp;&nbsp; email if anybody has a question, or maybe we&nbsp; didn't come through the questions that you&nbsp;&nbsp; have been hoping for then please reach out, but all&nbsp; these amazing people here are also waiting at the&nbsp;&nbsp; the laptop and the phone to answer questions&nbsp; regarding the market. I would say that it is&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely important for us to be transparent, to&nbsp; give as much insight about this given market here&nbsp;&nbsp; as possible. So therefore, call your advisor&nbsp; book a meeting, have the conversation about maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole portfolio, maybe some positions maybe you&nbsp; have had a huge drop on, one position - maybe it has&nbsp;&nbsp; gained a lot so should we sell it? And I think&nbsp; and I hope that after this hear you know that my&nbsp;&nbsp; question to that will be in both cases right now;&nbsp; No wait! But in general, reach out they&nbsp;&nbsp; will be ready and we are expecting hopefully a&nbsp; lot of calls here in the in the coming period.&nbsp;&nbsp; - Well thank you all for watching the webinar and&nbsp; if you're hungry for more, I recommend that you&nbsp;&nbsp; go to rarewineinvest.com for more information&nbsp; analysis and investment tips. Bye-bye. - Bye.

- What Are the Latest Trends in the Wine Industry for 2023? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en What are the latest trends in the wine industry for 2023? In 2023, the wine industry is buzzing with exciting trends that reflected what consumers want today. Let's take a closer look at what's shaping this vibrant market. First off, sustainability is at the forefront. More and more wine lovers are seeking out organic and biodnamic wines. They prefer wineries that use fewer pesticides and recycle water. Vegan wines are also on the rise as they avoid animal products in the production process. Packaging is changing too with lighter glass bottles, cans, and even paperbased bottles becoming popular. This shift helps reduce waste and carbon footprints. Next, convenience is key. Smaller bottles, cans, and boxed wines are gaining traction. These options allow consumers to try different wines without committing to a full bottle. They are perfect for those on the go or for casual gatherings. Younger drinkers in particular appreciate these flexible formats. New world wines are also making waves. Wines from regions like the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa are attracting attention, especially among those new to wine. These wines often have clear labels in English, making it easier for consumers to find their favorites. They tend to be more affordable and approachable than traditional oldw world wines. The rise of e-commerce is another significant trend. The pandemic pushed many consumers to buy wine online, and this trend continues. Digital platforms are now a major sales channel, allowing wineries to reach more people. Home delivery and virtual tastings are now common, making wine shopping easier than ever. Sparkling wines are enjoying a surge in popularity as well. Drinks like procco and champagne are no longer just for special occasions. Many people are enjoying them at home, especially younger consumers who see them as a fun everyday option. Demographic shifts are also influencing the market. While older generations still buy premium wines, younger consumers like millennials and generation Z are looking for value and sustainability. They are eager to try unique grape varieties and support brands that practice ethical production. On the production side, vineyard areas are slightly decreasing, particularly in the European Union. Countries like Spain and France are reducing their vineyard hectars. Wine production volumes have also dropped in 2023 due to climate factors and market dynamics. Lastly, wineries are engaging more with their communities. Many are partnering with local environmental groups to show their commitment to responsible practices. This not only helps the environment but also builds a positive brand image for wine producers in 2023. Focusing on sustainable practices, innovating packaging, expanding online sales, and appealing to younger consumers are all smart strategies. These trends are helping wineries adapt and thrive in a changing market. [Music]

- The Sommelier's Secret  Decoding the Investment Value of Rare Wine: Kind: captions Language: en Take a moment and pour yourself a glass of wine. What you hold in your hand is a beverage meant for enjoyment, for a quiet evening, a celebration, or a dinner party. Yet for a select few, that same liquid in a different bottle is not a drink, but a high-performing tangible asset. A centuries old commodity now traded in a digital marketplace. We are talking about the secret world of fine wine investment where a single corkked bottle can be worth more than your car, your annual salary, or even your house. This is not about the latest Cabernet you picked up at the store. This is about a highly specialized asset class where scarcity, reputation, and immaculate history converge to create astonishing value. Today, we're decoding the sumeier's secret. What transforms simple fermented grape juice into a multi-million dollar investment? and how this liquid asset class is defying conventional finance. The engine of value, rarity, ageability, and provenence. What separates a $1,000 bottle from a $20 bottle? The answer is simple in theory, complex in execution. Longevity, scarcity, and providence. First, a wine must have the structure to age. Investment grade wines, the creme de la creme of the global market, are built to improve for decades. This means high levels of acidity, balanced tannins, and concentrated fruit designed to soften and harmonize over time. As the wine ages, it enhances its complexity, flavor, and quality, becoming more desirable. Crucially, as the quality improves, the supply diminishes.3. Every time a bottle is consumed, the remaining stock becomes instantly rarer. This creates the classic supply and demand dynamic that drives prices higher. The more coveted and scarcer the bottle, the higher the value it commands on the secondary market. Four, the vast majority of the world's wine is not made for this. Less than 1% of global production qualifies as true investment grade wine. Five. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, there is provenence. Provenence is the documented history of the bottle. Who owned it, where it was stored, and how it was transferred. Six. In a market plagued by sophisticated fraud like the notorious case of Rudy Kernan, Providence is the assurance of authenticity. A bottle with an impeccable paper trail verified by a reputable auction house or storage facility can be worth dramatically more than an identical bottle with an undocumented or questionable past. Seven, this focus on verifiable history ensures that you are buying the legend, not the lie. The Somier's secrets decoding the investment mechanics. Investing in wine works differently than stocks or real estate. It operates largely through two core mechanisms. The entreur system and the secondary market tracked by sophisticated indices. The entreur or wine futures or market is dominated by Bordeaux. Investors purchase wine while it is still in the barrel, often 18 to 24 months before it is bottled and physically released. They receive a certificate of ownership, paying a discounted price in anticipation of the wine's quality and its future scarcity. This system allows merchants to finance the vintage and allows investors to secure bottles from highly sought-after producers before they hit the general market, maximizing their potential profit margin. Once released, bottles enter the secondary market where they are traded between collectors, brokers, and investment platforms. 10. This market is benchmarked by the LiveX London International Ventner Exchange indices such as the Livx 100 or the LiveX 1000.11. These indices track the price performance of the most traded wines, providing transparency and data that was once reserved only for the elite few. 12. This data confirms that fine wine is not merely a hobby. It is a measurable asset class that over the long term has historically offered returns competitive with traditional equities all while acting as a hedge against inflation and broader economic downturns. The trading volume and price movements on the secondary market are what truly determine the investment value of any rare wine. The blue chips regions and producers that command value. The vast majority of investment grade wine originates from a handful of prestigious old world regions. Though the market is steadily diversifying. 13. These are the blue chip names that anchor any serious wine portfolio. Bordeaux remains the cornerstone. 14. The five first growths. Premier Crew Class A Chateau Lafit Rothchild, Chateau Lur, Chateau Muton Rothchild, Chateau Margo, and Chateau Hobo Brion are the equivalent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Their track record for quality and longevity in exceptional vintages like 1982, 2000, 2005, and 2009 is unmatched, making them essential reliable investments. Burgundy represents the ultimate expression of scarcity. 15. Due to the fractured ownership of tiny vineyard plots, climate producers like Domain Dea Roman Conti, DRC, Domain Laroy, and Armon Rouso produce minuscule quantities of GR crew wines. When these bottles hit the market, particularly from celebrated vintages, their rarity ensures prices soar, making Burgundy the sector most prone to astronomical returns. 16. The high demand and microscopic supply mean Burgundy prices are often the most volatile, but also the most potentially rewarding. Beyond France, key players include the super tuscans from Italy, such as Sasakaya and Medo, which blend traditional Italian wine- making with French varietals to create internationally acclaimed ageworthy wines. 17 prestige couet champagne led by brands like Dome Perinon and Louis Ruter's Cristal has also solidified its position offering stable returns and a high degree of liquidity. Finally, a small but powerful contingent of Cult Nappa Cabernet, Screaming Eagle, Harland Estate and Scarecrow have established a robust secondary market driven by intense US collector demand and exceptionally low production. These global names are the foundation upon which a fine wine portfolio is built. The crucial role of condition protecting your liquid gold. For a wine to maintain its value, it must be stored in near-perfect conditions. 18. This is where the concept of storing in bond becomes paramount. Storing wine in bond means placing it in a professionally managed temperature and humidity controlled warehouse typically in the UK that has been approved by customs and excise 19. This professional storage protects the wine from the four great enemies heat, light, vibration and temperature fluctuation.20 20 optimal conditions are a steady temperature of around 55° F, 13° C, and 70 to 80% humidity. 21 improper storage, even for a short time, can damage the wine, leading to poor fill levels or cork failure, drastically reducing its value 22. Beyond preservation, in bond, storage provides critical financial benefits. 23 wine stored this way remains exempt from local value added tax and duty.24. When the investor sells the wine, it can be transferred still in bond to another investor or merchant without ever incurring these taxes, making the asset much more attractive and liquid on the international market. 25. For an investor, the paper trail generated by professional bonded storage is the ultimate proof of providence. 26. No serious buyer will touch a wine that has been stored in a private home seller or worse, an unverified location, regardless of the label. Investing in wine means investing in its vault. The risks and rewards of the fine print. As with any asset class, wine investment carries unique risks alongside its substantial rewards. 27. On the risk side, wine is fundamentally a collectible, not a company, and it does not pay dividends. 28. It also carries high associated costs. Professional storage fees, insurance, and brokerage commissions for buying and selling can erode returns if not accounted for. 29. Furthermore, while fine wine is less volatile than many equities, it is an illquid asset. It may take weeks or months to find the right buyer, especially during market downturns. 30. The biggest non-financial risk remains fraud and poor provenence, underscoring the necessity of purchasing only through reputable brokers or auction houses. 31. The rewards, however, are compelling. Wine offers a crucial diversification benefit, often performing independently of the broader stock market, thereby hedging risk. 32. It is a tangible asset that can be used to pass wealth through generations. And unlike stocks, a case of first growth bordeaux from an exceptional vintage is a finite diminishing resource, a true store of wealth. 33. For many, the reward is also emotional. Owning a piece of history, an exquisite work of art that can be opened and enjoyed at its peak maturity. Conclusion: The new portfolio of passion. The investment world has changed. The sumeier secret that the world's finest wines are a stable, high-erforming asset is now out. The modern rare wine market is a fascinating blend of old world tradition and new world technology, leveraging digital indices and bonded warehouses to trade a perishable luxury good. It is a sector where passion meets profit and where the decisions of a few hundred producers in France, Italy, and California determine the value of a global commodity. To invest in rare wine is to invest in patience, history, and the beautiful certainty of finite supply. If this deep dive into the paradoxical world of wine investment captured your imagination, be sure to give this video a like, share this video with a fellow collector or investor, and most importantly, subscribe to our channel for more fascinating looks into the intersection of finance and luxury.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beyou-c5h: Very informative, let's go
  2. @muhiireify: Wow, insightful!

- The Extraordinary Wine Cellar of Dr Allard Botenga | Christie's inc: Kind: captions Language: en this is very rare this is the rarest vintage I started with that's 47 Leo Vasca the start of my passion of wine for my 90th birthday we will open it as a great treat I'm a wine collector for 6 years I built up my colle ction bottle by bottle I tasted every bottle all right that's the most important thing when you start collecting wines it's still there in 1956 was a member of the direction of the UT student C Society my friend would like to drink the leoas scar of 47 we were not able to find it in the Netherlands he found it in France a full case we have to taste every bottle that was really the moment I started going very deep in wine the first possibilities for me to start really building up my collection were in the late 60s it went from 10 bottles to my maximum 55,000 I started in Muro and uh afterwards burgundy and afterwards Germany by tasting with the owners in burgundy I uh built up my collection with the better years this is a very rare bottle probably the most sought after bottle in the world it was that anyway it's a 45 mud Ro child which is still very very drinkable this was my finest bottle ever at that time 60 P still rare Mor 55 this is a surprise P bar 61 still excellent when my oldest friend opened a bottle of pal 61 and that scent filled the whole room I said well this is one of the best moments in my life that was the great start in collecting 61 everyone can become a great wine lover starting with simple wines building up the capacity to see the difference in taste difference in smell in the end it's all emotion a de moment you're ripe for it your senses are open wine which can do that is rare it's good to know these wies will be going to Great collectors and everybody that leaves my cell is a part of my my [Music] heart

  Top Comments:
  1. @chiletheblock [101 likes]: at his age I'd be blasting a bottle a day and enjoy the fruits of my labor. Maybe even two bottles lol
  2. @azdrifter3968 [32 likes]: As teenagers, my parents moved us out to a subdivision in the woods 12 miles outside of a small town. It was very boring, so my dad bought a 3 wheeler off a guy for my brother and I to ride around. We found there was more than a few old, abandoned properties scattered around in the woods. We would ride around looking for them to explore. We found a little cabin pretty far out that was like a time capsule from the 1980's. You could tell the owners were elderly from some of the things we found in there. There was a wine rack in the kitchen with 3 bottles of unopened wine in it. This was a score for us because we were bored and wanted to do some partying. We took them and drank them over the next few days in a travel trailer we hung out in on our property. We put the empty bottles on a shelf as a souvenir. Our mom sees them one day, and we told her we found them empty on an old property. She says it's too bad they were empty or they would be worth some money. We asked why, and she points to the 1940 date on the label of every bottle and says they're old, so their worth money. We thought that was the date the wine company was established, which is what we told her. She said it was the date the wine was made. Just for fun, she looked it up, and every bottle was worth between $800-$1300 full. She said it must have been a wine collector's cabin. She goes back in the house, and my brother and I looked at each other, shaking our heads in disbelief. 
We still talk about that.
  3. @Evgeny-xl6ss [24 likes]: First part of his collection just has been sold for more than $5m in Hong Kong
  4. @jamesfraser2448 [10 likes]: Thanks for the tour, the education, and a glimpse into a life well- lived.
  5. @braciole7667 [6 likes]: To each his own. You call it collecting, but I call it hoarding at these quantities for those lengths of time. The time to "drink and be merry" is now.  Tomorrow is not promised.
  6. @chaoticpanda-bb9bx [5 likes]: I would do the same because there are some fantastic du papes, however I’m an alcoholic so I have a watch collection instead.
  7. @DriverDude100 [4 likes]: He seems sophisticated, but imagine the regret of not splurging on fresh wine.  No more of that old stuff.  Wine from this year!
  8. @Ask_lu [3 likes]: What an amazing cellar. It’s worth millions yet it maintains its character.
  9. @stevenvancanverberghe9116 [3 likes]: Wonderful! Passionate man and great wines...funny note, at 2min37sec I see two bottles of Château de la Commanderie, Lalande Pomerol 1967. This wine is often dismissed as wine for wine connoisseurs who don't actually know anything about wine. In our parts, a common wine in ordinary restaurants or bistros. Many regard the wine as a Pomerol since it has the word Pomerol on it but it remains a Lalande Pomerol that is beautifully made in its own style and often underappreciated. Not a biggie but value for money if the wine list is limited. I do wonder now if these '67s still age nicely given their age. Anyone experience with this wine around that age as it is often said that this Commanderie is not a storage wine?
  10. @og1kanobi40 [2 likes]: All I need is one day and one Durand. Please.
  11. @jeremyfooter5080 [2 likes]: Sheer heaven. What a collection. Cheers🍷🥂
  12. @brianchaurodriguez [2 likes]: Good for him!!! ❤❤❤
  13. @janee8396 [2 likes]: Ik kan de kurken in die flessen niet eens betalen, maar wat een genot om naar te kijken! Ook een erg innemende man. Moet toch fantastisch zijn om daar tussen die rekken gewoon een stukje geschiedenis open te maken.
  14. @mr.garlicman3134 [1 likes]: The best wine I ever had was a 2016 Vintage Bernard Magrez Chateau Les Grands Chenes Bordeaux Red Wine. It was amazing. It has notes of raisins cranberries and black cherry and leather and it is so beautiful and elegant and sexy in it's own way. I highly recommend it.
  15. @westgarthwines [1 likes]: What a collection!
  16. @muhevend9181 [1 likes]: does wine really last that long?
  17. @FrankQ777 [1 likes]: Wow, what a collection... I wish I could taste one of those bottles.
  18. @Reviews-For-You.: Yeah its impressive, but he is doing it wrong, in my opinion. He can't take that stuff with him when he passes, and a good amount of those are probably vinegar by now anyways.
  19. @mannyr8795: My God give me a big Zalto Glass, a decanter, a Durant and 2-3 days in there 😅
  20. @Pianoman1488: My boy better get to drinking...

- £1,000,000 Demand for Luxury Wine Collection  | Posh Pawn S3 E5 | Our Stories: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] over the last decade the number of people porning high-end items and seeking business loans has increased by 10% I don't live that lifestyle anymore sadly I've got some items here that I'd like to porn now in its sixth year what the hell is it this porn shop loans against virtually anything and everything with value that is incredible owner James Constantino will consider big money deals oh my God from anywhere in the world I can smell the money this morning an inquiry has come in from lanzerotti Joe come and have a look at this it better be interesting it is the Fell's got a million EUR worth of wine in a uh in a restaurant wow I love oldie worldy things don't you you yeah that's not nice is it when I first heard the sum of a million EOS I was jumping up and down for Joy I thought this could be a big one and we were going to earn a lot of money out of it selling the wine on behalf of a client is entrepreneur Gilbert what are you looking for on that I love selling I'm the go-to man on the island of course I would sell it the kidney if I got the right price they have a vintage wine collection dating back to 1855 and I believe there's over 4,000 bottles I'm very busy every day right now my have a nice meal Gilbert's client and wine owner is 78-year-old restaurant her and German expat ant G I like it to serve the peoples because I know all the peoples every day I see peoples I know and that is what I like but no more I cannot do it till I'm 100 years old it's not possible you know I have to make SL 7 months ago an's husband Jurgen died leaving herself and seven children including 53-year-old be I like this photo that is the best photo from my husband my dear he enjoyed the moment and they know and for this we have a very good collection because he love the wines not like the wines he love the wines you know right like no a lip Divine yeah yeah yeah right my husband like wines and foods and havanas and girls and me and that is a good collection all together Jurgen started his wine collection in 1969 we have three rooms with wine very expensive yes it's very expensive all the wines are very expensive Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother this bottles they made for the birthday of Queen Mother when we came here we have nearly 6,000 bottles but the collection is now smaller because we drink a lot by ourself and with friends and now it's not so much this row is a special wine Romani Conti 1,700 one bottle if you sit down and drink a bottle of this wine with your wife she love you more and more I think more than th000 yes yeah an G now wants to return to Germany and hopes to sell the wine as one lot my husband was with heart and soul to collect this wines I know that he will say from the heaven it's okay you make it my darling they want €1 million for the whole collection and and have tasked middleman Gilbert with finding a buyer I've approached James because of his reputation uh within the UK he's the guy I believe can sell it with me of course closing deals on the weird and wonderful I don't know who would be interested in this never actually had anything like it hasn't always paid off oh no what have we done James was put on this Earth to make money so if he loses it he's absolutely devastated his most recent purchase is a motorbike that is only for show what is this Chris Al you bought this I got it carried away you did this with the horse now you got this they're typical things that I personally love to get involved with and to be honest with you I shouldn't probably have bought them today to make room at the front of the store for his new bike James has decided to finally let go of his beloved horse and armor good afternoon how you doing mate you're right I'm okay thanks I've got an idea thinking this suit of armor trying to get everyone to sell it B offering a prize Lawrence you up for this depends what the prize is James let's have a prize of 500 Quid how much are we selling it for let's say 5 and a half grand for the suit of armor that's a fair price and they have to pick up themselves or you've got to ride it over there half an hour good luck May the best man win or lady C bye bye all John that suit of armor you want it it's yours for 5 and/ half Grand get a bank transfer the next half an hour I'm up a monkey cool sorted okay came on oh dear despite head office being in haon Garden James still likes to visit his sorry shops especially when there's a new client with a big ticket item this is a Bentley mole saying it's absolutely beautiful I mean it is the dogs dood do to be honest with you the inside of it it's like a private jet they're amazing they've got drinks cabinets fridges TVs but you got to be careful some of these cars can be a little bit dodgy there are a lot of clones out there as well so we need to do our checks fly get it all inspected make sure all the numbers match up service please on your backs back please porning the Bentley is Ed a 23-year-old head chef from h don't start going yet just leave him on the front for now after leaving school at 16 he's been working his way up the catering ladder what's not to love about being in a kitchen mate it's hot and sweaty spend all your time in close proximity with men that's why Matt loves it isn't it Matt T 21 two Toasties and a sandwich I was uh head chef at 19 nearly 20 it is quite young but in the shove World more than any it's more about the talent rather than the age and now we going one step further and opening up a pub running it for ourselves training our own staff Ed and his partners are planning to reopen a 17th century coaching in in buckinghamshire but not before undertaking a major refurbishment so this is going to be the first gastro pub the business plan is to have four in four years which is quick progression for a gas TR Pub company this one's got to be right before we move on to any more so this here is where I want the the roller specials poured Ed will be living in and running the pub with his girlfriend Chloe but the business is an extended family affair my Godfather's uh invested a lot of time and money I'm sort of more creative side he's very much the accounting side the project is a total is probably going to come to about 400 £450,000 we're short about about 50 g round in total that we uh we need to finish off the project to the right standard so that's what we're hoping to get they're hoping to raise the £50,000 quickly by porning the 2-year-old Bentley mulain so this is the beautiful car that my Godfather's lending me to take a loan out against she's an absolutely stunning car I'm hopeful that James has a good understanding of of of why we need the money and and give us the money we need to finish the project but will he be able to give Ed the cash he needs for his new business with his flagship store in Hatton Garden the heart of London's Diamond District porn shop boss James now has four gem experts working across his three branches ala how can I we have hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gemstones coming through the door almost on a weekly basis and the staff must be able to appraise everything not just the diamonds 5 karat it's a it's a a big boy this one at the Richmond store the company's longest serving geologist Kristen has been sent an inquiry about a stone that's far from the norm I've got an opal here from a customer that's in the boulder still it's in the fossil there's probably a few hundred carats worth we do deal with gemstones and Opals but normally they're in a piece of Jew with not in a rock it's a challenge cuz I mean how do you sell something like that what do you think your piece of rock yeah it's not just a piece of rock it's a fil with opal in it hi it's Kristen from Prestige you want my piece of rock get me it I'll sell it I will in the heart of the Lake District lives the opal's owner 56-year-old David I found see a cup of tea with his two dogs Sparky Robbie David and his mom Anne hello yeah don't forget just one lump of sugar please right thank you who he cares for full time oh goly me that's not very sweet well you've had your lamp of sugar in it oh well never mind I normally put you three or four sweeteners in three or four yeah don't forget the key please no I've got the key okay I do majority of the work the washing making lunch making tea mom sort of got Beyond sort of doing that sort of thing come on Mrs Jay out you come we've always done things together even when Dad was alive and then when you came along got interesting Stones we used to go rock hunting together yeah and you loved going around with your geological Hammer all you kept doing Hammer Hammer Hammer just by chance dad just stopped you hitting a stick of dynamite God what would have happened if you'd hit that we'd have got blown up oh David be careful with that his childhood outings led to a lifelong passion and now David and Anne regularly sell some of his vast collection of gems at local craft fairs I know my [Laughter] Stones morning doc good morning oh it's a beautiful piece that we've both been in here for years we enjoy it it's part of our lives really coming in here get us some coffee please yes put some sugar in it please I tell you what it's busy there's not a soul out there but David and an's outings are now at risk after months of car problems unfortunately it's using an awful lot of water we don't really know why about every 30 or 40 mil we have to stop and top the car up up it's a bit of a nuisance really it's come to the crunch now that something's going to have to be done I've decided that I would try and sell my piece of boulder opal which I've had for many years I bought it when I was 16 I think it cost £30 or £40 then which in that day was a lot of money the minimum I would accept is £2,000 for it if it's less than that I would keep it because it's worth more than that to me will the team be able to keep David and an Mobile by finding a buyer for such an unusual piece over 1,000 inquiries come through the doors of the porn shop every week I like to sell some of my jewelry okay and over half of the team's working hours are spent securing buyers for those items I've got someone who's uh put a firm bid forward their latest client is Their Own Boss I've had a fill of this now to be fair James has offered a 500 bonus to the staff member who sells the horse and armor This was meant to be sold by now I was just wondering if you're interested in purchasing a suit of armor okay then okay well thank you bye but they don't trade anymore hello Dean it's Lawrence uh from Prestige we spoke a few months ago about a suit of armor I'm trying to get through to someone but they don't seem to be answering their phone doesn't even work are you still interested you don't know anybody dear comes with a fiberglass horse how many phone calls you made J I've just bashed out a few emails I've got someone calling me back all right you might as well stop all of you now before the embarrassment starts of me slaughtering you I think at the end of the day as long as it's sold it doesn't matter who does it really bollocks to that I want the 500 quid at waybridge new branch manager Helen has got an even bigger task on her hands valuing around 4,000 bottles of wine belonging to restaurant tur an in lanzerotti I employed Helen because she's got a wealth of experience with dealing with high-end assets she's very methodical she was never going to leave any Stones unturned and she was going to get the job done there is about 20 pages with about 50 different types of wine on each page I do enjoy a glass of wine but I sort of more of A5 for25 kind of girl this year number was going to test Helen it was going to take days and days to go through that package if there's a big deal to be done I don't think you'll have any problems getting 90 grand for that this is where I'll come into me own Roy James does not want to miss out whether it's on land in the air or on the water this is what it's all about he Jesus Christ today he's had an inquiry about another unique vessel Jo have a look at this look what is it a 60t yorksh keel you like all this sort of earthy stuff I don't James living rough a do you like that that's nice isn't it I love the taste of the decor well we might get you to appraise these soft Furnishing separately oh my God I'd love to go there they've been living on it for 20 OD years oh they live on it yeah can they go up and down on it yeah I'm sure have done that have been together for 20 years they're going to sit their olding hands for 20 years oh J stop it oh dear couple Joe and David live on the houseboat in Nottinghamshire are you going to do anything today or just sit there hey it's hard work planning your next job he blinking pigeons bother be the same tomorrow finger marks all over this door we've been together 29 years there was no one else in the pub and I thought oh he's nice and tried to make conversation and he was pretty miserable really first date was do you want to come and paint me B yeah did and I thought this pl's a charmer that's me don't okay you can put your bush down now David and Joe have rebuilt the vessel from scratch over the last 18 years we skip when we bought it put roof on myself not everybody could see what we could see we stood on it and thought that'll make a brilliant home didn't we and then we did it we did it between us the boat is now a spacious two-bedroom home pay $ 5,000 for it scrap there was no plans or anything we walked around and said that will be the bedroom this will be the lounge I've not got the first idea how many man hours it was just on and on for years I am proud of it and I sit down at night and look at it and I love it yeah but I want my next one now now they're Keen to live on dry land and have set their hearts on renovating a 300y old Bakery in neighboring leerer as you can see it uh needs a little bit of work doing I'd repair to the doors needs a little bit of work on the roof here natural light they call it this is the old B and that'll be a feature that'll all be blasted back leave all that there That Old Brick goodness it's so exciting I love it the boat is is absolute pristine Condition it's been professionally valued by a marine surveyor as 150,000 but we've got it on the market at the minute for 127 or thereabouts cuz we're keen to sell but we don't have the time to keep waiting because no cuz we need to get on with the baker we are just waiting we need to get on with the baker I want to get the roof on this year good girl go on Lulu good girl come on babe go on in it's a beautiful life here really when you sit out here now look at all the wildlife yeah you'll miss this when you live in an house yeah but we've got a river at the bottom of the garden haven't we I love the B love everything about it but I'm so looking forward to doing something different so I'm ready now Joe and David aren't the only ones needing money fast for a restoration project James is heading to hartfordshire to meet head F Ed who wants a loan against his Godfather's Bentley for his gastro pub Venture I've had Bentley before and um they're pretty amazing cars pictures look absolutely phenomenal looks like a real Beast of a car we'll hopefully get it out on the road and give it a little blast I'm really looking forward to oh there she comes in all her glory lovely hi Ed hi James how you doing all right mate lovely so this is the car this is the car it's a beast isn't it it is it's got a 6.75 L engine it's an absolute Beauty she's got a couple of modifications it's top spec it's got the American speed wheels on it and the black grill there's only a couple of those in the UK right and how many owners has he got do you know one just one so Phil's had it from New yeah yeah his absolute pride and joy okay okay it's lovely so is this open yeah so it's keyless keyless Boot and you got some Bentley umbrellas in there it comes with all of the uh all the added extras uh it really is fully loaded then yeah I mean it looks really sporty for a for a big car yeah it is sporty I mean if you put it in sport mode or extra sport mode she smells great as well in the back we've had the uh TVs put in and whoever sits in the back can control the seats the air conditioning the TV in the back all through the iPads that's built into that you just pull that down yeah that's a coffee table in there and then in the middle is the controls for all the back seats for massage and heated seats in the back and the front throughout the whole car fantastic it's beautiful it's a lovely car is all right if we take her out for a little SP abolutely let's go yeah she's purring away nicely I know oh yes for this this is absolutely phenomenal isn't it yeah yeah the car is really fantastic it's the finishes on everything the drive it's just she just floating along you can feel the power as well when you put yeah yeah it feels almost like it's just sort of glazing along the top of the road doesn't it it's a it's a beautiful drive I'm feeling it I'm feeling it Ed how many miles have she done do you know it's done 9 and a half thousand is that it I wonder why she felt so tight it's just it's like a brand new car isn't it yeah it is it's fantastic good little car such a beast but it feels like you just know under there is something pretty impressive it's like and it's so elegant as well when you're driving it doesn't feel like you're driving a huge car no it doesn't roll around like a boat like some of the older holder rolls-royces and Bentley so that's what happens when the Germans get hold of it yeah exactly of turn it into something good so Ed like it's pretty specked up so you're probably looking at what well over 200 Grand here from New yeah I think the car at the base model is somewhere around 250 and there's probably about £50,000 worth of of uh specs and modifications so you're probably looking somewhere between £250 £300,000 total price for the car let's give it a little bit a Welly shall we that's lovely that just Glides along doesn't it it does yeah it's fantastic well it's raining mate I think we better head back and uh Park her up and do some sums I think yeah no problems well Ed that was fantastic mate did you enjoy that that was lovely look um what are you actually looking for in terms of the money I looking for £50,000 and when do you need it by we need it really quickly in order to get this project finished and underway so we can get in there and and open the business okay so well 50 Grand is a lot of money so what I'm going to do is we're going to do a few more checks and then I'm going to come back to you yeah yeah no problems fantastic but can James turn around that much money in super quick time in Hatton Garden the staff have banded together and put a request into Joe did you hear the talk about the water cooler in the office you're being silly what' you think your name is Bob gildo James listen we're not here to save the world we're here to do a bit of porn broking we're talking about water yeah but let's not let's talk about porn broking any Rolexes coming today I don't know I'm sitting here being your PA I'm turning my back now can I leave this conversation no no in the front office assistant manager Michaels received the boulder opal sent by Kristen from the Richmond shop how about that you been foraging around and you go again so what is that it's a boulder opal I bet that's a very difficult thing to Value Michael what does the car want for it ideally they're wanting into the thousands it's one of those things where it could be hit a Miss if this opal runs through the stone then we're win the money really but if that's just more of a surface thing and inside the middle bit is more Bolder then but we definitely need a very experienced pair of eyes to have a look at it an experienced pair of eyes or a big pair of something else to get involved with it things like this can be high risk it might be a dud but cheers Michael thanks sure cheers proving tricky to appraise James is taking the opal to jewelry expert Ian we don't know the size of it because it's actually embedded in the Rock Ian loves that sort of stuff so we're going to pop in and see him he might be a to give us some indication of value I'm hoping that he can he's always there for us and he gives us his true opinion and nine times out i' said he gets it right oh my word Ian I feel a little bit underdressed do you know darling i' like to make you undressed full I'm visiting the queen for a Knighthood what do you have today well I've got something really special for you really and uh oh Australian opal Australian is it well in Sydney in the Rocks area they will sell big chunks like this to the Chinese Market really and they're not cheap they're not cheap no this is a very good example in fact you know I like it because there's a lot of opal showing but how deep does this opal go you know really it's a difficult one for us because as you say we don't know the debt for the opal people always offer me raw diamonds and raw this and raw that I never get involved because you never know what the end result is going to be it can cost a lot I suppose it's a little bit of a risk is it it's always risk it's business it's only money who cares you know have some fun take a chance well look thanks it's been great seeing you again pleasure thank you see you again I'll let you know I get on with that when I get back to the challenge exactly exciting EXC a challenge see you later today would have been great if I to come here and he said look it's worth free 5 10 grand but really I haven't got an answer on the value because we really don't know how much open is in that rock and it's a risk and a punt it's not something I'm used to although the idea of it does excite me a little bit in waybridge Helen's been working her way through an's wine collection I was in contact with Helen on an hour by hour basis because the wine package was so huge and vast and varied it really needed a lot of attention how are you doing with the laner I'm about halfway through seeing quite a varying prices really some are just a little bit lower than we were expecting so hopefully by tomorrow I'll have a final sort of retail figure for you for the for the whole lot lovely okay great all right thanks me thanks bye with five and six figure sums regularly at stake James likes to test drive vehicles before he will consider doing a deal I'm loving it leaving his right-hand woman Joe to man the fort why am I always the one left behind but today they're both going to escape the hustle and bustle of London Are We There Yet by heading to the Nottinghamshire Countryside God I'm really excited it's a proper day out for me it was so lovely getting out of the office it was a beautiful summer hot day and we were going to go and look at a barge I mean what could be better look at that I like Countryside I can't wait to uh meet John and Dave oh good you're sounding more positive than normal well yeah I've turned to call you know that yeah I know I just saw you do it back there we're looking forward to selling the boat and moving on with the next project we've put a lot of heart and soul and Blood and Tears into it but uh it's a means to an end cuz there's a couple we've never lived in a house lived in a house no so it's a whole new experience but it's something we're looking forward to not the bills obviously but have barges with their barges I wonder if they get up to Ary bargy wonder if they like onion barges yeah I've loaned on a barge before but I've never sold one on and this was going to be a real challenge for us wait for me I'll be careful Jesus is that going to hold to at once I'd bypass this if I were you oh don't be Wicked James you better turn around and get me all right come on hi hi Joe nice to meet you and you this is gorgeous I'm already sold by the way brilliant we can stop now then oh this is lovely look wow oh wow it's amazing this is the lounge it's bigger than some Cottages isn't it this oh look how lovely is this oh I love the way you've decorated it Joe looks well comfy when I first saw the barge and how lovely it looked and the setting I just thought I could really imagine this lifestyle fire up here we go he loves an engine I like it do you know what it's raining it's raining oh how funny should I put the Broly up quickly have you got a Broly no sorry about her she don't get much this is what it's all about at this life on the open Canal Jam all yours right here we go Dave are you not a little bit worried that he's got your house in his hand your actual home I'm sure his money is more powerful things than this you seen them been smashed to Pieces yeah got know she good we know what we're doing we've got it covered please you're putting me off I'm actually liking this this is I feel empowered I would't think you need to turn it much you're just go in a straight line you don't understand this is boy stuffy Joe they're being horrible to me at the end of the day barging really isn't my cup of to I'm more of a Ferrari man but I could appreciate it for what it was it was a lovely relaxing day out and it was really nice to meet the owners so Dave what are you actually looking for for we're looking about 128 well it don't seem like a lot of money it's not a lot of money to be honest but this is a lifestyle change for someone I can imagine someone stressed but has got some equity in something that they can maybe come and change their whole life how do that mean you're enjoying this aren't you I am actually but don't tell anyone back at the office I'm that little duckling family the ducklings better than mine me you yeah they will oh there's another boat coming get out of way I forgot I was in a big boat himself now yeah mine El small boat he's probably feeling a little bit inadequate inadequate that's why you're loving it he is hey hold on my turn not bad for a beginner don't call me a beginner you know I'm an expert everything I touch that was a great day out to meet you we're going to do some work on it and we'll come back to you you so much cheers Joe no I'm all right I can get up thanks thanks I think both are impressed uh with the quality of the boat hopefully we'll hear soon but I really hope that that they can do something and help us move on look this ain't going to be an easy one I mean how many people have got 128 Grand to spend on a boat but they might want to live in somewhere we might be able to come back with some news hopefully we can I'll tell you what I think I might have started the menopause really I can't call down really can you get that airon on and get a bit of wind up let's go back to London come on what a lovely day it was brilliant thanks for letting me come out that's all right you needed an aing back in lanzerotti Gilbert is waiting to find out if James has sourced a buyer for an's 4,000 bottles of wine we're looking for around a million EOS for the whole collection The Collection is very rare and we need to sell this for Ane uh she wants to now retire and I believe she wishes to go back to Germany so if we can help her do that that'll be fantastic we've done so much groundwork on the appraisal process of that wine because it was such a big number and we didn't want to get it wrong good evening Gilbert hi it's James here how you been mate you all right I'm all right I'm actually still in the uh the sell there are still some that are not on the list so we're still plowing through them okay I'll be straight with you there was a varied lot on there some of the wine is run-of-the-mill restaurant wine but amongst that lot there was some quite good stuff in there but I must say you know the million euro figure put on it isn't realistic okay we can't value it as a retail item we have to Value it as an auction lock so what we've been doing over the last few weeks week is trying to find someone to take the whole parcel now that I must tell you it hasn't been doable for us I regret to inform you of that it's probably not what you wanted to hear but you know they feel very confident about their collection um this collection will go and we've just got to find that buyer you never know good but there might be someone out there for it fantastic James thanks for all your help and uh uh let's see what we can do with this collection cheers mate thanks Gil fantastic cheers all right bye the list of wine was absolutely endless but we were three4 of the way through and we were at €35,000 as a price it just wasn't going to happen with the million EUR Gilbert was still looking at the remaining bottles of wine and he was hoping that he'd find a gem amongst them I wasn't that optimistic and I wasn't willing to take a punt on it and that's business it's not great news but I'm determined to sell this total collection for uh Angie we'll find a buyer somewhere how are we doing I've just had a phone call from James and uh unfortunately Ely hasn't found a client for us but it's not a problem for us we can wait we find it in the future we will find him quite sure for this one quite sure during we are waiting we will drink wine and make uh a good life at the porn Shop's headquarters office manager Joe is busy getting distracted why is there one fly in here I actually want to kill that fly James can can you kill this fly how big is it it's like normal fly size it looks like a bat I'm leaving it alone did you see that fly impersonation I just turn around cuz I could well I was doing a fly impression that is funny oh dear in combria David and Mom Anne are hoping the opal will raise a minimum of two £2,000 to buy a new car you know what they're after don't you they do like their biscuits not many in there many in there good grief the cupboards bear boys these sorts of items they are high risk so without further investigation we have no real idea of how much good quality opal is in the middle of this St I just hope it's worth a reasonable amount so we can put a at least a good deposit down on on the new yeah hopefully we can not only make him happy but also ourselves and a potential part in the future happy so yeah I do hope he accepts the offer finding out it's only worth £500 would be very disappointing I'm just sort of sat here hoping but it's a case of the unknown hello hello David yes hi this is Michael from Prestige how are you no not so bad yourself yeah I'm good thank you I'm giving you all about your opal oh great um it's hard to gauge how much opal is inside this Boulder it is a high risk we have to negotiate up so we were able to push up some offers I do appreciate that obviously um you've got to make a a bit of a living out of it I mean our offer would be um will be £2,000 let me have a word with my mother and sort of see what she thinks okay sure they're offering me around about £2,000 for it what do you think well as I've said to you you know at the end of the day it's your piece of opal and really and truly you're the only person that can decide what would to be the minimum amount you would accept for it yes I'll accept the 2,000 ,000 if you can't sell it down in Hatton Garden no I don't think anybody else can okay then well thank you very much for that thanks byebye bye it couldn't have had a better sort of uh crack at the whip really you might cut it and all there is is just a great lump of brown Sandstone you know it's just one of those things I think you've done the right thing there's a lot of space in there for both opal and Baler who knows which it is it's certainly going to help to buy another car can't get anything much worse than what we've got at the moment if there is opal we could double triple our money if it's not then it's a very expensive Payway recently the team have been competing for A500 prize to sell James's horse and armor well we've all had a little B the Cherry trying to sell it but um when people don't want to buy it if I had a lump of cash that's definitely not the first thing I'd go out by he must be mad all right Josephine yeah and what's happening with that armor that suit of armor out there it's been there ages you're going to have to admit defeat on this I think oh God please it can't stay there much longer James it's like a big chunk of money just sitting there doing nothing it's a boo boo isn't it it is really well I've had them all working on it there's one out there it's just such a specialized thing we're just going to have to try and forget about it for a bit forget about it i' I've been thinking about that helmet we're going to uh basically use it as like a you know in the old day when the teacher used to make you sit in the corner with a hat on Dan's hat yeah yeah we're going to use the helmet as a sort of penalty thing for anyone who makes any mistakes that is CW to to the star I know they'll enjoy it oh I love the idea that really solves the problem you like that no all right I admit defeat there's nothing I can do about it we're stuck with it all right is that what you want to wear oh I don't want what you saying well you are you're driving me to despair with it I actually try not to think about it I look the other way when I walk in in the mornings and now you're bringing it to my attention yeah but that just says it doesn't it that you're trying to avoid it there's no point trying to avoid things you got to deal with them if that's what you're going to do that it'd be funny I suppose but it doesn't solve getting rid of the Blooming Thing now that we're stuck with the horse and armor and the Nutcracker I really need to keep an eye on him when these big unusual shiny things come in I just feel like I need to be behind him going don't do it don't do it on the canal in Nottinghamshire David and Joe are waiting to find out whether James has found a buyer for their house boat I'm a corn broker not a a barge broker at the end of the day so it was a quite a tough gig but I think I've got something that they might well be happy with the couple hope to sell the barge so they can renovate a derel bakery and create a new home we need to get 128,000 and we're desperate to get started on it so it means a lot to us today hello Joe how are you it's James here from Prestige how you been you're all right yeah we're we're just really eager to to um find out what's happening have you exchanged on the bakery not as yet no right so you need this funds to get the hold of the bakery really don't you we need to do it as soon as possible really right okay otherwise you might lose the bakery yeah exactly yeah right okay well look we've been working very hard we've been in touch with Brokers dealers private individuals and when we sent them over the stuff they were very interested in marketing it cuz there are similar boats here probably not as nice as yours for sort of more money to be honest with you that's what weed but I can tell you as from today I haven't got a buyer for it right so it's a bit disappointing in that respect yeah yeah if you do need to exchange on the bakery and it gets to the wire on it would be prepared to do a loan on that boat for 50 Grand if it helps you guys out might just give you a bit of breathing lovely think about anyway um so it's not a total loss I mean thank you for everything you've offered us yeah obviously I'm quite disappointed cuz it it meant so much to us but I know you're trying your best to help us so buyers out there um with 100 Grand in their pocket few and far between at this moment in time yeah but the other offer still stands and if you want to come back to me I would love to help you with it lovely thank you very much okay thank you bye bye God you know I don't know I really I can't stand making those sort of phone calls it's like she was such a lovely woman it's it's a name he's not managed to find anyone he did say he would happily secure as a loan on it but yeah it's a name it's a big ask but uh there you go back to square one do you know what we've failed which is what really in essence has happened here we have not managed to sell their boat all right they've been trying themselves and they haven't had any luck either but they've come to me because they felt that I may be able to pull pull a stop out and get it done and uh unfortunately it hasn't happened gutted really we were hoping to move on this is going to set us back quite a bit but we'll keep on trying no day someday somebody will buy it something will happen it's going to go sometime soon and we will get our house we'll get our first house together 23-year-old Ed is waiting for news of a loan against his Godfather's Bentley to pay for the refurbishment of his asro Pub when you're lending someone £50,000 of your own money there are a lot of different factors that come into it so it's not just a value of the carb hey you right yes how you doing yeah good thank you well look Ed we've been working on numbers as you can probably appreciate with a brand new car uh there's some huge sums and as soon as you drive them out the showroom the uh the depreciation on these big numbers are quite heavy so there's all that to consider saying that um she drives like a dream she's low mileage she's uh fully loaded so I think we're really in a position where we can give you some numbers to be honest with you your 50 Grand isn't a problem in fact I can double it if you need it so fantastic there's 100 Grand on the table and if you want to draw on it it's up to you brilliant thank thank you very much James that's really going to make all the difference our business and help finish off so fantastic mate well I'll look after it for you and give me a call when you when you want it back thank you very much cheers James cheers thank you bye my Godfather's going to be ecstatic that was what we wanted um it's great to know that he can give us uh more money but I think the 50,000 is all we needed that's what we set out for it'll allow us to complete the project so yeah really really happy it's a no-brainer when these lovely cars come in and the values there we can put funds into the client's account straight away it can be done literally within half an hour it's a win-win situation all around and there's another 50 Grand on the table should they need to borrow it at a later date so yeah it's good so yeah it looks like I'm getting the bus home but uh for all the right reasons n

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aaron-xc4je [4 likes]: if anyone wants to buy or sell opal do it in Australia we have the worlds best Opal and Opal Minds what you really want is the Black Opal
  2. @jmdyt3626 [4 likes]: The opal expert feels like a zoolander character
  3. @chad0x [3 likes]: "I need £2000 for my opal", "We can offer you £2000 for your opal", "Let me just check with my mum, I'm just not sure."
  4. @veronicacrabtreehill6608 [2 likes]: That Opal 'expert' is a robber.
  5. @julieweir3546 [2 likes]: I absolutely love Ian.
  6. @NoelHill-fl5ug [2 likes]: It's Queensland opal and if u do cut it open  u could be sitting on a forchon $$$$
  7. @sandyhughes1520 [2 likes]: I love Jo ❤️❤️
  8. @Molloy1951 [1 likes]: If they had at least 3 neurons, they would have sold the Bentley, not pawned it. 🤯🙉
  9. @Kimbledotcom [1 likes]: They will sell that opel to an Australia contact or Chinese buyer . For a lot more than £2000.    What a shark infested world.
  10. @chad0x [1 likes]: Armour is still up on the website... I'd have thought wetherspoons would've snapped that up for one of their pubs. 

"Can James get the 50k together quickly enough?" I would bet he has that kind of money in his back pocket. £50k against a ~£275k vehicle in pretty much brand new condition is a steal.

Ian is my favourite part of the show, always wonder what he's gonna be wearing and what bling he'll have on.
  11. @AnthonyTobyEllenor-pi4jq: There are expert Opal polishers with water lubricated wheels who carefully grind off boulder to leave Opal, only then can you tell what the piece is worth and anyway, black opal is the most sought after, what they have is mainly white. ! The Bentley for 50 thou is a bit steep but not too steep. The Wine collection looks interesting, you need a real expert to do a valuation but no way is it anywhere near a million ! The armour and horse is the most Kitch monstrosity I have seen in years, no way would I have that anywhere near my house and 5 grand is ludicrous, they will probably have to pay somebody to take it away.
  12. @Feedaphile: i like to serva da peoples because i know all the peoples
  13. @jasperdalesamaniego3407: I don't understand, a customer asks 50k for the Bentley yet he offered 100k and seemed wanting to refused it saying all he really needs is 50k.  Is there something you're not telling me? Perhaps hidden stipulation that might affect the customers disicion to accept, or to want 50k instead of 100k? a UK law? Increase paper works? What is it?
  14. @jojjeja9371: The rock lady is gorgeous:-)
  15. @Louis-p8x7s: James is not the only person that has money, that buy's things that doesn't make sense
  16. @kadebaitrum7797: How much was the bike 39:29 ?.  Looks like a Yammy motor?
  17. @kadebaitrum7797: Should have just held a big wine auction at a local vineyard or something.
  18. @Pobsta-de7hb: Forget your wine darling, start educating Germans to use carpet Underlay and skirting boards,  undercoat and the many other important things that make rooms beautiful when you decorate and renovate, jesus. Ok rant over, I do like how you recycle cans and bottles here
  19. @JohnBlundell-n3w: They come across nice on TV?
Up there own A whole
  20. @nugsruleify: Worst show ever no negotiations

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- Collecting Wine with Staffan Hansson: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] my parents didn't drink your wine didn't take an alcohol so I wasn't brought up with wine when I drank wine while oldest choose the cheapest one because you wanted the effect not the taste when I was around 24 I was visiting one of my suppliers in New York they were having dinner every evening I took a sip of the wine and I said my god can mine be so good when I went home go in the into store and at the cashier there was the store manager so I asked him what is the best one I ever used or and so he looked at me I was said well I have a half bottle of Mouton Rothschild from 1949 it was so good I mean tears came out of Maya it was so good the next day I go back to says how many bottles do you have I have 50 ok I said I'll take them so that's how I started of course being a wine collector seller was the key and that that was a big part of building a house of course it's not a beautiful cellar it's a lonely country quite ugly cellar but it's functional to store wine properly you don't want to spend more time than necessary because we freeze and I keep temper down there between seven and nine degrees all of these wines are really really good ready Gaffey fantastic mellow mesito 9797 was a phenomenal year for all of Italy particularly meseta grappa is normally not made in Piedmont it's made in South Tyrol this guy Romani lady he was an artist not only on the inside but also on the outside I think is the best Graf brother is in this group of wine friends that I have when we have dinners the greatest fun is to fool everybody they are all blind if you're doing why another 40 50 years old hard to tell if it's a Berg in the airport or a roller and when you get the bottle that come and the bottle comes out you see this at all I should have known that's the game I think that's what's so making so much fun the fun thing with the black glasses people think they know if you drink a white wine that is white or red wine is red which is not true I did the tasting here for 12 people I poured a very old white wine from Spain Rioja in the glass and I asked them to say tell me is it white or is it red and half said white house address is not so easy my philosophy never been to buy wine as an investment because if you do that and you have to focus just on that subject and then it's not a hobby anymore then it's a business maybe I do much wine but it's still a hobby you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryanmgkim [41 likes]: he started by buying 50 bottles of CMR, gotta be nice to be rich
  2. @Zerausoss [12 likes]: One of the best wine collector video ever. I have watched it like 10 times. I have like 250 bottles of wine but the goal is 5000 in 10 years. Steve Spurrier wine cellar is amazing too
  3. @wineasmr [11 likes]: Amazing collector. This gentleman knows what he is doing. At the end of the day wine is pleasure and not buisness
  4. @QualeQualeson [4 likes]: Interesting cellar temperature. Preserving more than aging probably, which is what you'd want when you buy wine that's already peaking.
  5. @PowPower666 [4 likes]: Dream life... Why I've been born in goddammit Russia!!???
  6. @an-wy3gh [4 likes]: So he rich ?
  7. @lancelot1 [3 likes]: That 1994 Harlan is amazing. Truly magnificent wine.
  8. @petrfrizen6078 [3 likes]: In Vino Veritas! Especially, in such a collection!
  9. @sarahwig1 [3 likes]: WOW!!!
  10. @beijin8078 [2 likes]: What an interesting house! Do you happen to have a review for it?
  11. @karlstriepe8050 [1 likes]: So what's your superpower?  I'm rich.
  12. @Opkopen: ❤
  13. @bigtaquito: BEAUTIFUL house
  14. @UnusSedLeo-w5l: Cool storage. Literally and figuratively.
  15. @SusanWarden: I want to learn wine and start collecting but I don't know where to start.  Recommendations?
  16. @afi2005: Beautiful collection Senhor Hansson.
  17. @chloeandmatthewtravel: This video just blow my mind! amazing bravo! Love this video and all the stuff you put out. I actually just posted a new video on my channel  “Exploring My Wine Collection | How can you track your wines”, and I would love to hear your thoughts since you seem to have similar interests. https://youtu.be/5Unvspe0cJY

- Can the fine wine market maintain its performance? | FT Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Few would argue that we aren't living in turbulent times. But today I've come to a particularly serene part of southeast England to find out how an evolving fine wine market is responding to an assortment of traditional and not so traditional challenges, ranging from long-term weather patterns to pandemics. It's very strong. The market has moved from being a UK-centric type investment to right now, worldwide. And there are more platforms cycling up all the time. In fact, the Live-ex 100, the leading industry exchange of the secondary market, has risen by around a third over the past two years. They are very, very good at putting out information as to the state of the wine market in general. And they are saying that it's extremely robust. Over the past 10 years, when it comes to luxury investments' performance, wine has trailed only cars and rare whisky, according to the Knight Frank Investment Index. But this global market is facing a global issue that could well affect investment values and prices in the longer term - climate change. The major wine regions for investment are all on the same latitude. So you start off with Napa Valley in California, on the West Coast of the United States, through to Bordeaux, through to Burgundy. And of course, these regions are getting hotter and/or colder. As our climate changes, it could make it harder to produce future vintages of the quality we're used to. Climate change is going to play a part in the wine life. That said, with wine, if there is no more Bordeaux, then the wines that are held with customers are only going to increase in value. Of course, climate change could eventually influence supply the other way by actually opening up new areas for quality wine production. The Champagne region of France, for example, is an area seen as being particularly susceptible to climate change, which is why famed champagne houses, like Pomeroy and Taittinger, are now looking to places they would never previously have considered for production. Big international players have come into the English wine scene to invest in their own vineyards, put their money where their mouth is, and recognise how special the southeast of England is. The effect of climate change will, of course, be gradual. But I have come to the UK's oldest wine merchant, Berry Brothers, founded in 1698, to learn more about how certain aspects of the markets are changing now. Some good ordinary clarets, are they? Yes, my favourite. The company stores around £1bn worth of wine for private clients. There may be a few thousand bottles here, maybe. I actually don't know the exact figure. In Basingstoke we currently have a facility for 9mn bottles. Spending on fine wines actually increased throughout the recent pandemic. And sales for its en Primeur season, which allows collectors to buy the most recent vintage before it is bottled, were up over 40 per cent in 2021 compared with 2019. As sales grow, and with greater volumes being traded across the world, ensuring the origin and care of their wine is as it should be is becoming ever more important for collectors. The bulk of what I do is looking to check that everything that we sell is absolutely as pristine as it should be, and that it's come from the right place so that the provenance is correct, that it's been stored correctly on the way into us. In times of higher inflation, as we're seeing now, physical assets do have the potential to offer solid returns. But wine can entail higher costs than other investments due to factors like shipping and storage. It's seldom a short-term investment, and concerns about counterfeiting are also becoming more prominent. It wasn't really an issue up until about 10 years ago. Now it's something which everyone asks us about. Cases like that of Rudy Kurniawan, who in 2013 was convicted of wine fraud for selling tens of millions of fake wines, have thrown a spotlight on counterfeiting. So how big of a problem is wine fraud nowadays? The more common types of wine fraud is mass produced bottling of perfectly potable table wine with a more expensive label on it. And that's happening probably as we speak. Somewhere in the world, somebody is bottling something which is not what it says on the label. Combating the frauds takes various techniques and technologies, both old and more recent. Can you see the fluorescing lights and the fluorescing label there? Yeah. But there are two tiny little holograms in the shape of a cloverleaf. Their position moves with every vintage. Other verification systems can range from nanochips to tracking numbers and even a system that matches a unique pattern of air bubbles under the cap to an image kept on file. One relatively recent development uses blockchain technology to help gain clarity over a bottle's condition and whereabouts across the supply chain. When you've got a broken supply chain, actually, that's the best time, in my opinion, to commit fraud. So what we're doing is saying, actually, we may make 5,000 or 500, depending on what's going out of a QR code that will be unique to that bottle and that batch. Can you show me how this sort of technology would actually work in practise then? We're going to scan that code as so, and now we're going to go into temperature, humidity, and GPS location of that bottle. Systems like Chainvine won't be for everyone. But in a global survey of wineries last year, blockchain technology ranked second of all technologies they saw as having the highest priority of importance to develop. As for the wine investment market, if it wants to build on strong recent performance, it will have to adapt to the constant changes coming from both inside and outside the industry.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sommeliermicheleorbolato9896 [3 likes]: Great quality content! Yes, it's true fine wines can be an alternative to more common assets, such as property or stocks. However, you really need to know what you are doing and preserve them correctly. Keep in mind that preserving and storing the wine correctly is expensive and reduces your return on investment.
  2. @JosephKulik2016 [2 likes]: The ONLY Reason why Some fine wines are so expensive is because PT Barnum was correct when he observed that:  "There's a Sucker born every minute !!!"  I moved to San Francisco in 1969, and I spent years thereafter engrossed with the wineries of the Napa Valley.  I tasted and bought many fine bottles of wine, some even quite expensive.  But my overall impression now is that thinking of fine wine as an "asset" is a Pretentious and Overwrought Idea.  The basic reality is that any bottle of wine is just fermented grape juice, and any monetary value placed on a bottle of wine beyond that is simply a product of a Pompous and Pretentious Imagination to some degree.  That there is even such a thing as "Wine fraud" is indicative of how Astronomical and Unreal the price of fine wine has become.  I must confess that I've never looked at my love for fine wine as a Portal to Snob Society.  I just drink wine for its simple pleasures, and that's good enough for me.
  3. @vlado2701 [2 likes]: ~~Who drinks , he does not know about the dangers of wine ; 
~~Who does not drink does not know about it benefit.
  4. @roxxycrystals [1 likes]: May all being be healthy, be well, be free!
  5. @tptp5118 [1 likes]: Treasures in Heaven Matthew 6 NIV

19 “Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. 20 But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. 21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

22 “The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy,[c] your whole body will be full of light. 23 But if your eyes are unhealthy,[d] your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!

24 “No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.

Do Not Worry

25 “Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life[e]?

28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.ll
  6. @hungsonpham6226 [1 likes]: Awesome, I’m reading a lot materials involved in this sector as well.
  7. @missourimongoose8858 [1 likes]: The reason this market is booming is due to the rich getting richer from the pandemic lol still cool to watch even tho I'm not a wine person
  8. @Ijdjdjdjndvvyu: The answer was no
  9. @JosephSmith-qq9oz: these Ukrainian politicians have stopped liking me. It is not enough for them that our country finds money for them at the expense of its own citizens. Talk of Putin blackmailing the world with hunger by withholding Ukrainian grain has begun. But there is simply no credible evidence that Ukrainian grain is being exported to Russia. But there is information that the Ukrainian military burned the grain that was supposed to be shipped to other countries from the port of Mariupol. So who is the blackmailer and terrorist?
  10. @WineJam: Interesting take I knew about the climate change and blockchain having a change on wine investment but glad to see blockchain is ranked so high of importance
  11. @the_sideshifter: Home sweet home! I apologize for the ugly handwriting on the barrels by the way :D :D
  12. @pattonpatton1386: The explanation is very good and I am looking forward to more works
  13. @PSModelling: Great video appreciate the quality content.
  14. @hacc: thanks for engsub
  15. @pikminlord343: Neat

- Evolution of Alternative Investments - Investment Insights - Privat 3 Money & Cult Wines: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] human psychology says that if there's an opportunity to get paid today then you're going to try and take that opportunity there is a general thesis and a general human psychology concept are saying like you know oh if I can get something today that's going to return high tomorrow I want to do that as I mentioned earlier the greatest thing about wine as an asset class are two things one is that is generally uncorrelated the a financial market so we've seen it many times before during periods of economic deterioration during periods of economic stress fine wine prices have been more resilient and the second thing is that we have this beautiful wine in front of us today the 20110 feet rush you know they only make a limited amount of production of those bottles and as of today we've actually reduced the availability of that wine today there is going to be a point in time in the future that no bottles exist of that wine and the best analogy I can give to people when holding wine for the long term is Imagine going into an art gallery and seeing Picasso paintings on the wall let's imagine this was an art gallery and there was 50 Picasso paintings on a wall and I systematically went round and took every Picasso painting Off the Wall smashed it left it on the floor until there was one left what would be the value of the last Picasso painting at the end of that exercise versus the value of it at the start when there were 50 other Picasso paintings on the wall and that is essentially the underlying fundamentals of investing in collectible wine when you invest in collectible wine these will be consumed the supply will do the over time and that yes there'll be downturns as I mentioned earlier we've seen four downturns in the wine market since 2000s but we've also seen for Market you know uh periods of growth in in the market the downturns have been less severe and for shorter periods of time than the economic growth and actually the long-term performance of wine has always been quite correlated to sort of 8 to 10% per anal so my you know sort of response to investors is one if I was ever going to try and time them Market I wouldn't buy at the peak of the wine market I'd buy when prices have come down because I believe in the long-term opportunity so I think now it's an opportunity to buy rather than an opportunity to leave do you have competition more on the financial opportunities in Alternatives or more from the tangible goods when people make comparisons and you know capital is competitive in some ways if I'm not investing in wine I could invest in Watchers or in whiskey so is that way you see competition and I think the purely financially motivated investors are evaluating this in the context of both basket of Collectibles they can hold so yes they might think about this in the in the basket of cars or you know jewelry or you know artwork or whatever it might be and against the other Financial products they have available to them and the returns they can get I think there's a second category of investors we have that are passionate about wine if I've got to the point of life where I've got large disposable income and I love wine and I have an interest in wine I want explore it over a long period of time but I can also get a financial benefit from doing so it really is you know a perfect sort of solution because if you invest in wine you've got a passion for it you know you have the optionality you have a collection of wine but you know that your economic interest is being retained and if not growing over time some of a 10,000 bottle seller realistically knows they're never going to drink all those wines but they're passionate about it and they know the value is not only being retained it's probably growing so you've got something you're passionate about excited about you learn about and it's delivering a financial return for me that is the optimum so in answer your question yes there more financially driven investors that are purely looking at as a financial return of course they're going to be comparing it to other asset classes they've got and that's when probably this time period is a little bit more difficult and tricky to navigate because of the other options and returns that we're seeing elsewhere but those that are a bit more sticky are probably those that have a passion for wine and are seeing this as a way to sort of kill two birds with one stone

- Wine Over Stocks? See the Proof!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered how can you be more Diversified without being in the stock market we all want to make money apparently we all want to do good in life but how is it that we invest in stocks and in real estate it's the same old same old it has to be an industry out there that allows us to make money just like the stock market and maybe for Less volatility and less risk well my profiteers it is something out there wine now this we got this from uh mikos Greece um this is 11 years old and think about it right it's just wine when it comes to stocks what stock have you held for 11 years doesn't work like that you buy the stock you sell it it's down you sell at a lower price you buy it when is back higher again we don't have the same discipline when it comes to holding our wine like we do with holding our stocks but if we diversify and buy wine or get into the wine industry this is a way that we could be Diversified spread out our assets not have to worry about the wine market going up or down let's talk about it well my profit teers we'll go to USA Today look at the pros and the cons of investing in wine right first off lower Coalition correlation if I can speak compared to the stock market right so the live fine wine live fine wine is that French Li fine wine 100 which tracks the prices of a, Fine Wines from around the world has a correlation of 0.19% right so the more we're correlated with the market if the market goes up we go up goes down we go down the less correlated doesn't really matter right so one to one is the highest correlation right zero no correlation at all so 0.19 has a small amount of correlation that's a good thing if you compare it to the stock market right and 0.12% correlation on the S&P 500 so the world because the world loves wine more than us we're Americans we like beer more than Wine but a very low correlation to the stock market so from a diversification standpoint that means if the Market's volatile it's going down doesn't really mean your wine investment's going down so that's a pro or Reason Why wine investing Is Not a Bad Thing number two tangible value as beverage and physical Collectibles right collectible right many wine invests display their collection and Wine sellers in discuss it with various house guests and vors can always enjoy drinking high quality wines if it doesn't pan out but our stock can't drink our stock now we wish we could drink our stock like Zoom that I bought two years ago that's zooming down steel man I wish I could just pour my Soros in that just drink can't do that with wine we can and because it's tangible we can put our hands on it we don't really fret as much if it goes down like our House housing market goes down there a rental property rental are not there we're not threatened because we know over time it's going to go back up we think we do why is it with stocks it's not like that stock goes down well oh my gosh I'm gonna sell I gotta get out it today it's never gonna go back up because it's not tangible we can't see it but something that we can touch feel taste we keep it for some reason psychological does a same market right whatever though also wine is recession resistant Recession Proof shout out to him 500 win's low correlation to stocks and other assets means wine prices could provide stability and as investors we all like stability and protection during Financial market downturns during covid uh the stock market sell off we know that was but the price of wine only declined by 1.4% now I imagine how much wine was being drunk then we was in the house by itself not knowing what was going to happen man cover seems like a lifetime ago what even five years ago but yes because of the correlation it does not go down as much a lot more stable and as investors we all like stability right reliability we like things that we know it's going to happen from a return standpoint and why gives us that one flip side difficult to score right this is at a high price of wine itself wine investors must build and maintain a wine seller would it pay to have the wine stored in careful control professional storage facility so my wine refrigerator I have with this and other wines might not cut it for investors right it's good for us in our collection when family and friends come over we crack over something that's a 11 years ago or the wine we got in Venice from the baron shout out to the bar uh that was a 29 year old uh which was pretty cool not so much when it comes to uh investors though Long hold period stock Traders can open and close a winning trade as we know those car options with wine not so much it's about longevity the age of the wine you can smar it in the barrel right and also extremely expensive the cost of building this storing a quality portfolio of wine creates a be venty that some investors do not have so we know the pros we know the cons and we also know wine over the past 20 years has yielded over 133% actually beating the market last 10 years wi is up by 10% the market is up by 13 so 10 years to the market 20 years for wine but now all investors doesn't matter what type of money they you have we can invest in wine and this is how now my profiteers not an endorsement not an endorsement but because of blockchain Technology that's out there now we actually can invest in wine where we don't store it we don't have to hold it but we own it right and we can track it on blockchain and that is block seller un cork the future allows us to buy wine Crystal different types of wines we able to buy it we have to store it uh whatever restaurant or whatever stores facility is at is there but with blockchain we know that it's there and we can easily buy and sell wine so for individuals who don't have the capacity to have a huge wine seller don't have the money to build one out but they do want to be Diversified block sellers a site to look at not a recommendation but as we scroll through though we are able to buy and it kind of gives us information and also my profit teers fractalization so because it is on a blockchain you don't have to buy one whole bottle right it might be A1 thousand bottle you say I'm not paying a thousand dollar for wine but we can definitely tokenize it where we buy $5 worth of that $11,000 bottle so it's a way for us to have small or large skin of the game but also have the same percentage returns so again not a endorsement for Block seller but for individuals who want to get to the wine industry this is a site that you want to look at taking advantage of the tokenization taking advantage of blockchain which is getting bigger and bigger and more widely populated we can buy something like this maybe not spend all the money that this cost but then also enjoy the returns so my profiteers what do you guys think whine are we going to whine away or am I just crazy thinking about we should invest in wine I know one thing diversification is to and the more we have our money spread out and things that are growing historically nothing but a bad thing we can all say when times are good or times are bad we gonna get us some wine but comment below we in wine n and wine good idea bad idea also hit that patreon link join our newsletter as we continue to tell it in information if I could talk give information on YouTube also we have concrete great information about getting out of debt financial planning I am in Certified Financial Planning and also a couple stocks a month that we think is going to outperform the market join the profiteers in our community in our patreon but love is love as always let's make some papay propit together y'all [Music] peace and you just want to get paid uh tired of making no money mistakes make a payment on your bills and you still late yeah pay for profits to help you seek change uh and you just want to get paid yeah tired of making no money mistakes make a payment on your bills and you still late uh pay for profits to help you seek change yeah let the show just listen you want to feel ower by making money decisions residual by the hours can get you a better living B the check you know it could be different you know

- How the US Wine Industry Became a Billion Dollar Business | Wine Economy USA: Kind: captions Language: en In 1976, a blind tasting in Paris shattered three centuries of European wine supremacy. French judges tasting unmarked glasses declared American wines superior to the most prestigious French vintages. The results were so shocking that one judge tried to take back her scorecard. That single afternoon didn't just embarrass the wine establishment. It revealed the potential for American wine to become not just respected but financially valuable. It hinted at an industry quietly transforming into a billiondoll business that most people had completely overlooked. What happened next wasn't just about better grapes or clever marketing. It was about immigrants, prohibition's long shadow, a few renegade scientists, and the economics of turning fermented fruit into a commodity worth billions. The story of American wine is really a story about how a country built an industry from almost nothing, generated massive financial value, and captured global attention, and along the way, it created investment opportunities few people imagined, where land, barrels, and bottles themselves became assets. Wine in America starts long before anyone thought it could be serious. Spanish missionaries planted the first vines in the 1700s. mostly to make sacramental wine. Thomas Jefferson tried and failed to grow European grapes at Montichello. The soil was wrong. The humidity invited disease and native pests destroyed root systems that had thrived in France for generations. For over a century, American wine meant something sweet, fortified, and forgettable. Then came 1920. Prohibition didn't just stop alcohol production. It dismantled an industry that had been slowly figuring things out. Vineyards were ripped up. Knowledge was lost. Wine makers who understood fermentation chemistry, barrel aging, and varietal selection either left or found other work when prohibition ended in 1933. American wine had to start over with almost no institutional memory and a public that had spent 13 years drinking bathtub gin and Canadian whiskey. Few realized it at the time, but these setbacks were also a financial reset. Land that might have been used for wine was cheap. Investors, dreamers, and entrepreneurs would later see value where others saw ruin. Early vineyards, once considered worthless, would eventually become some of the most expensive real estate in California. For decades after repeal, American wine meant cheap, sweet, and sold in jugs. Most of it came from California's Central Valley, where industrialcale farming prioritized quantity over quality. A gallon of wine cost less than a gallon of milk. Outside America, it wasn't taken seriously. But something was quietly shifting in Northern California. In Napa Valley and Soma County, a few determined individuals started buying land that nobody else wanted. These weren't generational wine makers. They were doctors, engineers, and business people who had fallen in love with European wine and wondered if the right techniques could work in California. They had money, curiosity, and no attachment to tradition. Robert Mandavi opened his own winery in 1966 and he treated wine like a craft and also a potential investment. He invested in French oak barrels, temperature controlled fermentation, varietal labeling and hired university trained enologists. By elevating quality, he increased the perceived market value of every bottle. Other pioneers followed, refining techniques and sharing knowledge, slowly building an industry that outsiders didn't yet notice. The 1976 tasting in Paris was supposed to be a casual promotion. Nine French judges tasted California Chardonnese and Cabernet blind. The expectation was polite acknowledgement, but the results shattered assumptions. A 1973 Chateau Montilena Chardonnay scored highest among whites. A 1973 Stags Leap Cabernet topped the reds. French judges ranked American wines above Muro, Batard Montrache, and Chateau Briion. A single journalist from Time magazine made the results impossible to ignore. Suddenly, wine in California wasn't just good, it had financial potential. Vineyards became assets, bottles became commodities, and a quiet gold rush began in the world of American wine. The Paris tasting didn't just validate California wine, it created a market signal. Premium vineyards became assets and bottles became collectible commodities. Land prices in Napa Valley began climbing. Large corporations bought wineries. Investors entered the market and European producers started forming partnerships. Wine was no longer just a craft. It was big business. Scale created new challenges. How do you maintain quality across thousands of acres? How do you create a consistent product when the weather is unpredictable? American wineries solved these with mechanization, irrigation, lab analysis, and vertical integration. treating wine production like advanced agriculture with financial returns. By the 1990s, the US wine industry generated billions of dollars in annual revenue. California alone produced over 80% of American wine. Brands like Kendall Jackson, Gallow, and Behinger became household names. Wine consumption rose steadily, driven by a growing middle class, lifestyle signaling, and even health research. Collectible bottles entered auctions and investors realized some wines could appreciate like rare art or alternative assets. As the industry grew, it split into two markets. Large producers, millions of cases annually, optimized for consistency, distribution, and revenue. Small producers, limited releases, focused on teroir and critical acclaim, often creating bottles worth thousands. These small wineries depended on the infrastructure and consumer base that the large producers built, but they also represented high value investment assets. The industry had become both accessible and aspirational, generating wealth at multiple levels. Some bottles became investment grade almost overnight. Rare vintages stored under perfect conditions would sell for multiples of their retail price at auctions. Collectors, hedge funds, and wealthy individuals quietly added wine to their portfolios. Vineyards themselves became assets appreciating in value. As global demand for premium wine rose, insurance policies, provenence tracking, and storage facilities turned wine into a physical asset class. a billiondoll ecosystem spanning land, barrels, and bottles themselves. Even modest wineries learned the language of finance. Limited releases, futures markets, and wine clubs created recurring revenue and increased brand value. Investors who understood scarcity and quality could make substantial returns, while consumers gained access to aspirational experiences and cultural capital. Today, the US wine industry generates over $70 billion annually, including production, distribution, retail, tourism, and collectibles. Napa Valley attracts millions of visitors yearly. Wine auctions, collectible bottles, and investment portfolios create a financial ecosystem that extends far beyond the vineyards themselves. Yet, challenges remain. Climate change, water scarcity, shifting consumer habits, and global competition all threaten sustained growth. Wine in America is simultaneously a mass market commodity, artisal luxury, and an emerging alternative asset class. Its future depends not just on taste, but on perception, scarcity, and value. The American wine industry succeeded because a few people believed in a vision and built systems that generated cultural and financial value. Today, wine is simultaneously a drink, a luxury, and an investment. Whether this balance will endure or whether the industry will ultimately have to choose between craft and capital is the billiondoll question. The story began with a blind tasting in Paris. But the most interesting part is what happens next. Who invests? Who drinks? And who defines the value of wine in the years ahead?

- Investing in Collectibles (U.S. 2025): Art, Wine & Comics — Smart Asset or Rich-Only Game?: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, imagine this. You're walking through someone's private collection. Maybe there's a Picasso on the wall. >> Then you go down to the seller and there's wine that costs more per bottle than well some cars. >> Mhm. >> Or maybe in a vault there's a comic book literally worth millions. These things, they're not just objects, right? >> No, not at all. They're pieces of history, culture, status symbols for sure. And um increasingly people see them as alternative investments, >> right? And that's what we're diving into today. This whole world of high value collectibles. We're talking fine art, amazing wine, rare comics, vintage cars, you name it. >> It's a movie that definitely stirs up a lot of passion and uh curiosity, too. These are, you know, tangible assets. They feel completely different from spreadsheets and stock tickers. >> Totally different. And for a long time getting into this market, I mean, where single items go for crazy money, it really seems like it was only for the super wealthy here in the US. the barriers just felt massive. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> So, the big question we're tackling in this deep dive, looking at all the stuff you pulled together. >> Is that actually changing? Are those gates opening up a bit? Are there ways for, you know, you listening right now, the curious investor, to maybe get involved? >> That's exactly it. That's the mission here. We're going to look at why collectibles are so appealing as investments in the first place. >> Okay. then really understand those big hurdles that historically kept most people out and then unpack some frankly uh transformative changes that are happening right now. We've got insights from all sorts of sources covering billionaire art strategies, the weird complexities of wine futures, even the passionate sometimes kind of cautionary tales from comic book collecting. >> All right, let's unpack that appeal first. Why do investors, especially the really wealthy ones, the UHNWIS, as the sources call them, why do they even bother with collectibles? It seems so different from assets that, you know, pay dividends or something. >> That's a great place to start. Look, there's definitely the emotional side, no doubt. The sheer enjoyment of looking at beautiful art, the uh social status of owning something famous or just loving a particular artist or vintage. >> Sure, the passion aspect. But for serious investors, especially those with deep pockets, there are real financial reasons beyond just having something nice. >> Like what are they actually thinking of these as part of a serious portfolio? >> The research suggests, yeah, they are. Some studies show that certain investment grade collectibles think specific types of art, rare wines, classic cars, they can actually perform really well, sometimes even better than stocks or real estate, especially during certain periods. >> H interesting. And what's really attractive for wealth preservation and growth is how they might perform differently from traditional markets. It's about diversification. >> So they might zigg when the stock market zags. >> Exactly. One source specifically mentioned fine wine citing the Livx fine wine index. Study show it's had a pretty low correlation with the stock market historically. Meaning if the stock market tanks your fancy wine collection might not necessarily fall at the same time or you know maybe not as much. That kind of non-correlated asset is gold for portfolio stability, especially if you're trying to protect a lot of wealth through different economic cycles. >> Okay. Okay. So, potential for good returns, crucial diversification. >> Yeah, >> that makes financial sense. Plus, you get to own something cool, something tangible, maybe reflects your taste, gives you bragging rights. That's a potent mix if you've got the money. >> It really is. >> But then, if they're so great, why wasn't everyone piling into art and wine decades ago? What were those big walls keeping people out? >> Uh, the barriers they were. And honestly, for owning the whole thing directly, they still are pretty huge. Very high walls. >> I'm guessing number one is just the price tag. You don't just buy a Renoir with your spare change. >> You absolutely hit the nail on the head there. The main barrier, hands down, is the crazy high entry cost. To own a serious piece of blue chip art or a classic Ferrari or a case of truly top tier wine outright, >> you need massive capital. >> We're talking >> hundreds of thousands, often millions of dollars for just one item. Sometimes that immediately knocks out what 99% of potential investors, they just don't have that kind of cash lying around. >> And even if you did have the cash, it's not like buying Apple stock. You got to know what you're doing, >> right? Precisely. That's the second big one. The specialized knowledge needed. It's often a really opaque market. Information isn't just out there for everyone. >> How so? >> Well, valuing these things is tricky. It depends on provenence. That's the ownership history. Super important for authenticity and value condition, the artist's reputation, the vintage quality for wine, market trends. Even appraisals can be subjective. Getting that expertise, it takes years, maybe decades of deep immersion. You can't just read a quarterly report >> and then say you own it. >> Yeah. >> Trying to sell it fast seems like another nightmare. That's the huge issue of illquidity. Unlike stocks or even property, sometimes you can't just cash out collectibles easily. Selling a major painting, a rare car, a big wine collection. It can take months, maybe years, depending on the market, finding the right buyer. >> So, if you need money quickly, >> you could be in trouble. Especially in a recession when luxury spending dries up, you might have to sell at a big loss. There's no instant sell button. >> Okay, so the value is fuzzy. Selling is slow. What else? The costs don't stop when you buy it, I assume. >> Not even close. Transaction costs are notoriously high. Auctions charge big buyer and seller premiums. That adds a hefty chunk. Then you've got ongoing costs. Specialized insurance. Forget your standard homeowners policy for a million dollar painting. Secure climate controlled storage, >> which is essential, right? >> Absolutely critical for art, wine, lots of things. Plus maybe transport costs. All these eat away at your potential returns big time. >> You mentioned storage. So, I can't just like stick a rare comic or that fancy Bordeaux in the attic. >> Oh god, no. Not if you want it to hold its value or in the case of wine, not turn into vinegar. Proper storage is key and it's expensive. Art needs specific temperature, humidity. Wine needs cool, dark, humid conditions. Cars need climate control, maintenance. They're not passive assets. They need constant costly care >> and the risk of fakes. Fraud >> that's always looming, especially in high-V value markets like art or vintage cars, counterfeits, messed up provenence. It's a real risk. You need serious expertise for due diligence. Finding out your masterpiece is a fake. That's your whole investment gone. Poof. >> And finally, I guess taxes and legal stuff add another layer of pain. >> Definitely. Collectibles often get taxed differently. In the US, the capital gains tax rate on collectibles is higher, maxing out at 28% versus the standard long-term rate. plus state taxes, then inheritance, gift taxes. If you buy internationally, import duties, VAT, different legal rules. It gets incredibly complicated. You often need specialist adviserss. >> Wow. Okay. Suming that up. Huge cost, need expert knowledge, hard to sell, value is subjective, high fees, expensive upkeep, risk of fakes, complex taxes. Yeah, that list makes it pretty clear why this was mostly a playground for the mega rich. >> It really paints the picture of the traditional scene. It wasn't necessarily designed to be exclusive, but the nature of the assets just demanded huge resources. >> Okay, but here's where it gets really interesting where the sources show a massive shift directly challenging that for rich Americans only idea, >> right? You're talking about the rise of fractional ownership platforms. This is probably the biggest thing to hit the collectible markets accessibility in well generations. >> Explain that. How does it work? If I know about buying shares in Google, how is this different for say a painting? >> The basic idea is pretty neat actually. Simple concept, complex execution. A company, a platform goes out and buys a really high value collectible. Let's say a million-doll painting or maybe a super rare comic. >> Okay? >> They handle all those barriers we just talked about. They have the experts to find and authenticate it. They put up the cash to buy it. They arrange the professional storage, insurance, all that. >> So, they own the whole expensive thing. Then what? Then they basically securitize it. Fancy word, but it just means they divide the ownership, the value of that one big item into lots and lots of small digital shares or units. >> Yeah. Like slicing up a pizza >> kind of. Yeah. And then they offer those small slices, those shares to the public. So lots of different people can buy a tiny piece of that big expensive asset. You don't own the physical thing, but you own a fraction of its value. >> And the appeal for someone like me or you listening is obvious. >> It's way cheaper to get in. Exactly. That's the main draw. Instead of needing millions for the painting, you might buy one share from them. So, well, the sources mentioned minimums as low as $10, $20, maybe $100 on some platform. >> Seriously, 10 bucks? >> Yeah. For certain items. Others dealing with really high-end stuff might have higher minimums, maybe $250, $1,500, or even $10,000. But compare that to the price of the whole asset. It cracks the door wide open to markets that were completely locked before. And it lets you spread your bets too, right? Not put everything on one painting. >> Yes. Another huge advantage with lower minimums. You don't have to put, say, your entire $10 savings into one piece of art, which is super risky. You can diversify. Buy a small share of a Banky, a piece of a vintage Ferrari, maybe a bit of a rare baseball card across different platforms. Even you get exposure you could never afford otherwise. >> And let's be honest, there's the cool factor again. >> Oh, absolutely. One source mentioned the bragging rights or just the satisfaction, you know, telling someone you own a piece of a famous artwork or a historical artifact. It's a conversation starter in a way that owning like utility stock just isn't. >> So, what kind of stuff can you actually own a fraction of now? Is it just the art and fancy cars? Our sources mention quite a range. >> Oh, it's way beyond that. The list is genuinely staggering and it keeps growing based on our sources. >> Okay, hit me. >> Art, obviously, that was an early one. Shares in blue chip works by Picasso, Basket, Banksy, Monae. Masterworks, Yield Street Particle are big names here. Masterworks apparently took a $6 million basket painting, the mosque, and split it into over 280,000 shares at just $20 each. >> That's accessibility right there. >> Wow. Okay. What else? >> Cars. Vintage classic supercars. Rally is a platform mentioned, offering shares in Lamborghinis, Ferraris. They apparently had a $400 K Lambo Countach offered at like $80 a share. They have around 60 vehicles listed. Okay. Memorabilia, huge category. Sports stuff. Michael Jordan's Game War and Air Jordans, $25 a share. Rare comic books. A 1940 Batman comic for $26 a share on Rally. Vintage baseball cards. >> Keep going. >> Rare books first editions like a Harry Potter first edition on a platform called Otis. Vintage tech. This one's wild. Shares in an original Apple Lisa computer for $11. Old iPods, iPhones, sealed video games. No way. >> Yeah. Historical items, artifacts. Get this. A copy of the Declaration of Independence, $44.95 a share. Or even a piece of a 69 million year old triceratops fossil for $20 a share. >> A dinosaur >> apparently. So then there's music royalties, not physical items, but shares in music cataloges. Springsteen Dylan were mentioned. Platforms like Songvest minimums around $100. You get potential income from royalties. >> Interesting. luxury items like rare Hermes bags, vintage Rolex watches, and even raceh horses. Platforms like My Racehorse let you buy shares in actual horses from $100. You might get winnings, maybe access to the farm combines passion and investment. >> That list is insane. It really shows how much this has opened things up. Now, you mentioned ili liquidity was a huge barrier before. >> Do these platforms help with that? Can I sell my share if I need the cash? >> That's a really important point. And yes, some platforms are trying to address it. Many like Rally have set up secondary markets. >> How does that work? >> It allows investors who bought shares initially to sell them to other investors on the platform before the company decides to sell the main asset like the whole painting or car. >> So it creates a way out >> potentially. Yes. Now the liquidity on these secondary markets can vary a lot. You know, it depends on demand for that specific share. But it definitely offers a potential exit route that just didn't exist with traditional ownership. >> Okay. So fractional ownership is a massive change. Lower cost, diversification across this incredible range of assets. Let's zoom in now on three specific areas from our sources. Art, wine, and comics. Get into the nitty-gritty. >> Sounds good. They each show different sides of this collectible world. >> Let's kick off with art. We know fractional platforms tackle the big barriers, but if I'm thinking of putting, say, $100 into a share of a Monae, what do I need to know? How do they even pick the art? What should I look for? >> Right? So, platforms like Masterworks or Particle, they have teams of art market pros, curators, researchers, data people. They use their expertise, often complex data analysis to find works by artists with strong track records, market buzz, pieces they think are undervalued or have growth potential. >> So, they do the homework. >> They do the heavy lifting. Yeah. The due diligence, checking provenence, condition, negotiating the purchase. For you, the investor, the homework is researching the platform. What's their track record? How good is their expertise? Are they transparent about fees and how they pick the art? That's crucial. >> And once they buy it and slice it up, is there proof art actually performs well as an investment? >> The sources do point to some compelling data. Contemporary art especially seems to have done well. One source mentioned an average annual return of 11.5% from 1995 to 2023, which actually beat the S&P 500's 9.6% in that time. >> Wow. >> And platforms like Masterworks, they publish their results when they sell an artwork, their exits. They reported median annualized net returns on their last few sales like 17.6%, 17.8%, 21.5%. Now, obviously, past performance isn't a guarantee, >> but those numbers definitely make you look twice. Still, as a beginner dipping a toe into fractional art, what are the key risks or questions I should have in mind? >> Okay, several critical things. First, understand the risks. Art markets aren't always smooth sailing. Values fluctuate based on trends, the economy, even scandals. Just because you paid $20 for a SH doesn't mean it can't go down. You could lose money. Think of it as part of a diversified portfolio. Not a sure thing. >> Got it. Research the platform. Research the art itself. What else? >> Yes, definitely dig into the platform's fees, management fees for storage, insurance, etc. Their regulatory setup and their exit plan. How and when do they plan to sell the actual artwork? Is there a secondary market? How active is it? And for the art itself, yeah, understand the artist, the specific piece, its history. The more you know, the better. >> And patience is key. This isn't a quick flip. >> Generally, no. Art is usually seen as a long-term hold, maybe several years before the platform aims to sell the physical piece. So, be prepared for your money to be tied up, unless that secondary market works out for you. And hey, if you're putting in serious money, talking to a financial adviser specializing in alts is never a bad idea. >> Makes sense. Accessible, yes, but still needs thought. Okay, let's switch to wine. Now, this feels different because well, you're supposed to drink it eventually. >> Exactly. That's part of its unique appeal and uh complexity. Fine wine is both this tangible pleasure and an investment asset. As good wine ages, gets rarer because people drink it. Its value can go up quite a bit. Plus, as we said, it offers diversification. That low correlation to stocks tracked by things like the LiveX index. >> One of our sources mentioned buying wine futures. Sounds fancy. What is that? >> Yeah, that was a great anecdote. It detailed buying wine on premur. It's basically buying wine while it's still aging in the barrel, usually a year or two before it's even bottled and sold normally. The person in the story bought futures for the 2019 Bordeaux vintage specific high-end chateau like Pave Makin Ponte Kane. >> Why would you buy wine that's not even finished yet? >> The main idea, according to the source, is potentially getting it cheaper than the final release price. That 2019 vintage was great, but the sales campaign happened during the early COVID uncertainty. So, some wineries offered futures at prices that looked like a good deal. Plus, buying futures means you control the storage right from the start or arrange for perfect storage, and you can plan when you want to drink it years down the line. >> So, you pay now, maybe get a discount, wait a couple years, and then cases of wine show up. >> Pretty much you take delivery eventually. But here's where the source made a really crucial distinction impacting logistics and especially taxes. Are you buying it to drink yourself or purely to sell later for profit? >> Ah, okay. How does that change things? >> Well, if you're like the person in the story, buying to eventually enjoy it, you'll take physical delivery. They mention storing theirs in a professional offsite climate controlled warehouse essential to keep it perfect. >> And if you're just speculating, trying to flip it, >> then the wine is often held in bond. That means it stays in a special government supervised bonded warehouse, often in places like the UK or Europe. The big advantage, you never take personal delivery. This makes it much easier to sell later, especially internationally. And crucially, it lets you defer certain taxes like VAT in Europe until the wine leaves the bond, which might only be when the next buyer takes it out years later. >> Right. Taxes. The sources went deep on wine tax, and honestly, it sounds like a minefield, especially in the US. Can you boil down the absolute key tax points for a wine investor? >> You're right. It's super complex and the source material was detailed. The number one thing for US investors, the IRS classifies wine as a collectible. >> And that means >> it means higher taxes on your profits. Long-term capital gains selling wine held over a year are taxed at a maximum federal rate of 28%. That's significantly higher than the usual 20% max for stocks or real estate. Short-term gains taxed as ordinary income potentially up to 37%. >> Ouch. And states take a bite, too. >> Oh, yeah. State capital gains taxes pile on top. California's top rate is over 13%. Plus, you might pay sales tax when you buy it, federal excise tax, import duties if it comes from abroad. It adds up. >> So, US taxes aren't great for wine investors. How's it look across the pond in Europe where so much investment wine is traded? That's where it gets really interesting and potentially better for some investors. Many European countries treat wine differently, often as a cattle, basically movable personal property, which can mean lower taxes. >> Like where any examples? >> Sure. The UK has a helpful capital gains tax exemption. If a bottle or case sells for under £6,000, the profit is usually tax-free. Above that, rates are lower than the US collectible rate, like 10 20%. France generally exempts private sales by hobbyists, but taxes professional trading heavily, though gains become taxfree after holding for 22 years. Germany hold it over a year and gains are usually CGT exempt. Italy also tends to exempt private sales and has lower inheritance tax rates. >> And the VAT thing you mentioned with bonded warehouses, >> that's huge. European VAT on wine is typically 1925%. If you keep it stored in bond, you don't pay that VAT or import duties until it's physically removed for drinking. If you sell it while it's still in bond, transferring ownership within the warehouse system, you might never pay the VAT to yourself. That's a massive cost saving for investors. >> So bonded storage is as much about tax strategy as preservation. >> Absolutely. For serious international wine investors, it's standard operating procedure, essential for both. >> What about passing down a collection? Inheritance tax sounds tricky, too. It is a valuable wine collection counts as part of your taxable estate. In the US, the federal estate tax kicks in above a very high threshold like $12.92 million in 2024, but rates go up to 40%. States can have their own inheritance taxes, too. Europe varies. Italy has lower rates. Germany has decent allowances for family. >> With all this complexity, are there ways wine investors try to manage the tax hit? >> Yes, the sources mention a few tactics. Using bonded warehouses is key, especially in Europe. leveraging that UK 6K chatt exemption, holding wine longer in places like France or Germany for tax breaks. In the US, using annual gifting allowances, that 17K per person gift tax exclusion can help reduce your estate size over time. Donating to museums might work in some places like France. But the big takeaway, you need experts, tax pros, estate planners who really get the specifics of wine and international rules. Don't DIY this. That wine tax discussion really highlights that even with fractional platforms potentially handling some back-end stuff, the complexity for direct investors is still significant. >> It's a perfect case study in needing to understand the unique quirks of each collectible market. >> Okay, let's shift gears completely now. Comics. The Reddit source on collecting had a really strong, maybe even surprising take on comics as investments. >> Yeah, that was striking. The overwhelming feeling from collectors there was pretty blunt. Comics are a wonderful hobby and a terrible investment. It's a powerful reality check against just viewing everything as a financial asset. >> Why so negative from inside the hobby? You hear about comics selling for millions, >> right? But the source explains why those milliondoll comics, first Superman, first Batman, are valuable. Extreme rarity. Back in the golden age, comics were basically disposable, printed, read, thrown away. Very few survived, especially in good shape. Their value is scarcity plus historical significance. But people collect modern comics hoping they'll be valuable, don't they? >> And that's exactly the problem. According to the source, comics from the 80s onwards, collectors started buying them as collectibles, keeping them perfect, so there's no rarity. Modern key issues, first appearances, big events are often hyped as investments by publishers and shops, which means everyone buys them and keeps them pristine. So you end up with a massive supply of high-grade copies flooding the market later. That high supply kills the potential for huge value increases compared to genuinely rare old books. It's paradoxical. >> So trying to pick the next million-dollar comic is basically impossible. >> That's the strong consensus from that source. Too many variables, not enough real rarity in the modern market. Characters get hyped, then vanish. Buying tons of $5 comics hoping one hits the jackpot. They say it's a terrible strategy. They remember the '90s speculation bubble. people buying stacks of Spawn #1 X-Men #1 variants >> and losing their shirts. >> Pretty much those comics became nearly worthless as the market crashed. Lots of collectors learned a hard lesson about the investment angle. Then >> it sounds like for most comic fans, the real value isn't monetary at all. >> That's the absolute core message. The value is personal. Like the source said, buy what you love. That way you always win. It's the joy of the story, the art, the nostalgia, sharing it, the community, having a physical thing you're passionate about. Most are collectors first, driven by love, not profit expectation. >> What about grading? Getting comics sealed in plastic slabs with a number grade. They'll sell for big money sometimes. >> The source showed a lot of skepticism in there, too. Collectors see it as expensive and ultimately subjective despite the numerical grades. People pay crazy premiums for tiny, often invisible grade differences like a 9.6 6 versus a 9.8. Some feel it's just exploiting collectors chasing that investment dream. >> But are there any exceptions? Some modern comics did get valuable, right? >> Yes. The source acknowledged that predicting is impossible. And it's mostly a hobby market, but yes, exceptions exist. Obviously, golden, silver, key bronze age books hold value due to rarity. And yeah, a few moderns hit it big. Usually characters introduced before print runs exploded like Deadpool and New Mutants, #98, Venom and ASM, ASM Tag 300, or indie characters who blew up unexpectedly. Something is killing the children. But there's a rare unpredictable outliers. People tried to guess the next big thing many times and failed. Like with Fantastic 488 or hyped characters like Punchline selling original comic art, the actual drawings, that's a different higher value market, too. Still, despite all that hobbyist skepticism, comics are showing up on fractional platforms, >> right? And that's fascinating. That 1940 Batman comic on Rally, that's a genuinely rare historically vital piece. It shows that while the everyday modern comic market is hobby first, the absolute peak rarest examples are being treated as investable securitizable assets now accessible fractionally. Okay, so pulling back to the big picture across art, wine, comics, all these collectibles, what are the main risks and things to consider for anyone thinking about investing, whether it's direct ownership or a fractional share? >> We've hit on them in specifics, but let's recap the general risks. Illi liquidity is still a big one. Fractional platforms try to help with secondary markets, but selling isn't guaranteed or instant, and selling a whole piece still potentially slow, especially if the market's down. and the value being subjective. >> Valuation challenges definitely. It's driven by trends, tastes, appraisals. It can all change. It's not like a stock with clear earnings. Sentiment matters and sentiment can be volatile. >> Speaking of volatile, >> yes, price volatility is real. Some segments like contemporary art or hyped modern items can swing wildly. Big games are possible, but so are sharp drops. >> And the costs don't vanish with fractional. >> Nope. Direct ownership has those high transaction insurance storage costs. Fractional ownership usually bundles these into platform management fees which chip away at returns over time. You need to understand those fees. >> Fraud risks still there. >> Always a background risk. Platforms vet things carefully, but fakes and providence issues exist in the underlying markets. Due diligence on the asset and the platform is key >> and just the general complexity. >> Yeah. Especially taxes as we saw with wine and legal structures for big collections or even just navigating international platforms. It requires understanding or good advice. >> How do financial adviserss typically view putting money into collectibles? >> Well, one source quoted adviser Scott Sturgeon. He basically said, "Alternative investments like collectibles usually fit into a small part of a portfolio for most people, maybe 5% to 10% of your investable money." >> Why is it small? >> Because of the higher risks, lower liquidity, the expertise needed compared to traditional stuff like stocks and bonds. It's maybe for a bit of diversification and potential growth, but not something to bet the farm on. >> But despite the risks and small allocation advice, younger investors seem more interested. >> Yes, the source mentioned millennials in particular are keen. Like eight out of 10 surveyed want to know more about alternatives like collectibles, probably driven by the new accessibility from fractional platforms and maybe a desire for tangible assets or things linked to their passions. And hammering home that point from the comics discussion, know why you're buying. Passion or profit. >> Absolutely crucial, especially with collectibles. For so many items, the main reward is personal enjoyment, cultural connection, the fun of the hobby. Hoping purely for huge financial returns, particularly on trend driven stuff without true rarity, that can lead to disappointment. Buy what you love. If it goes up in value, that's a bonus. Now, for people who do build up significant collections, whether directly or maybe consolidating high-v value fractional shares, the sources also talked about the long game estate planning. Sounds like that's extra tricky with collectibles. >> It really is. Passing on illquid, hardtovalue assets like major art, rare books, vintage cars. It's much more complex than just transferring stocks as the skin source laid out. The goal is efficiency, minimizing taxes, and honoring the collection's legacy. What are the key strategies people use? >> First step, meticulous documentation and valuation. Keep detailed records, provenence, purchase info, condition reports, conservation, everything. And get regular certified appraisals from specialists in that specific market. You need this paperwork for sales, insurance, disputes, and estate taxes. >> Trusts often come up in estate planning. Do they help with collectibles? >> Yes, they can be very useful. Things like charitable remainder trusts, CRTs, can potentially defer capital gains tax when the asset is sold, provide income, and benefit charity. Purpose trusts can be set up just to manage and preserve a collection long-term according to your wishes. Grits might help transfer future appreciation out of the estate, though they're complex for collectibles. >> So, having a clear plan for the collection is vital. >> Absolutely vital. A detailed succession plan. What happens after you're gone? Who gets what? Should it be sold? How? auction, private sale, >> clear instructions for your executives or trustees are essential for handling these tricky assets. >> Any tax smart ways to pass things on while you're alive? >> Yeah, using lifetime gifting strategies. That annual gift tax exclusion, 17K per person, currently lets you transfer smaller pieces or interest over time tax-free, reducing your estate. Sometimes valuation discounts might apply for lack of marketability or partial interest, but you need expert tax advice on that. Sounds like you need a whole team of experts for this. >> You absolutely do. The source emphasized getting advisers who know estate planning, finance, and the specific collectible market specialist, lawyers, appraisers, financial adviserss, trust experts, maybe appointing a knowledgeable trustee or protector to oversee it all. >> What about just donating the collection? >> That's definitely an option. Often a preferred one for major collectors of art or historical items. Donating to museums or institutions can give significant tax deductions. Plus, it preserves the collection for the public and secures a legacy which many collectors care deeply about. >> Okay, that covers the whole arc. The initial allure, the traditional high walls, the fractional ownership revolution across so many assets, the deep dives into art, wine taxes, the comic hobby world, the overall risks, and the crucial estate planning for big collections. It's definitely a market in flux, shifting from being totally dominated by a few to having much wider though different kinds of participation. >> So, let's circle back to our main question based on everything we've unpacked from the sources. Collectibles as an investment US art, wine, comics for rich Americans only. What's the verdict now? >> Well, synthesizing it all, the answer is definitely nuanced. It's not a flat yes or no. Look, traditional direct ownership of the really big ticket stuff, the multi00,000 million pieces, that absolutely is still mostly the domain of the wealthy, the uh andwis, the sheer capital needed, the expert knowledge, the ongoing costs, the complex planning. Those barriers are still very real for owning the whole >> But fractionalization changed the game. >> Fundamentally, fractional platforms have smashed the entry cost barrier for participating. They let regular investors own a slice of these incredible assets for maybe $10, $100, whatever the minimum is. >> So owning the whole basot still for the rich, owning a fraction of it. Now that's accessible to way more people in the US. >> And for some things like modern comics, maybe investment isn't even the right word for most people involved. >> That's a key point from the comic source. Yeah. >> For most collectors, mainstream modern comics are a passion, a hobby. Expecting big financial returns is usually unrealistic and has led to past disappointments unlike genuinely rare historical keys. >> And wine has its own unique maze to navigate. >> It sure does. The US tax disadvantage, the potential European advantages with bonded storage and shadow rules. Handling the storage costs, the complex tax landscape, it requires resources and expertise. Making direct ownership or large futures buys probably still lean towards those with more means and advice. although fractional options are appearing there too. >> So bottom line, it's not strictly for rich Americans only anymore, but how you participate and at what scale definitely still depends heavily on your wealth. >> That sums it up perfectly. The gates aren't locked shut like they used to be, but there are still different doors depending on your resources. Fractional ownership open one door wide, but the big front door of direct major asset ownership still requires a lot of capital and knowhow. >> That's a great way to put it. What a journey we've taken in this deep dive. The magnetic pull of collectibles, the old walls of cost and knowledge, the fractional revolution opening up everything from art to dinosaurs, the fascinating specifics of wine tax and comic collecting culture, the risks involved, and the planning needed for legacies. >> It really shows a market transforming, blending old money approaches with new techdriven accessibility. And as this fractional trend keeps rolling, making it easier for anyone to put a bit of cash into these passion assets, these culturally significant items, it leaves us with a final thought kind of bubbling under the surface in our sources. Does this big shift, this mashing together of Wall Street logic with the worlds of MoMA and Comic-Con, does it fundamentally change what collecting is? Does the focus slide too far from passion and preservation towards just pure financial speculation? What happens to the soul of these unique markets when everyone's looking at the price tag first?

  Top Comments:
  1. @fredfarkle-bp9en: Im into Beanie Babies bro   To the Moon   If we are unpacking

- The ESSENTIAL WINES - 15 bottles to build your collection!: Kind: captions Language: en master of wine and this one is for all of you out there who want to build a stash of wine and don't know where to begin I will tell you which 15 bottles to buy in order to start your wine collection let's go [Music] before I jump into this video if you're new to this Channel and want to learn more about wine then please do subscribe and now let's talk about your wine collection while preparing for this video I realized how incredibly difficult it is to limit myself to 15 wines but I had to so don't be mad if your favorite one is not in the mix the beauty of the topic of one is that it is a bottomless barrel and there's always something new to learn something new to discover but you have to start somewhere today I'm going to start with the wines that you usually drink before you start your meal apparatus number one grower champagne yes everyone needs a little bit of champagne Lily bonange said I drink champagne when I'm happy and when I'm sad depending on your budget you might just have one bottle on your shelf or your seller might be filled with the stuff but you should have some champagne ready whenever the situation requires it I really like grower champagne like this Maya which is a premier cool champagne from a small grower usually those Champagnes are a little bit cheap paper and they can be super interesting and they are also not just operatives you can actually drink them together with food I love champagne with fish and chips for example fried chicken or maybe even Sushi second we have the more affordable bubbles Cava cremosect or Prosecco there are also occasions when you want to drink sparkling wine but you don't want to spend the big bucks unfortunately Cava cremo zached and Prosecco offer great Alternatives at far lower prices most of them retail for less than 20 US dollar and they can be really amazing at the moment German sect is really pushing the boundaries there are some really amazing ones available made from the grape variety Riesling or from the burganian or champagne varieties and I really like this Khal Shafer Pinot blonde zact which I discovered in a blind tasting and this was the best out of the bunch for me so this is really complex deep concentrated fresh and vibrant good stuff so now let's move on to the white ones and number three for me has to be Riesling Riesling has to be one of the greatest whites to put into your collection as it is still fairly affordable offers great quality and can be stored for a long long time you can get an easy dry entry level wine or a dry very complex courses of X1 you can also get off dry and sweet Reese things you can keep some of them for decades even longer than 100 years in some cases and the wines go really well with food you can pair Riesling with lots of rich and Hearty dishes because of this acidity that cuts through almost everything I really like Clement's push from the mosul and this is his Marine book roses quebecs from the 2018 vintage this is beautiful and fresh and vibrant right now but it will age gracefully over the next few years I usually like to drink one bottle when it's young and then keep the rest of the case for little bit longer if you only have one bottle then keep it patience will be rewarded wine number four is sauvignon blanc let's face it sauvignon blanc is a crowd please and when I have lots of friends over we're not necessarily into wine I open Sauvignon blonde because I know that most people will like it will enjoy it but it's also a deep deep grape variety if it wants to be it can be very complex it can be age worthy and it can go really well with certain dishes I love sauvignon blanc with goat cheese or with fish dishes so you have lots of opportunities with this aromatic grassy fresh vibrant white wine Sauvignon blondes grown all around the world but this is where it's from the origin so one of the most classic regions associated with sauvignon blanc as a great variety and this libuko from Chlor E4 is just beautiful it's very fresh Natalie there are Aromas of gooseberries coming to through it's not exotic and exuberant it's more refined and fresh and on the palate there's power and freshness combined so this is beautiful just around the corner from sauvignon blanc has to be shenandblanc number five is still underrated but that is an advantage for you it's the girl at the party who does not know how pretty she is it doesn't smell fruity it smells of wet Stones wax and wool which might not really sound amazing but it smells amazing China just like Riesling can produce a huge variety of different wine Stars they can be dry off dry or sweet they can be young and easy drinking or they can be super age worthy and very very complex for me the classics are again in the Lua and this Giver tour somu is just beautiful it's very refined very restrained and you definitely get those waxy woolly notes that I really love number six is never restrained to be honest I don't drink many aromatic wines but for diversity's sake you should have some aromatic wines on your shelf and there are very few that are more aromatic than convers the perfume mutation of one of the oldest varietals in the world savanya it can be very easy to identify in a blind tasting because it really smells of roses and this one is beautiful with certain dishes especially with smelly cheeses like monster cheese for example are really aromatic curries for example one of the greatest producers in the world for this varietal is zint umbret and this is their closer uruba a great great side producing really intense rich and complex raminas that also retain their freshness so this one is fairly well balanced super aromatic of course but also refined and number seven of course Chardonnay there's no getting around Chardonnay when it comes to the most important grape varieties it's plant it basically everywhere and it can produce great wines most of the most expensive white wines in the world are actually made from the grape variety Chardonnay and there's a good reason for that Chardonnay tastes very different depending on where it's grown and you can do quite a lot with it in the cellar you can ferment it and age it in berries in small Oak barrels that add complexity intensity richness to the wine and the best chardonnays are usually fermented and aged in berik there was a time when people got bored with Chardonnay and there was this acronym ABC anything but Chardonnay but there's also ABC or born clima this wine reproduces great chardonnays and other grape varietals unfortunately the wine maker and owner Jim Clendenin just recently passed away but this is a wine that are really treasure it's the Sanford and Benedict chardonnay from the 2016 vintage it is Rich and complex but it's also fresh vibrant and it really makes your mouth water so this is what great Chardonnay should taste like let's move on to the Reds number eight Pinot Noir Pinot is amazing period it's one of the oldest but also most influential grape varieties and it produces some of the most desirable wines Pinot is there for you if you need some intellectual stimulation and if you want a wine that is not rich and concentrated but more refined and elegant Pinot is great with game beef or even salmon and it's usually more accessible to people who are not really into red wine because of its more polished round tenants unfortunately the best Pinot noirs are getting really expensive and I have this bottle of Bono de mattress Corton from the 2017 vintage on my shelf for a while one day I will open it but I need a special occasion for it you know that's not just something that you drink on a Tuesday evening number nine is the good old classic Bordeaux cuvine I was a bit sneaky here as I managed to fit three grape varieties into one spot Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot and Cabernet Franc are the most widely used bread grape varieties in Bordeaux and they are great Partners in a blend but okavis tend to be quite rich and concentrated with lots of tannins and lots of structure they are great for maturation so you can keep them for a long time and they can also be great matches with beef if you have like a medium fried Philly that is just a beautiful match they are available pretty much everywhere because they're also produced pretty much everywhere where there is wine but I really like this one large barge is one of those producers that are always enjoyed and this is from the 90s from 98 so this was a time when Bordeaux was still really Lively and fresh the alcohol level here is at 13 and this is one of of the classics I'm looking forward to open it maybe in tonight let's see number 10 is que sera Sira Sira is one of the greatest red grape varieties in the world but for some reason it's not really breaking through not for a lack of effort that's for sure and the ones can be really amazing and they are a bit wilder than Cabernet Sauvignon for example with notes of bacon olive tapenade and pepper I love to rub with aromatic meat dishes for example goat lamp or pigeon I'm right away in heaven if you put a glass of red Surah in front of me together with a grilled rack of lamp Hmm this is the 2015 Pietra sassy Surah from Santa Maria Valley this is just beautiful it combines The Ripe and intense fruit flavors with the spicy herbaceous tea and like pepper notes so there's just a lot going on in this wine and this is basically in the essence of Surah number can be an amazing grape variety if it's made in the right way it can produce silky smooth rich and high octane wines but it also has a slightly more structured more lively element to it it forms the blend of many of the Great wines along the Mediterranean Coast but it can also be vinified as a single variety and can produce outstanding wines today grenatch is also planted outside of Europe in Australia or in the US for example but I really like this one the 2019 Dido La Universal from monsante in Spain this is a wine for people who don't necessarily like very tannic wines but want concentration and richness while also getting some freshness and this is very cheap for what it it is so this is definitely a one that you can wall people with without spending a lot of money is nebioto in order to like nebiolo you definitely have to like tenants the YOLO can be one of the greatest grape varieties in the world the only reason why it's not more widely spread is I think because it only really grows well in Piedmont it produces light colored red ones that can be aged for decades because of the high level of tannins and acidity so you can just buy a case and forget about it for a long time great barolo and barbaresco is beautiful with Rich and greasy dishes because of the fact that the wines cuts through everything basically this one is LA carnova from barbaresco a region that was long regarded as second to barolo but today there are some really really amazing ones coming out of barbaresco and I think this is a great wine for its price it is fairly affordable and it's beautiful beautiful lucky number 13 is San Jose it is the king of Tuscany and probably the grape variety most associated with Italy it produces many average wines but also quite a lot of really amazing complex age-worthy wines that are great with food because Italians do everything with food on their minds you should drink Central with Pizza Pasta and tomato sauce or braised meat like wild boar for example and I really love this wine this is Beyondi Sandy's Brunello di Monta Chino one of the great Classics and this is an aged version It's the 2004 vintage a pretty good vintage as far as I remember and one day I will open this with some brace board that would be a good idea number 14 tempranio tempranio is the Spanish equivalent to San Jose it grows in lots of different places and it can produce great wines especially when aged in Oak the amazing thing about tempranillo from Spain is the fact that they often come out when they're ready to drink after a long period of Aging in barrels and in Bottle which is great because you don't have to store the stuff it's ready to drink I like to drink Temple new with grilled meat and another advantage of this wine is that it's usually fairly cheap this is one of the best Templar news there is I think from Rioja Vina tondonia Reserva the 2007 vintage and I think I paid 25 dollars for it cheap well maybe more like 30 35 US dollars but still pretty cheap for one of the best wines of its type and number 15 Port I don't think you need to have a lot of sweet wine on your wine rack but every now and then it's nice to open a bottle of sweet wine and I would recommend getting pot pot can be super complex super intense super interesting it's usually fairly affordable you get it in lots of different places and if you don't drink it it doesn't matter because it's basically indestructible I don't think that this 2015 Nippon vintage port will age as long as that other bottle but it's a beautiful wine today and it will definitely keep for a few more decades it goes really well with Rich blue cheese or chocolate desserts so you can play around with that or you just drink a glass to meditate at the end of the day alright I hope I give you some ideas of how to start your own wine collection I will put all of the ones in the description below this video and you can go out and buy those wines or follow the recommendation in your favorite wine shop around the corner I don't mind I hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which wine did I miss let me know Down Below in the comments as you surely will I hope I see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @JohnB-nq4js [1 likes]: Find a good daily drinker! I love Kirkland's Chianti Classico Reserva and it's $9.50 a bottle. I like looking at my Chateau Lafite Rothschild and Penfolds Grange but I can't afford to drink it every day/week/month!
  2. @Dwyane3MVP [1 likes]: Cool to see that La Ca' Növa Barbaresco featured. If you ever find yourself around Barbaresco then do stock up at the winery. They sell them at half the price you'll pay in your wine shop. Charming older gentleman. Not a word of English.
  3. @bf9436 [1 likes]: If my liver could survive it, I'd drink champagne or prosecco every day!!  I love both.  I also love Sekt - had some when I did a class on Bubbles of all kinds.  On another note, thank you for this video.  I have NO idea what wine to buy that would last more than a few years.  So thanks!
  4. @ryanwilday6518 [1 likes]: Nice list! I love Port, but my favorite dessert wine is Madeira. It's hard to get in the US (except crap US versions) and it always wows guests. Most have not had it. My favorite pair is plantains fried with honey and cinnamon. That goes well with the cinnamon and dried fruit notes of the Madeira. Plus, I love telling its history, which was helped along by the developing colonies in America.
  5. @kellycarter8082: A new viewer here.  I really appreciate how you move quickly through the material with conciseness, context, food ideas (even though I often drink wine standing alone), and breadth.  Much appreciated.
  6. @wysiwyg2489: You missed Malbec on this video, are there any recommendations?
  7. @BigBDad: Great list for the cellar and hard to limit to fifteen varietals.  Many new world wine drinkers can get stuck on single varietal bottlings, nothing wrong with that as you can learn grape characteristics and some special wines.  Don't overlook blends too.  Your Bordeaux for example had Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and another commonly blended red grape.  Blends can enhance complexity.
Bordeaux white (Sauvignon Blanc) I find more interesting with added a small amount of Semillon.  GSMs (Grenache, Syrah & Mourvèdre are always in my cellar.
I'm still having loads of fun exploring different varietals and various wine regions.
  8. @Brolnox: Nice video. For me Amarone (& Ripasso) are missing. Truly an amazing and unique style of wine that shouldn't be skipped.
  9. @Mark-qg8hm: I'm going to impress you by naming 15 kinds of wines.
  10. @rzkptgrgfz: Interesting but a bit too wide of a net. Some of your suggestions are acquired tastes (grenache ?) for people who have been drinking wine for over a decade. No Gamay from Beaujolais? Those are easy to match with food and cheap. Beaujolais is the ideal starter wine, with plenty of Villages to explore, some of which are extraordinary and still cheap like Brouilly or Morgon.
  11. @wyattelurch: Thanks KB. I'd add at least one southern Italian variety, Primitivo or Nero d'Avola for instance. Plus Amarone for its luscious "passito" grape handling. Salute!
  12. @emulvaney11: Really? No cabernet sauvignon? I see you also gave a shoutout to Santa Barbara in another video, but I have yet to see you open a bottle of Napa cab from the Rutherford region. By far my favorite wine. The growers at Round Pond are a good place to start. They have several cabs at multiple price points, which makes for an interesting tasting.
  13. @humanmask: Man... I will be an alcoholic 🤣 this wine world is too amazing and interesting for me...
  14. @xzysyndrome: I'm a bourbon guy....shopping for my Mom. I used to go to Wine and More and pick the coolest label...then it occurred to me....that is not how I shop for bourbon. I research, possibly taste, and go most certainly for a bottle. I don't like wine....but this has been kinda cool. Domaine de Villaine Rully Les Champs Cloux Rouge has stuck out as a good wine...french wines confuse the hell out of me. I'm down with the Barefoot Merlot lol.
  15. @1240enzo: As an Australian (Tasmanian) who very much loves wine, I work in the wine industry), not only do I have access to a lot of premium Tasmanian wines, I have always tried to maintain a select wine cellar based largely around premium Australian aged wines but as well some select French, Italian and NZ wines. The cornerstone of my cellar includes a ‘83 Penfolds Grange Hermitage, as well as ‘96 and 98 Bin 389s, 407s etc. In addition to this there are some Premier cru Bordeaux’s and NZ Pinots. Fundamentally, I collect and mostly enjoy red wine eg. Pinot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Bordeaux blend (Merlot, Cab Sav and Cab Franc).  

Mind you of course there are some sparkling wines in the cellar, let alone the drink now rack.
  16. @John-wx2ce: Agreed — What I would add: a Chardonnay variant like Chablis,(preferred) or Pouilly-Fuisse or Pouilly-Fume, Sauvignon variant Chenin Blanc, a Good Beaujolais like Morgon, Southern Rhone — CDP or Vacqueres, Sauternes, Sangiovese variant Brunello de Montalcino, Malbec from Mendoza (the only new world wine I really like) and finally a nice sherry like Pedro Ximenez. 

Like you said, it’s a bottomless barrel.
  17. @LZimmermann52: Lieber Konstantin such doch für Deine Zuschauer neue interessante Gegenden und Produzenten aus. Ich trinke seit Jahren keinen Bordeaux mehr, weil die ganzen prämierten Weingüter viel zu wenig fürs Geld liefern.🎉😂
  18. @LZimmermann52: Ein Weinsammler muss bereits in jungen Jahren eine Menge Geld haben, damit er seine Sammlung im fortgeschrittenen Alter genießen kann.😂
  19. @rcdelgado1027: Un poco Eurocentric esto eh? Se le olvidó un buen Malbec o un buen Carmenere. O sea, se le olvidó a Sud América. Esta bien, no importa. Un buen video y buen tipo. Nosotros seguimos con lo nuestro.
  20. @mondaynice3906: Imma turn on "Entry of Gladiators" soundtrack when drink all these and getting sober, cool experience i guess. (My maxium is 10 - I highly recommened max 14 bottles rather 15 to get roll out of the street)

- 5 BUDGET-FRIENDLY Wines Perfect for Long-Term Cellaring: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnesa from no sediment and today let's talk about five wines that can age beautifully without leaving you broke this video was inspired by one of my recent videos where I tasted a hundred-year-old wine I will leave the link below and many of you commented that you cannot afford to drink aged wines well my 100-year-old boal Madera was definit Ely an extravagant purchase the truth is there are wines that age beautifully yet for some reason they do not get the hype and the good thing is that their prices remain reasonable what is even more exciting is that the regions we are going to explore are not something obscure rare or unknown but let's keep this video our little secret and jump to the wines that you can actually buy with age or buy and seller her without leaving you broke when I first started to think about this topic muscadet was one of the first wines that popped in my mind as a great age-worthy option that will not break the bank in fact many white wines came to my mind and it was actually a white wine that inspired this video so why not start with one muscadet proves that you don't necessarily need elevated alcohol or elevage in Oak barrels for a wine to be be able to withstand test of time these wines have high mouthwatering acidity and are aged on their leaves both of which help them stay fresh and Lively for years some producers even age their musket on leaves for 10 years or more for example domain oor origin made from 70-year-old wines and aged for seven years under the Le I recently found discounted under €20 can you imagine even after after the release these wines can be happily selled in your wine fridge or storage for another 10 years this wine comes from C Grand appalation but there are many more great examples available from better known musar seet main I have mentioned famil Leo in other videos but look also for Pierre luno papon and domain Bon all great value and top quality [Music] producers I simply could not make this video without mentioning Baux now for some of you the initial reaction would be but you promised fair prices and I did the problem with Baux is that it is home to so many epic names that sometimes they can overshadow the actual regular affordable options well-made Bordeaux Reds can easily age for 10 and more years without costing fortune and here is where it gets interesting we are taught to buy Bordeaux early before it is even bottled to get the best prices but in reality classic well-made Crew boura wines from back vintage will not break the bank in fact if you had bought some as an investment adding all that storage cost you might actually lose money but what is true though is that these wines can age and age beautifully I wanted to highlight ChatOn may as a great example but somehow it has gained popularity and a high high price during the last few years however I recently tasted their 2,000 vintage and it was absolutely at its peak that said I also enjoy chat de and chat the lot being from mul L where I have worked for two harvests and if you feel that you can spare a bit more sh cro still offers Great Value but don't forget to explore the roads less traveled like satellite appellations Monon laand as well as from Sak one of my favorite discoveries has been the paj do located closer to the ocean in badan Northern Bordeaux where the maritim influence adds a unique touch another absolute classic that for many of you would not be a surprising choice is rioa the truth is despite constantly releasing some of the highest quality wines the price range remains relatively low even certain labels from some of the top Estates remain quite affordable think of via bosconia from Lopez De Heredia which here in Europe sells for around €25 it is usually released between 5 to 6 years of age and you can still seller it further if you wish to similarly REM yui always delivers high quality and regularly spoils us with releases of back vintages while some of their wines can be quite expensive of course thei Reserva 2016 released at 8 years of age is priced around 20 to30 and for sure can age another eight in your wine storage and these are just well-known loved and established names consider exploring options like bodegas OST Reserva made from high altitude tempano or looking Beyond tempano to garnacha based wines a great example is Navar sotillo maj bendi back vintages you can find for around 20 EUR and more recent vintages you can for sure sell her for another 10 years one of True Values of rioa wines is that they are still released with quite impressive age so it is not uncommon to buy 10-year-old wine directly from this state therefore being truly certain about the cering conditions and quality of the wine we should Savor this luxury while it lasts I suppose it might not not always be the case another quite obvious choice isn't it yet I feel I don't talk about malbeck enough it is such a great great variety while it is part of the Cabernet Family malbeck actually can be very distinct in style in a way we are almost circling back to berau where malbeck was once widely planted before the devastating Frost of 1956 wiped out much of it however since then it has found its principal home in Argentina closer to Sun and thrives there malbe there is responsible for great wines full of color packed with ripe black and blue fruits and what I like the most elegant hints of florals these wines are big and opulent but often maintain a fresh acidity driven core especially when sourced from higher elevation Vineyards one such wine is a malaja Malbec sourced from some of the highest Vineyards in the world in selta Province great tension that will give wine a good selling potential for those who prefer more power AAL farer shines with their single Vineyard malbecks though their Mendoza malbeck is surprisingly affordable I have been lucky enough to taste some of their back vintages and they absolutely did not disappoint the only two risks with malbeck are that it is quite affordable making these wines an easy target for for opening before the bottles have gathered enough dust and they taste amazing when young as well and with this entry we are returning back home Portugal Portugal is a great place to Source wines you can have full bodied and richly textured whites fresh and zesty low alcohol whites fortified wines that can age for decades and beautiful Lively fruit driven Reds that can also be selled today I wanted to Spotlight still red wines of Doo one of the most breathtakingly beautiful wine making regions of Europe without a doubt no one can argue about the quality of it still red wines anymore just look at the decer world wine Awards 2024 and you have 47 daugh red wines scored 90 points and higher these are platinums Golds and silver we are talking about now I'm not saying that all of these wines are meant for long-term seling some are just meant to be enjoyed Young And while still full of fruit however Kint NOA not to be confused with Kint Don noal makes wines that can age beautifully still holding fruit and structure after 10 to 15 years neport as a producer is always great choice offering both high quality and availability you can look for more affordable labels like redoma or Splurge for higher end labels like charm I also want to highlight Kint do castellaras their Reserva priced at under €20 is packed with energy needed to spend that time in the sellers for decade offering Great Value and joy for years to come let me know in the comments what are your great value wines that can age and while you are creating your wine collection make sure to watch my other video about five essential wine storage tips

  Top Comments:
  1. @dangareau3143 [2 likes]: Agree 100% with Rioja. Have had my fare share of Muga and I can tell you almost have to age them to get the best out of it. Fabulous wines and easily affordable. Great video once again.
  2. @TheBaseCase [2 likes]: 2005 Mollydooker The Boxer and Two Left Feet, 2007 Ruffino Modus.
  3. @brettk9316 [1 likes]: Great video! Very insightful! OOHHHH and  ROCK ON!
  4. @lawrencemiller8198 [1 likes]: I really like your wine videos 😊
  5. @og-og8vf [1 likes]: Thank you so much for Al you knowledge it is always appreciated. I also love your dog!!! 🙏❤️🐶
  6. @rorygoodden3845 [1 likes]: So much fun watching your show, thank you, nice educational content 🇨🇦🍷
  7. @carlcadregari7768 [1 likes]: No Chenin 😢😢😢.
  8. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: I’ve been over looking Portugal lately.... I need to try Malbec again some of the less intense... Love your vids!
  9. @RogerB-is-me [1 likes]: appreciate the budget friendly recommendations.... with the price of everything these days some 'value' priced wines are great to hear about.
  10. @tommasotrognacara5354 [1 likes]: Montefalco Sagrantino (or Montefalco area in general) is quite overlooked and still affordable. Only warning, be a tannins lover (as in the best Italian tradition)😅
  11. @harlanabraham7772 [1 likes]: Not a fan of French wine.  Malbec from Argentina is pretty good.  Mostly like Italian wine.  Like dry wine.
  12. @sergiopaulino859 [1 likes]: Wine can age Douro Quinta do Vale Meão .
  13. @MrMmmooose [1 likes]: I'd like to add my endorsement to Moulis, as well.  And, in particular, I love Poujeaux, which I can consistently find for $30.  And which ages well for decades.
  14. @WarmanKadex: ada yang merek Bartel
  15. @WarmanKadex: akohol nya berapa saes
  16. @PabloMaturana-l6v: No Chilean wines? Yeah you surely are a wine expert, this is a bias review
  17. @garganega: In the wine industry we say just drink it. We'll make more.
  18. @AndreyRitenberger: I think, today it is still possible to find an Amarone for 40 Euro, which can age for a quite long period of time...
  19. @אסףבר-ל7ר: Japan by Food 😊 channel
  20. @satendrayadav4076: You are beautiful but daru peena chod do😂😂

- 6 Affordable Wines for Expensive Taste: Kind: captions Language: en in the world of wine cus is famous it's on high-end restaurant menus everywhere and even casual wine drinkers recognize the name but fun fact cus is just the Crown Jewel of the Wagner family of wines yep the folks behind that famous cab have a whole line of fantastic wines that won't break the bank and if you want to learn more about the Wagner family and their history in Napa Valley visit the link in the description so let's pop a cork and learn about some wines that are made by the same people that make Kus so let's start off with Bonanza Cabernet Savon this cab was created by Chuck Wagner who started Camus Vineyards with his parents it's made from grapes sourced from Vineyard sites that show the true Bonanza of California the result is a luscious red wine filled with flavors of dark berries some chocy notes and silky tannins you know and love from cus it's perfect for any meal any night of the week super drinkable for something a bit more playful you'll want to try conundrum red it's a red blend with a ton of rich flavors you'll get some chocolate covered cherries berries even some Plum this is a complex but easy to drink red wine if you're into something that's a little bit fruit forward with a touch of sweetness at the end this is the one for you you'll want to serve this one slightly chilled it will really enhance those fruit flavors meat came suon the walking pool this is a new red blend made by Jenny Wagner Chuck Wagner's daughter it's named after her great great grandfather who who traveled the Napa Valley by foot in this wine you'll really get some juicy raspberry flavors with a hint of cranberry tartness at the end and for a family that's really known for their red wines this is a fantastic value now let's talk about sea Sun Pino Noir this is the only Pino Noir on our list and it's sourced from Premier coastal regions across California the Cool Breeze of the Pacific Ocean balanced with the warmth of the sun create ideal conditions for an extended growing season resulting in a wine that caters to a spectrum of pallettes it's a soft easy drinking wine that has Lush raspberries cherries and even some vanilla to it it also has some grippy tannins and a finish that is as smooth as milk chocolate and you'll want to pair this one with barbecue straight off the grill it is delicious next we have meret Chardonnay if you prefer a white this is the one for you made in Montery County the extended growing season brings out intense flavors pink custard toasted almond Rich fruits and a touch of citrus this chardonay has delicate flavors of honeydew Honeysuckle and even some lemon Blossom from nearby lemong Groves so I'd love to drink this solo but if you're going to pair it with food go for something on the Lighter Side think chicken or fish if I'm craving a crisp white wine I am reaching for a molo Savon Blanc and it's even better because it is a screw cap they Source the grapes from this wine from from two different valleys Napa Valley and the suon valley which gives the wine a bright minerality and a balanced acidity this is truly a vibrant California Savon Blanc you're going to get flavors of grapefruit and lime Z us this wine is really great for any warm summer day you can drink it by the pool the beach honestly the options are endless so there you have it a lineup of fantastic wines all from the Wagner family with that same signature cus quality so whether it's a special occasion or just a Tuesday night there is a Wagner wine for you and if you got a little thirsty you can pick up all these wines at your local ABC or online at abcfws.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @romnygonzalez439: Excellent wine recommendations! In the stores we are suggesting our customers to try the Sonoma Highway Cabernet Sauvignon and Pinot Noir. Fantastic value under $ 20
  2. @gargantuared500: Surprised you didn't mention the Conundrum White.  It is like a chameleon and adapts to whatever you're eating.

- How to Choose Good Wine (Every Time): Kind: captions Language: en Good day avenous adventurers and welcome back&nbsp; to Bottleshock. I'm Brendan. Let's be honest,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've all been there. You walk into a bottle&nbsp; shop, you're just there for a quick look and bam,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're hit with the wall of wine. Hundreds,&nbsp; maybe thousands of bottles staring back at you.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a literal wall of anxiety. You've&nbsp; got French names you can't pronounce,&nbsp;&nbsp; grapes you've never even heard of, and the sinking&nbsp; feeling that you are about to spend 25 bucks on&nbsp;&nbsp; something that you'll hate. Well, today that ends.&nbsp; We're tearing down that wall. This isn't about&nbsp;&nbsp; memorizing a thousand facts. This is your new&nbsp; foolproof battle plan for walking into any wine&nbsp;&nbsp; store and walking out with a bottle that you're&nbsp; genuinely excited to drink. No more guesswork.&nbsp;&nbsp; No more paralysis by analysis. This is how you&nbsp; choose a good bottle of wine. Let's get into it. Now, first things first, let's get one crucial&nbsp; thing straight. The definition of a good wine is&nbsp;&nbsp; a wine you like to drink. That's it. Forget about&nbsp; the 95 point scores. Forget what some fancy critic&nbsp;&nbsp; said and forget about the price tag. The goal is&nbsp; to find what makes your taste buds happy and walk&nbsp;&nbsp; out of that place feeling good about a lighter&nbsp; hit pocket. So, our whole mission is to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick bottles that have a higher chance&nbsp; of being your new favorite. Are you ready for&nbsp;&nbsp; the plan? It's a simple three-step strategy. Step&nbsp; one, know your mission and your money. Before you&nbsp;&nbsp; even look at a bottle, ask yourself two questions.&nbsp; One, what's the mission? Are you grabbing a cheap&nbsp;&nbsp; and cheerful bottle for a Tuesday night pizza on&nbsp; the couch? Or are you going to a dinner party and&nbsp;&nbsp; want something to share? Or are you trying to&nbsp; impress the new in-laws on a special occasion?&nbsp;&nbsp; The mission dictates everything. It immediately&nbsp; answers question number two. What is your budget?&nbsp;&nbsp; Be honest with yourself. There are fantastic&nbsp; wines at 20 bucks and there's fantastic wine&nbsp;&nbsp; at 80 bucks. Knowing that you're on a pizza&nbsp; night mission means that you can confidently&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on the $15 to $25 price range and ignore&nbsp; most of the fancy stuff. Mission and money first.&nbsp;&nbsp; That alone clears about 80% of the noise. Step&nbsp; two, think in vibes, not just variety. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know your mission and you know your budget.&nbsp; Now, what kind of style of vibe are you feeling?&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of getting hung up on, do I want a truso&nbsp; or do I want a tempano? Think in broader, simpler&nbsp;&nbsp; terms like for reds. Are you in the mood for light&nbsp; and juicy? Think pino or gamma. These are vibrant,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresh, and super versatile with food. Or do you&nbsp; want big and bold? This is your classic Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cabernet, Sevenon, or Malbec, which is a total&nbsp; cheat code by the way. Malbeck. Seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's rich, it's powerful, and a perfect match&nbsp; for a steak or a hardy meal. For whites,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you want? Do you want crisp and zesty?&nbsp; You're looking for Savonol Blanc Rezling or&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinegrigio. These are your mouthwatering,&nbsp; refreshing sort of just squeezed a lemon&nbsp;&nbsp; type wines. Or do you want rich and creamy?&nbsp; This is the world of oak Chardonnay or Vion,&nbsp;&nbsp; fullerbodied with flavors of butter, vanilla, and&nbsp; baked apple. Just having one of those, I guess,&nbsp;&nbsp; four vibes in your head is a massive advantage.&nbsp; It gives you a clear target to hunt for. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point, you're pretty much 90% of the way.&nbsp; So, on to step three, a quick label recon. You've&nbsp;&nbsp; got your mission, you got your budget, and you got&nbsp; your vibe. Now, you're looking at the bottles. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't need to read every word. Seriously, just do&nbsp; a quick 10-second recon. And I mean literally 10&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds. And the biggest clue on the label,&nbsp; the region. Here's a simple cheat code. Hot&nbsp;&nbsp; places tend to make ripe, bold, powerful wines.&nbsp; And cool places tend to make lighter, zippier,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresher wines. Think about it like a Shiraz&nbsp; from our warmer climate, Barasa Valley here&nbsp;&nbsp; in Australia. It's going to be big. It's going to&nbsp; be a bold fruit bomb likely. There are exceptions&nbsp;&nbsp; to this rule. A sav from the cool Lir Valley in&nbsp; France. It'll be zesty, mineral driven, and crisp.&nbsp;&nbsp; This one clue can tell you so much about the style&nbsp; in the bottle, but also to help you optimize. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to fine-tune your choice, you can&nbsp; actually mix and match. If you want Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you don't want it to be that heavy, try Ron&nbsp; Valley in France or South Africa. We love you,&nbsp;&nbsp; South Africa. Okay, you've done the steps, but&nbsp; you're still stuck between two bottles. It's time&nbsp;&nbsp; to deploy the secret weapon. My number one can't&nbsp; fail ultimate hack for choosing a good wine. Talk&nbsp;&nbsp; to the bottle shop staff. Seriously, these people&nbsp; taste wine and talk about wine all day. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; likely your only bottle of wine that you're&nbsp; buying for the week, but this is their 100th&nbsp;&nbsp; for the day. They are your greatest resource.&nbsp; Don't be intimidated. Just use the information&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've already gathered. Walk up and say,&nbsp; "Hey, I'm looking for a crisp and zesty white&nbsp;&nbsp; wine for a seafood dinner around about the 25 buck&nbsp; mark. I usually like Savon Blanc, but want to try&nbsp;&nbsp; something different. What can you recommend?"&nbsp; Boom. You've just given them everything they&nbsp;&nbsp; need to find you the perfect bottle. and you sound&nbsp; like you know what you want and you get an expert&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendation. It is a total win-win. And that's&nbsp; the plan. It's that simple. One, know your mission&nbsp;&nbsp; and your money. Two, pick the vibe. Three, do&nbsp; some quick label recon. And if all else fails,&nbsp;&nbsp; use your secret open. Talk to the staff. The&nbsp; more you do it, the easier it gets. Now, pro tip,&nbsp;&nbsp; snap a photo of the label of the wines you love&nbsp; and the ones that you hate. That's how you build&nbsp;&nbsp; your own taste profile. The best way to learn&nbsp; about wine isn't by reading about it. It's by&nbsp;&nbsp; literally drinking it. So get out there, start&nbsp; exploring, and if you really want to turn it up,&nbsp;&nbsp; join our Discord and post the wines that you like&nbsp; on there. You will find an amazing community of&nbsp;&nbsp; people willing to help you expand your choices.&nbsp; And if this helped you conquer the wall of wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; give this video a huge like and subscribe for&nbsp; more tips. And please join our amazing community&nbsp;&nbsp; on Discord and tell us what awesome bottle you&nbsp; discovered this week. Link below. Cheers. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @grzegorzmajewski. [2 likes]: I've been enjoying wine for almost 25 years and always used the same method - If the picture on the label makes me smile, i reach for the bottle. It never failed me.
  2. @kuppyify [1 likes]: Super solid framework, thanks for sharing.
  3. @kauymatty841 [1 likes]: Love the video. Completely agree. I think wine should be a fun thing that anyone can and should enjoy! Like some art, I feel it's sometimes shrouded in mystery or gate kept a bit by people who are also learning. Will be sharing this with my friends!
  4. @AugushteSteiff [1 likes]: I recommend using an app - just take a picture of the lable and you get a review as well as a recommendation if it fits ti wines you liked before. For me it works everywhere. Abroad, Supermarkets and also Restaurants. Also if you dont know the specifics of a certain region or country.
  5. @cdeford2: Only the last point will give a newb a clue what to buy.
  6. @MerlinMoorlo: I cant find good wine under 30 bucks. Its impossible. Horrible taste. Just horrible.
  7. @estuchedepeluche2212: What never fails to me is going to Trader Joe’s in the US of A
  8. @AdamTulodziecki: Dobre jest tanie wino, bo jest dobre i tanie
  9. @bartonseagrave9605: I can turn wine into water hic,,,,,,
  10. @richardmore943: You forgot the key hack.  Bottle weight and punt depth.  If the winemaker can convince the marketing people that his wine deserves a decent bottle, buy it.  And avoid garish attention grabbing labels
  11. @RyuandKen01: You're doing the Lord's work! 
Blessed are the cheesemakers (winemakers)...
  12. @urbanevintner105: My rule of thumb in any cellar; pick the dustiest bottle. The one that's been there the longest.
  13. @sbIvanov: Can yuo make that vibe cheat sheet so I can print it and put that in my wallet + the  lable codes :)
  14. @graemefenwick6925: My tip, avoid fancy labels.  Anything that needs a full colour parrot or butterfly to sell it, is not great wine.
  15. @ekhaatgooglefacebooken: We love you too, Australia!
  16. @MadeleineMontague: Alas! I live in Sweden, with state-owned liquor stores and a clientele that is as a babe in arms when it comes to wine. It happens all too often that liquor store staff do not know wines here. I was recommended a Rinuite in one store ("it's very popular") when I asked for a light, nuanced, dry red. I'll just have to learn myself, dammit.
  17. @jasonkrick1614: There is no such thing as ‘good wine’. 

What you may like. Someone else may loathe. 

Non wine example?  I absolutely hate figs. The taste, texture, flavor. Everything about it. My wife? Loves them.
  18. @glenbelson5485: Buy from Vinmofo. Great prices, choices and have never been disappointed. Forget Dan's etc.
  19. @GR-qz8fx: cool, so to implement this, i need to know what grape varietals comprise the "four vibes" and i need to have deep geographical knowledge of wine producing regions wrt temperature conditions ("hot" countries can have cold microclimates and vice versa). it's so simple!
  20. @DavidMcCluskey-o5j: Pointed, brief and informative and a great help. Thank you.

- Who Are Some Famous Wine Collectors Around the World? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Who are some famous wine collectors around the world? Have you ever wondered who the most passionate wine collectors are around the globe? These individuals not only have a love for wine, but also invest significantly in rare and valuable bottles. Let's take a closer look at some of these remarkable collectors and what makes their collection stand out. One notable figure is Hardy Rodentock, a German wine connoisseur known for his impressive collection of old and rare wines. He gained fame for acquiring the famous Jefferson bottles, which are believed to date back to the 18th century. One of these bottles, a 1787 Chat Rothschild, was thought to have belonged to Thomas Jefferson and sold for $156,000. However, the authenticity of these bottles is still a topic of debate, adding an air of mystery to his legacy. Another prominent collector is Bill Cotch, an American billionaire with a keen interest in fine wines. His collection includes some of the rarest wines in the world and has been involved in high-profile lawsuits over counterfeit wines, particularly against Hardy Rodentock. Caulox's dedication to preserving fine wines has made him a significant figure in the wine community. Andrew Lloyd Weber, the famous English composer, is also a distinguished wine collector. He developed a serious interest in wine as a teenager. Influenced by his family, his collection features exceptional French wines, including First Growth Bordeaux and Domain Da Roman Ki. Weber has sold large portions of his collection at auctions, generating millions of dollars, showcasing both the quality and value of his holdings. Other notable collectors include Gene Mulvyhill, Michelle Jack Shassi, Leslie Rudd, Yel Briner, Doris Duke, Charlie Troder, and Rudy Kernowen. Each of these individuals has made unique contributions to the world of wine collecting, whether through amassing rare vintages or promoting wine culture. These collectors often focus on wines from prestigious vineyards, rare vintages, and historically significant bottles. Their collections may include ultra rare bottles like Chatau Dem from 1900, Chatau Shioval Blank from 1947 and Domain Da Roman Ki which are highly sought after by enthusiasts worldwide. From a wine perspective, these collectors play an important role in preserving wine heritage and supporting the market. They inspire others to appreciate the artistry and history behind fine wines. Their collections often requiring specialized storage conditions such as climate controlled sellers to maintain the wines's quality over time. Famous wine collectors like Hardy Rodentock, Bill Cotch and Andrew Lloyd Weber have shaped the culture of wine collecting through their passion and expertise. Their stories highlight the blend of history, luxury and the enduring appeal of fine wine.

- Top 10 World's Most Exclusive Wine Collections | The Billionaire's Beat |: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the enchanting world of billionaires beat today we will cross through the rarest wine collections encompassing various wine spanning countries vintages varietal and price ranges before we delve into the distinct preferences manifested in wine selections and the preferred wine producers subscribe and enable notifications for the latest updates many collectors are enticed by The Thrill of the Chase and the prospect of possessing something scarce valuable or utterly unique the appreciation of Fine Wines over time Fine Wines often escalate in value as they age owing to their unique qualities that necessitate Decades of maturation to achieve a remarkable complexity the record-breaking world of wine starting up with number seven is the chevel black regarded as an unparalleled Bordeaux vintage the chevel black 1947 is a pinnacle among wine enthusiasts a defining moment occurred in 2010 when a private collector procured it during a christe's auction in Geneva for 304,000 $375 its remarkable quality stems from the unique climatic conditions 1947 contributing to its dense structure and rendering it irreplicable with an Exquisite blend of Plum and blackberry flavors this vintage boasts an aromatic bouquet featuring hints of vanilla Oak and Earth speaking of the most expensive wine from the USA at number six Screaming Eagle Cabernet s in 2000 a charity wine auction in Napa Valley California saw the elegant Screaming Eagle Cabernet snon 1992 fetch a staggering $500,000 renowned for its opaque purple Hue and exquisite Blackberry notes this Napa Cabernet boasts a delightful blend of toasty Oak vanilla and M Aromas this wine undergo Aging in 60% new Oak solidifying its position among the esteemed category of cult California wines held in the highest Estee within the industry our list drops to number five oldest wine in existence today domain D Roman kti 1945 in 2018 the record-breaking sale of the domain Villar romane kti 1945 marked it as the most expensive bottle of wine ever sold acquired by an esteemed Asian collector at a su's auction in New York the price tag reached an impressive $558,000 with a limited production of merely 600 bottles during its vintage year only a handful remain today solidifying its reputation as the celebrated unicorn vintage The Vineyards of Dom de la Roman County have long been esteemed for their unparal pared standard in crafting top tier burgundi wines moving on to number four oldest wine on the market 1796 lenux madira discovered in 2015 at the Liberty Hall Museum part of the Keem University campus in New Jersey the 1796 linox madira is the oldest wine available today these madira bottles were hidden behind a plastered over wall in the cellar presumably during the prohibition era in the sale held on December 7th 2018 the pricing of a quart bottle of 1796 linox madira spanned from $ 6,738 to1 5,925 the christe's catalog highlights that the wine was brought into the country by Robert Lenox Esquire through Philadelphia in 1796 and was bottled during the summer of 1798 an additional note specifies that underwent rebottling in June 1888 at number three the most expensive wine the catho marug 1787 bottle is renowned for bearing the initials of Thomas Jefferson the third president of the United States regrettably this exceptional wine remained undrinkable and unsellable due to an unfortunate incident where a waiter accidentally toppled it causing the bottle to shatter into fragments although initially appraised by Sum at approximately $500,000 the insurers eventually compensated only $225,000 thus solidifying its status as the most valuable unsold bottle the 1787 Chateau Marcos is valued at $225,000 at number two a notable SES auction in Hong Kong in 2010 three bottles of the highly elusive cateau Lafite 1869 vintage were each sold for an astonishing $230,000 originally projected to fetch a mere $8,000 per bottle the unexpected surge in demand left auctioneers astounded as bidding escalated to unprecedented Heights the trio of bottles found their new owner in an anonymous buyer hailing from Asia cementing the reputation and Alger of this luxurious and sought-after wine lastly at number one the 2000 and four penfolds block 42 kma Cabernet sodon ampool is the rarest wine on the market with just 12 ampols released in 2012 originating from the barasa valley block 42 has enjoyed limited releases by penfolds since 1953 adding to its elusive nature the Wine's Exquisite craftsmanship and intricate details further Elevate its exclusivity each ampool was priced at $168 $1,000 Australian dollars roughly equivalent to Canadian Dollars this pricing was explicitly chosen to symbolize the 168e legacy of penfolds in the wine making industry thanks for embarking on this captivating Journey Through the realm of Fine Wines exploring unique rare collections remember to like share and subscribe for more exclusive wine insights cheers until next time

- Michel Chasseuil: The Man Behind a 50M€ Wine Cellar | FULL DOCUMENTARY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In my 20ies, I started taking a few bottles of wine from my parents seller because back then in those days we mostly drank cider. We didn't know about all the gruid such as Petruse, which in fact at the turn of the century people would drink while out hunting on Sunday mornings. It really shows how much things have changed. I'd go and buy a few bottles of Burgundy, but at the time the quality wasn't great. People would say to me, "Why are you going to Burgundy to get booze? I went to do my military service in Strasburg." I was 20 at the time. When I was on leave, I stopped by in Paris. My father, who'd served in the military and was passionate about aviation, would tell me stories about pioneers like me and Giname. I started to think that maybe I could see myself working at DU. So I went to the personnel office and that's when I discovered the world of aviation and its secrets. I would take clients out to restaurants to maintain good relationships and boost airplane sales. That's when I started ordering fine wines at these top restaurants and that's where I learned about the GR crew with the help of the Sumelier who introduced me to the Medor and Santi Gr. After a fall in sales of the Rafal airplane, the company decided to offer a severance package with a bonus to a number of employees. They told me, "You're not going to have a big pension. Leaving your job at 47 means you won't get much when you retire." And that's when I realized I should invest my severance package and part of my bonus into wine. Here I'm unpacking a box of Chat Petruse Magnums. individual. I keep them in individual cases so no one knows what they are. If people realize it's Petru, they could get stolen. Given their value, there's at least 200,000 worth in here. Here I'm unpacking a double magnum. You have to be able to prove the bottles are authentic. So, you can't open the cases. I remember when I was around 15 or 16, he would scour auction rooms for rare and valuable bottles. But he often struggled financially to afford even a few of them. 5,1502 5,200 50 5,250 5,300. Sometimes he would end up taking my savings, the money I'd received as gifts from my grandparents and parents over the past 15 years. He came to see me one evening and he said, "I had to take your savings. I'm sorry, but I'll pay you back later. Don't worry." 6,200 6,300 sold for 6,300. 200074. Listen, I've got a rooster. I'm very proud of the fact that the rooster is France's emblem. Because you see, this rooster will fight to the death. It'll peck at my calves and attack me with its spurs. I sometimes fight it off with my rake, but it never gives in. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28oo I have a wine celler that's 28 m long by 6 m wide. No wonder it took 3,000 concrete blocks and five or six pallets of cement. Plus, to reinforce the cellar, we added 50 cm of surface covering on top of the reinforced concrete slabs with ventilation shafts. That means there's no air conditioning. The natural temperature ranges from 8° in the winter to 15° in the summer. When I was younger, his passion was all consuming. My father also had a second home that we were always fixing up during holidays and weekends. He didn't always have a lot of time to spend with me. We hardly ever went on holiday. We had to focus on renovating the house, expanding the cellar, and buying bottles to keep growing the collection. Good. Come on, boy. If you can hear me. Hi, Mr. Rooster. So here we are in my personal cellar. We have all kinds of wines. Bordeaux, Burgundy, Shaton, Dup, some from Crimea as well as Serns. There are some large bottles such as Magnums, Double Magnums, Jerry Bowms, Imperials, Methuselas, Salmanazars, basically the whole range of large-siz bottles. This is for my friends and family for when I host dinner parties. And over there, that dark spot, that's the dungeon for troublemakers. I was told one day you're going to get attacked. Oh, I was joking. By the way, it's not a dungeon. It's where I keep the secret for curve. This is where I make a sort of pen sha. Let's go and check it out together. The nectar. This small dungeon is actually where I make my only cur sort of pino. So here's the nectar in question. A little gem. These liquors were made by Mushui who died a few years ago. He crafted 33 different varieties using ingredients like holly, slow, rowan, elderberry, truffle, and even garlic. Do you know what's in this case? It's quantro from Guring. This case came all the way from Germany. A case of 12 bottles of quantro. And someday I'll give it a taste. They say that after 70 years it develops a different flavor like the chhatros from Teragona. Hallelujah. Even share us. Here's the complete Petrus collection, ranging from 1945 to today. There's one bottle on display and another in the case. The oldest ones are from 1914, 1928, and 1934. And here you've got them in 12 bottle cases. from 1971 onward. In the 1980s, before the famous Titanic film, I went to an auction in Versailles where they had bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac and Mari Bizar that was served on the Titanic. The bidding started at 300 Franks, then 400 Franks, and no one seemed interested. I put up my hand, and just like that, I won 10 gold flake marriage bottles. Everyone in the room was laughing. But after the Titanic movie hit the Shaniliz, the Mari Brisar company called me and said, "We would like to buy your Goldflake Mari Brisar bottle for €10,000." And at that auction, there were also bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac. None of the restaurant owners who were there for the Gong wines showed any interest in the cognac. So I put up my hand and asked if I could get one or two bottles. My friend said, "Grab both. You can sell one to pay for the other." I was low on cash, so I went with two bottles. And that's how I ended up with Napoleon's personal bottles from 1805 from the chat deontl. One day, I got a call from Mr. Shamuti, a brandy producer from Ukraine. He'd heard of me and seen me online and he wanted to invite me to his estate for a 50-year-old brandy tasting. To us, brandy is what we call cognac. During that visit, I met someone who said, "You have bottles from Napoleon's cellar, but I have one from Hitler's cellar." He said, "After the war, while the French were taking the silverware, we raided Hitler's Eagle's Nest and found this bottle. My great-grandfather had it. I asked him how much he earned each month. And he said, " $150." I told him, "Listen, if you find the bottle, I'll pay you a month's salary." So the next day, he came back to the hotel with the bottle, which had a photo of Hitler from 1942. It was a gift Hitler had given to his officers. Here you have a complete collection of EKM from 1900 to 2014 with one bottle for each year. I also keep a second bottle of each in reserve in case we need to recondition any of the bottles. And here's the incredibly rare 1811, which sold for $100,000 in Hong Kong a decade ago. The 1811, 1847, and 1921 are the three most sought after bottles from the last two centuries. Finding all three together is quite a feat. Well, here are the renowned Roman Conti bottles. I have about 40 different bottles with one case per year from 1971 onward. The highlight is the 1945 which went for $500,000 at Christiey's auction in Geneva. Not too long ago, when I bought this bottle in the 80s, it cost me 3 months salary, 115,000 Franks. I never dreamed it would someday be worth $450,000. Early one morning, I got a call. Hello, Mr. Chass. Yes, speaking. This is the principality of Monaco. His highness would like to visit your collection. I thought it was a joke. I said, "Cut it out." I figured it was just a friend playing a prank, but they assured me. No, no, no. I'm Colonel Franon the butler. This is very serious. I had heard from various sources that there was a collector in France gaining some recognition. I thought I'd check if it was possible to meet him. He agreed to meet with me and the small delegation that I brought along. I had a rough idea of his appearance, but he was much shorter than I had imagined. The prince came to see my collection. We were cataloging everything, and I could see he was genuinely bowled over. The experience was astonishing on many levels. The more we explored the seller, the rarer and more incredible the bottles became. I wanted to get his autograph. Of course, an hour passed, then two, then three, and I thought, I guess the autograph isn't going to happen. I asked him about how he managed to get certain cases and bottles. After we left the cellar and moved over to the kitchen, I asked, "Your highness, could I please have your autograph?" And he sat down at the table and said, "Yes, of course, Mr. Shassi." It was a spontaneous gesture. I can't quite explain how I felt in that moment. Later on, I was invited to the principality. It was a dream come true being there with Princess Caroline, with her son and Prince Albert. We enjoyed some exceptional wines in their private quarters. What makes a bottle of wine more sought after than another is its rarity. The rarer it is, the more people want to taste it, to hold it, to see it, making it all the more valuable. For a bottle to be considered rare, it can't just come from some unknown wine maker experimenting with 300 different bottles. That won't catch anyone's attention. It needs to come from a respected and recognized producer. People who seek out collectible bottles are often misunderstood. These aren't wines meant to be drunk. They're meant to be admired. And not everyone has the opportunity or the insight to grasp why these bottles are revered so highly. Right. It's Sunday, so let's give ourselves a treat. We're going to make a nice beef stew border style just to jazz it up a little. Yes, a bur binor is the classic. With a good bottle of Bordeaux, you'll get a whole different set of flavors. So, let's do it. Three or four onions. Nice and slow. Now some little potatoes from the ild. These look really good. Right into the pot they go. While that simmers, let's head to the cellar and pick out some nice booze. Not just any Bordeaux, but something with a bit of depth. Now that's got some texture. 1983. Perfect for a Bordeaux style beef dish, if you ask me. I always say that like in the best restaurants, a good wine makes a great sauce. This one's aged well. It's what we call a bit twile, which is normal given its age. We use the term twi when it turns slightly reddish brown with time. Let's pour it slowly into the sauce. And no, I definitely won't be using my prized 1931 Noval. Yes, indeed. I did manage to get my hands on the legendary 1931 Noval, the world's best port. One time in Paris, I was tasting ports with some top restaurant owners, and one of them said, "I've got a 63." And I said, "You've got a 63, a whole case." And then I asked, "But what about the 31?" He said, "Oh, sir, for 31, that's impossible to find. It's the port of the century." Then someone said, "Oh, there's an Englishman who's selling a bottle." Of course, the Brits, they're the experts when it comes to port, madiraa, and cherry. They're 10 years ahead of us. I went over to see him, and he said, "Yes, I've got one, but it'll cost you several bottles of Petrus if you want it." So, I offered him six bottles of Petrus 85. Are you joking? He said, turns out he knew exactly what it was worth. two full cases of Petrus 85, he said. Oh man, I thought it was over. I went back the next day with two cases of Petrus 85. The guy was a bit stunned and he handed over the 31 and into the cellar it went. And just recently I saw an ad in Asia saying looking for any Norville National 1931 asking price $100,000. My two cases of Petrus 85 are nowhere near worth $100,000. So in the end I actually got another pretty sweet deal. I'm just making my little tart, but the fact is I ended up being ranked among the top 10 collectors in the world. Who would have thought I'd make it to number one? Yep. Two of them turned out to be frauds. One's in prison. Another guy in Germany has been around for ages and one passed away from cancer. So now I'm the number one collector in the world. I guess you can say sometimes fate works in mysterious ways. So many fakes have been sold at auctions that one day Morin Donaire, a renowned wine expert, showed up at my place with a colleague. I saw her arriving with scanners, magnifying glasses, and lamps to check the labels. This expert was on a mission to track down counterfeiters worldwide. And they figure that the guy from Lashelbat must have some fakes in his cellar. Unfortunately for them, there wasn't a single fake to be found. These days, the best way to ensure a bottle is genuine is to buy it directly from the estate that produced it. So now I'm heading out of my little hotel and setting off to cover the entire Burgundy vineyard, visiting all my producers from Mau to Shamberta. So, I'm off to collect my little [Applause] Today we're at Domin Marsh, a prestigious estate with a plot called La Grand, right next to the Dom Romani. I've been coming here regularly for about 30 years to stock up. Here we'll be tasting a selection of GR crew and crew including Grand Shis and others. We're being graciously hosted by the daughter who's in charge of the sellers. That's what you call the seller master, right? Exactly. So, we are moving on to the wine tasting. It's an introduction to the vintage wines that will shortly become part of my collection and of course Vujo as well. There must be around 50 different owners of that vineyard. 56 owners with 85 producers. Can you imagine Vujo is divided between 50 different owners. So when someone says they've had Claude Devour, it doesn't really mean much. You need to specify which claou you had. As each owner has their own section of the vineyard and each section produces a different wine, the wine- making process also varies. So, it's crucial to mention the owner's name when you say you've had a cla de vour. When Mr. Sheri first started visiting the estate, he brought his wine out of pure passion and would eat sandwiches and sleep in his car, preferring to spend all his money on his hobby. That's the memory we have of him. It's been that way for a long time. Actually, it's always been like that. Well, thank you. Okay. See you soon. And here's to good health above all. You, too. And how old are the kids now? Oh, they're 12 now. So, here we are at the Romany Conti estate. Typically, you need an appointment to visit, but I come every year to pick up my case. The clientele is already set in stone. And each customer has their allowance every year. Oh, I go to around 15 in a day. So, I'm here to pick up my prized MU from the Kosh Duri estate, one of the most prestigious estates in Burgundy. White wine, of course. Is this the way to the cellar? Yes, downstairs. Because it's a new cellar. Oh, yes. Here are the cases. Let's put them in the boot. Yes. Can we get the cases first? The renowned domier. I get a bottle of mine every 5 years and I'm quite lucky. Anyway, I don't sell them because obviously private buyers who buy and then resell them for five or six times the price. Well, see you next year then. See you next year, Mr. Cheso. Have a good trip. Goodbye. What I admire is that he didn't just come with a watt of cash saying, "I'll buy this bottle. I'll buy that one." No, he was patient and worked closely with the wine makers exchanging bottles in the process. It's a huge amount of work, but most of all, it's meticulous work because he didn't force any of it. He just stayed persistent, and that indeed deserves recognition. I had the build for running. So I was selected to run the New York Marathon in 1979. There were three of us from Duo. And before we left, they told me, "Well, you'll get to taste some chat deso with the Americans from Maso's estate." So I completed it in 3 hours and 15 minutes. I was quite the athlete, as they say. And in the evening, we enjoyed our shuttle des. Then I met some American friends after the marathon at Central Park. Oh, we've got some Pomerall at home. Really? Shut Fetty Cle. I didn't know Fetty Cle at the time. Yes, but we haven't heard from them for two years. A lovely lady runs it and she used to send us six bottles every year for the holiday season. So, I went back to my job at Dao and I looked up clean. I found the number, called the I heard a voice saying, "Oh, help. Help. I'm thirsty. I'm hungry. They've taken all my stuff. what's going on? I told my colleague, "Do you hear that? What's this all about?" And we thought it was just an old crank. So, we hung up. And a week later, I called again and got the same message. It was clear something serious was going on. I had the time to do whatever I wanted, so I decided to leave at 3:00 a.m. and drive 600 km in my old Peugeot 204. It's about an 8-hour drive. I planned to drive through the night to get there at dawn and then back to work at Desau. As I drove along the motorway, I kept asking myself, "What am I doing? What's the point of this? What am I going to find?" And I kept driving and driving until finally I arrived in Pomer. I spent half an hour circling around before I finally saw Chat Fit painted on a wall. What a relief. The fog was starting to lift and I was exhausted. I pulled into the courtyard and then I saw a dog chained up and barking furiously and there was a man there looking quite rough with two missing front teeth. He asked, "What are you doing here? Who are you?" And I was confronted by this man who was obviously tasked with keeping the lady inside. Amidst the shouting, the shutters of the house began to open slowly and I saw a face just the nose and eyes and the head of an older woman with long straggly hair and a look of deep sadness and I said, "Hello, good morning." Immediately her eyes lit up. Here was a woman who had been held captive for months. Maybe here was a glimmer of hope, an English-sp speakaking person. Could it be possible? maybe he'll be able to help me. And I quickly asked her, "How are you, Madame Dog?" She said, "Oh, I'm so hungry and thirsty," speaking in both French and English at the same time. I went inside and saw everything scattered on the floor, dishes, clothes, shirts, photos. She said to me, "Since 1977, I've had everything taken from me. I was so starved. I had to remember the survival training from the American Commando courses that I'd taken." She told me I was collecting worms from the ditches in Pome, eating pine nuts that I gathered from umbrella pine trees, catching crickets and scavenging for whatever I could find here and there. I left for Paris thinking, "This is unbelievable. What did I just witness? What a story this old lady in Pomerall has." So I said to my friend, "Come back with me to Bordeaux and you can sit in the back with the old lady while I drive and we'll take turns. I returned to Bordeaux a week later, picked up Mrs. Dome, and drove her back to Paris. And since I just separated from my wife, there were no family complications to deal with. I had time to take care of this lady and be curious enough to find out what was going on and to host her at my place. I mean, she hadn't showered in 6 months. The smell was awful. Like a barnyard, we say. So, I took off her dirty, greasy Astroan coat and put it to one side. I put her in the bathtub and the water quickly turned into something that looked like manure because she was so filthy. She hadn't washed in 6 months. Just muck. My son came in and said, "Dad, what's going on with this old lady? Give me the scissors." I cut through her blouse, her clothes, even her underwear, and tossed everything into the laundry basket. And there she was, stuck naked. this poor old lady who was like, "Oh, in the bathtub making the most of it." I thought to myself, "This is quite a scene." I said to Jeremy, "Hand me those old pajamas and the old dressing gown." I gave her the dressing gown and we sat down to eat. I watched as this radiant old lady enjoyed her meal. We'd made a stew and I saw her eating and then hiding some bread. What was she doing? She was hiding pieces of bread, stashing them away whenever we weren't looking. She must have thought it might not last. I cared for this lady for six years from 79 to 85. Jeremy was 12 and had already started in secondary school. She taught him English. She was like his granny calling him my darling. We became a little family. Time went on in this way and I ended up becoming her legal representative. If anyone thought I was taking care of her out of self-interest, I can only say that when I first met her, I had no idea that Chateau Fit was hers through her late husband's inheritance. In 1985 she died from a blood clot at New York hospital and that's when my lawyer informed me Mr. Shasser she has named you the sole heir to the vineyards of chat fetit clean. I discovered who Jean Gabrielle Dome was, the famous painter known for his paintings of long necked women. I managed to recover a few of his less notable paintings from the attic as most of the valuable ones had been looted. I had Madame Dome laid to rest in Azha in the family tomb carved and sculpted by the painter himself, complete with a magnificent crest depicting the family patriarch. It was then lying in pieces. As time passed, my son grew up and became an anologist. To honor her memory, I decided we needed to do something special. So instead of calling it Chat Fet, we created a Ku Marg. One year, we had labels printed in her honor and crafted a special cu named Ku Maris Dome. Over the 40 years I've been collecting wine, I've crossed paths with hundreds of people. Just to give you an idea, I've got all the business cards from those encounters right here. And there are still just as many here. I end up sorting them into little piles by country, by champagne. Sometimes I get a call. Hello, this is Jepierre. Jean Pierre? Sure, but which Jeepierre? I know seven of them. He's got no idea. I don't have a secretary or a computer. Everything's organized in the oldfashioned way. If I had all the resources to fulfill my dreams, it wouldn't be to buy a Rolls-Royce or a private jet. Instead, I'd build a kind of louv for wine. A grand international museum for posterity, a place to teach, to showcase to the public, a cultural center for wine tasting. So, here are the plans for my wine museum. I'm just waiting on the building permit. You see, that's my house. The current seller holds 40,000 bottles, but the plan is to extend it into a 50 m long space that would reach all the way to the little path over there. We're going to start by digging out the cellar, setting it up, and covering it. So, they arrived just over a week ago with a truck and an excavator. They dug out more than a 100 truckloads, which we deposited in the field over there, the field with the deer, and it's still too small. I built the first cellar in 1990, and by 2000 it was full. And in 2000, I renovated the cellar you see now. By 2020, it was full again. So, I'm hoping this one will last until 2041 when I'll turn 100. When I think about it, I've got 6,000 of these slats with 25,000 screws. Oh, the work. 500 partition walls to place side by side, 30 cm apart to store the cases and build 4,000 compartments. Before I can even start on this wine temple extravaganza, it's going to take a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, I reckon. Come here. It fits. Oh, check this out. This is the champagne of choice for American rappers and singers. Can you imagine? A goldplated Jerry bow arm de Brinyak champagne. Very well known. They bring these bottles to celebrate, to party. I'm very careful with this bottle. I can assure you I take care of it. Let's get some of this dust off. Fitting the shelves. That's what's the most time consuming. I need 21 12 cm for this one. Hope it'll fit. After sorting my 50,000 bottles into their respective compartments, white wine, red wine, I'm in the alcoholarium. And among the 3,000 or 4,000 bottles, one of the last bottles was a port from 1941, the year I was born. Here's the outfit I wore during the six months I spent organizing my sellers. I was too lazy to shave in the morning. So, for the last 40 days, I've been sporting these old velvet trousers and this goatey beard. The mustache could work, but it does look a bit strange. It's true that lately I've been gaining more and more global recognition, but there's a downside. One morning, bright and early, I was kidnapped, held hostage, and tortured by 11 thugs. I was sleeping peacefully in bed around 7 or 8:00 when the doorbell rang. Dingdong, ding, dong. A delivery this early? What's going on? It's usually later. So, I slipped into my pajamas and rushed to the door, thinking I might miss the delivery if I'm not quick. I opened the door, saw no one around, and as I stepped outside, I spotted a truck parked against the wall with someone inside. I said, "What's going on?" They replied, "It's a wine delivery." The guy sat down a wine box and said, "Now sign the delivery slip." And just as I bent down to pick up the box, the UPS truck, part of the whole setup, opened up and out popped four guys with AK-47s shouting, "Don't move or you're dead." And at that moment, I thought, "So, today's the day." Because I'd been hearing for ages, "With all the talk about your wine celler, you're bound to get robbed eventually." They dragged me into the first cellar. I saw only four of them initially, but there were 11 thugs in total. They'd come to steal some cases of wine with four trucks from up north for their boss. They took me down into the first small cellar and started hitting me, demanding, "Where's the key to the armored cellar?" They tortured and beat me up. At one point, they said, "Hold on. He's going to give us a key." Then they told one of them, "Tie his hands with duct tape." So there I was, hands bound together with duct tape. And then I had this huge brute, a guy about six feet tall, right in front of my face, twisting my fingers until I was screaming. The others could hear me shouting from a distance, let me tell you. In the end, my little finger was so messed up, the nerves were torn, and it was flailing around uncontrollably. Suddenly, I saw one of them show up with a shotgun and two shells, saying, "I'm going to shoot you in the stomach." I said, "I don't have the key." Another one came with two screwdrivers and put one each side of my neck and he said, "I'm going to stab you in the neck if you don't give me the key." Damn it. You're desperately trying to find a way to survive. And it seemed like I was growing more resilient to the torture. Since my hands were already bound together with duct tape, I kept repeating, "Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me." They couldn't kill me, otherwise they'd leave empty-handed, so I wasn't afraid of dying. But in my mind, it was all about preventing them from getting through the armored door. And then they realized they weren't going to break me. So they left, locking me inside the cellar with the heavy oak door and its massive bolt. So there I was, trapped in my own cellar behind that godforsaken door. I thought to myself, maybe this is my chance to escape. But I knew that as soon as I tried to get away, they'd spot me and say, "Look, he's trying to escape." And I'd end up getting beaten even more. So I had to think quickly. The situation was about survival. Maybe I could break down the door. I had a heavyduty strut filled with glass that I sometimes use when I'm away for a week. I grabbed it and struck the door. Bang. But that oak door would not budge. I tried hitting the lower hinge. Bang. Bang. I managed to squeeze through a hole like a rat. And when I got out, there was nobody around. I ran up the stairs. Still no one. Finally, I made it to my brother-in-law's place and he yel, "Danielle, Danielle, call the police. I've been robbed. 15 minutes later. The village was swarming with cops and fire trucks, cars at every intersection. It looked like a full-scale manhunt and I was in my pajamas and it felt like something out of a movie. By 10:00 a.m. I was wondering what on earth was happening. They laid me down in the ambulance and took me to the hospital where I spent the entire afternoon. And then they said, "Well, we need to search your house. I said, "Wait, it's 7:00 p.m. I have friends coming to visit my little wine seller. They'll be upset if I'm not there." Don't worry, Mr. Chass. Let's go, guys. And with the sirens blaring, the cops guiding us through the streets. We reached Chapel Borto just 10 minutes later. I saw all my friends at the back. Hey, Michelle, you're late again. What's going on? They had no idea what had happened. A copper went up to them and said, "You know, Mr. Shass with what's just happened to him." Really? Oh, well, yes. Well, it's true. Okay. Okay. Then we'll go home. I said, "No, no, guys. You're here now. We're not going home. Let's grab the bottles we'd planned to taste. But Michelle, given the state you're in, don't worry. I'll tell you my story. It'll help me feel better. We'll have a drink, forget what's happened, and keep going. I'm still alive. That's what matters." By midnight, everyone was in high spirits. Hey, Michelle, don't you have any more bottles? We'll all pitch in. And we kept drinking till 3:00 a.m. So, instead of being alone at home after the robbery, dwelling on what had happened, this allowed me to chat. And by 3:00 a.m., I fell asleep as if nothing had happened. Yes, most wines are meant to be drunk, but perhaps these particular bottles are more valuable than that. as they represent memories, history, and geography. They have many stories to tell. We shouldn't drink them. What happens once the bottle is empty? The story is gone. If a wine from the Napoleonic era leaves its bottle, then Napoleon himself disappears along with it. Hello, brother. It's an honor to meet you. Thank you, brother. So I'm putting on protective gloves to handle this little relic which is a book published in 1845. This book is a catalog of all the plants used in making the chart leur from Tarragona in Spain. It was considered a medicinal elixir back then. To treat the monks isolated in their Spanish monastery for 175 years, they relied on centuries of trial and error, mixing various plants to cure all sorts of ailments. They ended up using over 130 different plants. But on top of that, there are roots, lychans, and even insect wings. Nowadays, chhatros is made in Varon, France, but it's just a copy made with various crops. Most of the original plants used in the chhatros deagona no longer exist due to pollution. I thought to myself, if I ever have trouble reaching 100, at least I'll be able to have a spoonful of this chart tagona now and then as a rejuvenating remedy. Since the medicinal liquor oxidizes with air and I've already consumed 2/3 of it, I keep adding glass beads every time I drink from it. So spicy orange blossom, quint paste, candid oranges, exotic. Superb. All those wonderful years on the road searching for you. At the crossroads of our fates, your presence guided the frail child I once was and shaped me into a man. The maiden journey that so many have embarked on sparked the flame of the explorer within me. I've braved arid plains, crossed valleys with unstable cliffs, and walked the earth, driven on by the unspoken passion of a magnificent quest. From the echoes of Burgundy's bell towers to the shade of Santillon's streams, the deep roots of the vines coarse through my veins. Stone by stone, the challenges I faced were a testament to my ambition. I have sometimes faltered under the weight of my dreams. Betrayed by resolve, yet saved by audacity. Following in the footsteps carved out by cathedral builders, I have achieved the impossible through blood, sweat, and tears. This timeless creation bestows its artist with an everlasting legacy. Here lies salvation, the ultimate reward. Now it's time to reconnect at long last. Heat. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SLICE_Full_Doc [35 likes]: If you enjoyed this documentary on renowned wine lover Michel Chasseuil, be sure to check out "Vino Business" which explores the world of fine wine 🍷✨ http://bit.ly/4fbsgLf
  2. @ChaunceyYardley: A top candidate for ‘the most interesting man in the world’.
  3. @stingray427man: exquisite
  4. @felixlahaye: Hello! Is there a non-dubbed version of the documentary for french speakers?
  5. @owjianbang01: God bless michel Chasseuil , feytit Clinet is a space in my cellar run by Jeremy Chasseuil
  6. @toxygeniusc: Impressive! Hard work, passion, love and discipline...
  7. @Sever.1989.: Watched probably 20 times still not enough!
  8. @pauljordan7465: He forgot his son
  9. @jean-claudedouguet3376: The story of Mary Alice Domergue when rescued by Monsieur Chasseuil and his family is very moving.
  10. @andydidcott: Better get a move on michel, you’ve a few bottles to sup in there.
  11. @jean-francoisouimet8597: Et bien! JE suis ravie d'apprendre à vous connaître!! Quelle jeune âme! 😂❤
  12. @Wulfrygg: This guy is the 2nd coming of Louis de Funès
  13. @DJCypha: What an incredible story of a truly amazing man. What a thrilling documentary, just remarkable!
  14. @ryan.6.9.6.9: Wow I really enjoyed this.. he seems like such a genuinely good person who loves what he does..
  15. @rastislavsmerecky1384: I am saving this one to my "Ratatouille" playlist
  16. @brianfrykman7454: So fun!
  17. @balipan09: I'd love to share a bottle of Château Latour with Michel and discuss BBQ in great depth.
  18. @Brianblessed-u4j: A very artistic man, with a very intriguing story
  19. @monbeauparfum1452: Nothing worse than listening 2 voices at the same time, just subtitle it!!!
  20. @WiildCatt: What a fantastic documentary! I was captivated by the dedication, personality and happiness of Michel! This documentary was one of the best I have watched for a long time! 🎉

- Documentary | The Perfect Collection by Mr. Richard Gooding: Kind: captions Language: en for centuries whiskey has held an enduring appeal for many but for one man mr. Gooding whiskey became a personal devotion across decades of dedication he carefully assembled a collection of over 3,900 bottles in terms of my time in whiskey professionally this is I would say usually top 5 collections I've ever seen and certainly the most extensive that I've ever seen come to market this collection for me is unprecedented not only is it the biggest collection of whiskey ever to come to public sale is the biggest collection of Macallan it's the biggest collection but more as the base collection of Springbank and that list goes on and on and on well my name is Charles McLean and I drink for a living I'm a writer specializing in Scotch whisky my main interests are the history of scotch whiskey and what's called sensory evaluation assessing assessing quality I'm Angus McCrae old I'm a freelance whisky writer a consultant and I do some work with whisky festivals tastings and a lot with auctions so valuing and dating and authenticating all bottles of whisky and takes thing as many of them along the way as possible my name is Johnny McClelland whiskey cask buyer for Barry brothers and Rudd the co-founder of the whisky shoe or the rear I found about this collection through my friend and business partner Johnny Macmillan so I got a call from from a friend of mine who runs a distillery an Arkansas he told me that a friend of his had some bottles of whiskey to sell and didn't know what they were worth I've got this this collection of I've heard about in America you know I assumed it would be 20 bottles little by little over the list so I tripped out I started looking through the list I just couldn't believe frankly I was odd I was at the list goes on and on and on and on you know for three and a half thousand bottles and I started see some photographs and jaw-dropping what is this ridiculous collection you know Macallan badami 1926 Macallan fine and rare 10 bottles of 40 or of Laphroaig no one has as ridiculous [Music] I was Richards pilot for 35 years we went to Ireland and Scotland somewhere between 10 and 20 trips specifically for auctions or purchasing whiskies we pulled up to talisker and just knocked on the door people answered and they gave us tours and it was before all of the tasting rooms were open and all the displays and stuff like that he was into the whiskey business long before it became as popular as it is today my name is Becky Baskin I was the editor of Scotch whisky calm I'm now a writer consultant and whisky specialist and whisky is quite honestly my life mr. Giddings collection is nothing short of overwhelming really there's no other word for it it's just staggering how much he managed to collect in just a couple of decades flying all around the world to pick up bottles to either complete holes in his collection or just because he really loved the whisky itself and we would go like Macallan and we would go in and he would start talking to the people there and he said well okay I'd like to have this one and I like to have these and that one and that one and that one and the next thing you know they're kind of looking at him going well do you want these or do you want those and he said well I want them all you can see through the bottles and through the collection a sense of what his passion was and the things he liked and you can also get a sense of the more unique quirks in his tastes as well that's what to me is the hallmark of a great collection the eclecticism of it from a consumers point of view there is the opportunity to compare at the same year same whiskey but different bottlers different bottle rings so you can have vertical tastings or horizontal tastings to purchase so many of one particular bottle as well shows that he wasn't in it just for collectings purposes he was in it to try bottles to open them and enjoy it with friends for the love of whiskey basically he tasted a lot when we were on these trips but the great majority of his purpose was to have a collection at the end of one of everything that was ever made the perfect collection so there's over three and a half thousand bottles in his collection they'll be going to the secondary market I think they're really going to energize that market and provide a lot of excitement for buyers all around the world buying a bottle of whiskey from this collection could be considered as carrying on mr. Giddings legacy in a way it's also a way for a buyer to really have a sense of provenance about where that bottle has come from so who's purchased it in the first place that person has lovingly cared for it because they have such a passion for whiskey here in whiskey like me for old bottles and history and bottled history then there's very few things like this have ever come to market or happened you know a whole collection like this it's pretty unprecedented I would say his collections so comprehensive mr. Gordon clearly was a dedicated passionate individual with a keen eye for collecting rare unique amazing whiskies buying from distilleries that have long since closed and then you've got the collection itself evolves through more recent periods up to the legend of Macallan fine and rare series or Macallan Adame in the 1926 bottlings which are legendary and themselves the collection has a wide range of independent bottlings of signatory and Cayden heads and some are only these bottles are infamous and the quality of whisky don't fit inside the uniqueness of some of these independent bottlers the u.s. imported bottles so whisky Orkney really evolved around the desire to really be a part of whisky history and the love of being involved in what could be described as a golden euro of whiskey making and whiskey drinking or collecting it's hugely exciting to be a part of bringing all of these whiskies together all of the focus of one man's passion and to an opportunity to auction those bottles and present to the wider public you

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidkinzie8998 [7 likes]: He was a great man , It was great to work for you Richard. R.I.P.
  2. @migitgiant-je6ex [1 likes]: I drink for living too just don'tget paid
  3. @KrenarKabashi [1 likes]: How dare they sell his collection, never in History will be a collection like this, im so angry from this self called experts (scamers).
  4. @ScottishUrbanWanderer: The collection that Whisky auctioneer in Perth, Scotland, sold in 2021-2022 had thousands of bottles up for auction. There was everything you could think of? If anyone bought any bottles, they would have noticed on the back a small silver sticker about the size of a 10p coin and it had a frog on it with standing next to a small barrel and holding a whisky glass with the lot number on it.
But the sticker said Pats whisk(e)y on it ,and i always wonder if it was Richard Goodings collection and they just used an alias? I was fortunate to buy a few bottles myself,although nothing was expensive. And i just keep the small frog stickers on them as well.
  5. @tattoostew69: Can anyone tell me where I can purchase the glass Charles is using. 
Looks like a different style glencairn crystal. 

Thanks.
  6. @DioniseTheron: STUNNING .........................................DIONISE THERON....................WHISKEY COLLECTOR:hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  7. @bigboychungo: 12 bottles of Bowmore Black 1964… my goodness
  8. @kalyan2541: I wonder what is the source of income to make this collection??
  9. @monsantofungaro5704: I think Mr Lahey would agree that this man has truly become, "The Liquor ".
  10. @thomasnever2552: I don't collect spirits.

I drink them.

😊
  11. @chrispowers8339: 100% Agree!😉🙏
  12. @Tackforkaffet83: Just curious .. what would be the price of that entire collection?
  13. @WhiskyAdvisorUA: Top 30 most expensive bottles of Scotch Whisky - https://youtu.be/knozMd5p6Ko
  14. @jakubkrason: Amazing. Look up Dwane Poor - he has fantastic collection of 6500 bottles. And he drank/tried them all apart from 3. But those are 1/1 bottles so that's understandable. I absolutely love the idea of collecting AND trying them all. Not just buying 1 bottle and that's it. Buy 2-3 enjoy and share them.
  15. @ExeAction: This raised more than £6m at auction
  16. @janteun3: he built this house specially vor his collecktion i hope i donth cry in heaven seeing this colecktion breaks appart rest in peace mr gooding  rip
  17. @everardosalinasjr2812: BEAUTIFUL!!!!
  18. @rindirindi6256: i have a whiskey year 1777 and 1742
  19. @philiploveswatcheswhiskies9832: 😅😅😅someone tell that 1st boy to go home he hasn't aclue...ffs..top 5 Angus fuck off home
  20. @fuiorcornel7597: imagine an earthquake.....

- Getting Into Wine: A Beginner's Crash Course: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever stared at a wall of wine and had no idea where to start? In the next 20 minutes or so, we're gonna fix that. Hi, my name is Madeline Puckette and I've spent 15 years helping people learn about wine. And if you need some proof, check out Wine Folly's online resource I co-created or my books, which have been printed in 27 languages. The main reason people find it difficult to learn wine is because it's hard to get started. It seems really cool, but it's also overwhelming. How do you choose what you like? Unless you already know a lot, you're essentially rolling the dice with each wine purchase. My goal for you in this video is to give you enough of a foundation so you know how to ask the right questions to drink better wine. After this, choosing a wine shouldn't fill you with low-key dread. Instead, it should feel more like a fun adventure. In short, I want to show you all the things I wish I knew when I was getting started. Being confident in wine helps unlock doors in social situations and it can also help you get a better-paying job. So if you want to make your Wine 101 official, check out Wine Folly's certification courses. Wine is just fermented grape juice, right? This basic concept holds answers that most people overlook and knowing them can help you drink better wine. To answer your question, yes, wine is fermented grapes. Sure, there are wines made with other fruit too, like cranberry wine or pineapple wine, but if it's labeled just wine, that means it's made with just grapes. Of course, the grapes used for making wine look different from table grapes. They're smaller, they're sweeter, they have thicker skins and seeds. These differences give wine its unique taste. Wine grapes also behave differently than other fruit. They don't continue to ripen after they've been picked. And this means wine making happens once a year, right after harvest. And that's what the vintage date means on a wine label. It's the year the grapes were harvested. The vintage is actually where I made my first wine mistake. This was around 2007. I know, it was a long time ago. I bought a bottle of 2005 Côte du Rhône, back when you could get a pretty great red wine for just $13. Côte du Rhône, in case you don't know, this isn't a single-varietal wine like Cabernet Sauvignon. This was a red wine made with three different grapes, Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre. And the name Côte du Rhône is the name of the region where the red wine is from. At the time, this was my first Côte du Rhône, and I loved it so much that I ordered a bunch more. The wine arrived from the same region and the same producer, but it wasn't the same vintage. It was the 2006 and not the 2005. And it didn't taste the same at all. I was devastated. Turns out, the weather in each vintage affects how the grapes ripen, which in turn changes the quality of the wine. 2005 was quite warm and dry and produced rich, fruit-forward red wines, which I loved. Yum, yum, yum. 2006, on the other hand, was a little cooler and the critics would call it "fresher," meaning lighter bodied and more tart. The 2006 has ended up aging quite well, but that didn't give me that yum, yum, yum taste I was looking for. We call this vintage variation. It's one of wine's great strengths and great weaknesses. The lesson for me was if I was looking for French red wines like Côte du Rhône, I tended to prefer, at least back then, wines from warmer, drier years. So when you find a wine you like, pay attention to the weather from that vintage. It's a clue. But the thing that most affects how a wine tastes is where it comes from. Over the years, I've mapped thousands of different wine regions around the world. But if you're just getting started, don't try to memorize them. Instead, let's categorize the regions by climate. To do that, I want to go back to where it all started at least 8,000 years ago in the mountainous region of Caucasus. This is where we think winemaking first started. I like to think that the first wine was a complete accident. We had some extra grapes, we put them in a container, forgot about them for a little while, and came back and yuck! Then someone was bold enough to drink it, and this is what started our multi-millenia obsession with wine. Winemaking expanded with Western civilization into the Mediterranean basin. Vines adapted over thousands of years to different climates, cooler climates in the north and hotter climates in the south. And this is why there are thousands of different grape varieties in several different shades. What's surprising is that everything from lush Chardonnay to dry-as-a-bone Sangiovese are all cultivars of the same species. Vitis vinifera, aka the wine grape. And the climate where Vitis vinifera grows is where we get the concept of the wine belt, which includes the latitudes of around 30 degrees north to 50 north and about 30 to 45 south. There are exceptions to the rule, but for the most part, this is where wine grows. And here's the kicker and the big aha. Vines that grow in warmer climates like Shiraz in Barossa, Australia, or Cabernet Sauvignon in Paso Robles, California, tend to produce riper, sweeter grapes, which in turn produces bolder, more fruit-forward wines. In fact, warm climates produce some of the world's best bold red wines. And contrasting that, when you go north, like to Champagne in France or to the Willamette Valley in Oregon, the grapes there produce less sugar content, which results in lighter-bodied, more tart-tasting wines. And guess what? Cool climate regions produce some of the world's best elegant white and red wines. So knowing about warm climate wines and cool climate wines is an absolute game changer. It explains why two wines made from the same grape can taste completely different, and it's a key to consistently finding wine styles that you love. Now, you might be thinking, "This is great, Madeline, but what about all the different grapes? We've got Merlot, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay. It's a lot to remember." And honestly, you're right. With over a thousand different commercially viable wine varieties out there, I wouldn't worry too much about memorizing all of them, save for the ones you love. Instead, we can simplify things again, taking into consideration all the wines of the world, and group them into more or less nine different wine styles. Sparkling wines, light-bodied white wines, aromatic white wines, full-bodied white wines, rosé and orange wine, light-bodied reds, medium-bodied red wines, full-bodied red wines, and dessert and fortified wines. Now, this categorization model covers most of the wine that's out there in the market, so knowing about each of these styles will help you communicate what you want. I'm going to give you an example of what to look for in each category, a great value as well as a benchmark examples. But remember, this is just the tip of the iceberg. Let's start with full-bodied red wines. These are your whole milk, heavy cream of the wine world. However, unlike milk, they don't get their big body from fat content. They get it from alcohol and tannin. What is tannin? It's a plant polyphenol. Sidebar, tannins contains nearly all of wine's health benefits, and texturally, it gives wines layers of complex velvety flavor. Too much tannin in wines taste bitter and astringent, but when it's just right, it's magical. Cabernet Sauvignon is your benchmark bold red wine. In fact, this is the most widely planted wine grape in the world. But if you're looking for value in the U.S., try Petite Sirah. And if you're elsewhere in the world, try Alicante Bouschet from Portugal. These alts aren't as well known about and thus offer great value. Medium-bodied red wines. Have you ever heard someone say, "Oh, that's a food wine." This is what medium-bodied red wines are all about. Instead of being dominated by brooding blueberry and blackberry flavors like a bold red, they tend to have more red fruit notes, like raspberry, cherry, and plum. They also have fresher acidity, which makes them better to pair with food. There are many varieties that fit this category, but the one you should absolutely know about is Côtes du Rhône. This is a regional wine from southern France that blends with Grenache, with Syrah, and Mourvèdre. These three varieties actually grow in regions all around the world in warmer climates. So if you see this blend, snatch it up and give it a try. For value, try this wine from Italy called Montepulciano d'Abruzzo. I consistently cannot believe the quality I find in this wine for the price. Light-bodied red wines. For those of you who hate the bitterness of tannin but love red wine, this is your go-to wine style, and Pinot Noir is your benchmark grape. This wine is so light and delicate you can see your hand through it. They serve it in a big globe-shaped wine glass to capture the airy red fruits and rose aromas that Pinot Noir is all about. Pinot Noir is great, but it's also one of the most expensive red wines out there. So for value, maybe try a bottle of Frappato from Sicily. It has everything we love about light-bodied red wines, but because it's so lesser known about, it tends to be less expensive. So that's red wines. Basically, it's a spectrum from light to bold, and it correlates with the grape variety. And since most red wines are dry, as in not sweet, the fruit factor you may taste on some is more closely associated with the climate where the grape is grown. Cooler climates tend to produce more tart, sour fruit flavors, and warmer climates make wines with riper, more baked fruit notes. Now for the rest of the wine styles. Sparkling wine. It comes in both dry and sweet styles from Brut to Demi-Sec. I like to think of sparkling wine as kind of the most technical winemaker's wine because to make it, it takes two fermentations. One for the alcohol and two for the bubbles. The benchmark is definitely champagne. Champagne is what you would call a regional wine, meaning it can only be made in the region of Champagne in France. And the reason why I say champagne is the benchmark is because they're the ones that perfected a sparkling winemaking method that's been emulated all around the world. But if you're looking for value, try Cava. This is also a regional wine made in Spain, and it uses the same method as champagne, but with Spanish grapes. And also because it's less known about and less popular, it tends to offer better value. Light-bodied white wines. These zippy, dry white wines have citrus and apple notes. And the thing that defines this category isn't the grape variety necessarily, it's that these wines rarely age in oak barrels. Turns out, stainless steel winemakings helps preserve the crisp quality in white wines. Quality for dollar, light-bodied white wines are some of the best wine values out there. Pinot Grigio might just be your benchmark light-bodied white wine. In France, they call it Pinot Gris, and it grows around the world. Looking for a great value? Try Picpoul de Pinet, a regional wine from France. It absolutely sings for the price. Full-bodied white wines. These rich, toasty, dry white wines have lots of body and a creamy texture. Chardonnay is our benchmark. Surprisingly, it's not the Chardonnay grape that gives these wines a creamy, buttery texture. It's the winemaking interaction that happens when Chardonnay ages in oak barrels. In fact, every white wine you find aged in barrels tends to have richer, more full-bodied flavors. If you're looking for value, try Grenache Blanc aged in oak, for an amazing alternative with a very unique taste. Aromatic white wines. There are some white wine varieties out there that are so aromatic that they deserve their own category. They range in taste from bone-dried to sweet, but can easily be mistaken for a sweet wine because of their candied nose of orange blossom and peach. Riesling is your benchmark. And Germany is its home base, making some of the most haunting Riesling in the world. Of course, on the hunt for value, check out Torrontés from Argentina. This wine is typically made dry, but it smells sweet, like potpourri. Rosé and orange wine. Rosé isn't a grape. It's more of a winemaking process using red grapes. Rosé happens when you stop the grape skins from dyeing the wine red by taking them out of the fermentation, midway. And this means Rosé can be made with nearly any red wine grape. So try your favorite red wine as a Rosé, and you'll be surprised by the totally different expression you get from your favorite grape. So what about orange wine? Just like Rosé is a winemaking method using red grapes, orange wine is a method using white wine grapes. Orange wine happens when you ferment a white wine the way you would a red. By leaving the juice fermenting with the skins, the technique is rare, but it makes some of the richest, most red wine-like white wines I have ever tasted. Dessert and fortified wine. Dessert wines range in style from actually pretty dry to very sweet, and sometimes they're stabilized by adding brandy in a process called fortification. Your benchmark is Port wine from Portugal. The longer that some Port ages, the more tawny in color it becomes and nuttier the taste. I once tasted a tawny that was 250 years old and I couldn't believe how good it tasted, especially since most wines don't age past 10 years. For great value, try Sherry from southern Spain. Many Sherry wines are totally dry, salty, and a little bit nutty. It's a totally unique flavor in a wine that you must try at least once in your life. Now that you know the nine common wine styles, you can better communicate and find what sounds good to you. But how do you go about looking the part when you're enjoying a glass of wine? Well, there's some things that sommeliers know that will greatly improve your wine tasting experience. This is a bottle of wine, the world's best invention. And this is maybe the world's second best invention, a waiter's friend. Knowing how to use one of these will make you feel like a real sommelier. Now we have a wine glass. There are many different styles of wine glasses, but a great wine glass has enough space above the wine to collect aromas. You only need 5 ounces or 150 milliliters for a full serving. Now, my glass might look mostly empty, but that's actually the right amount of wine because when I swirl, it releases the aromas into the bowl of glass. When it comes to tasting, I have a whole 10-minute video on the secrets to tasting like a pro, but conceptually wine tasting is much simpler than that. Smell the wine before you taste it. If you block your nose, you won't pick up any of those aromas of black currant, cedar, and peppercorn on a fine Bordeaux. And that's really the secret. It's really that simple. Smell before you taste. If you do this with every new wine you try, you're going to learn so, so much. So let's bring it all together. We started this journey at a massive wall of wine, feeling a little lost. But now you have a powerful new framework. You know that vintage tells you about the weather of a single year and why the same wine can taste different from one year to the next. You've learned that climate is your secret weapon. By knowing whether a wine comes from a warm or cool region, you can predict if the wine will be bold and fruity or light and elegant. And instead of getting bogged down by thousands of grape varieties, you can now confidently navigate the world of wine using the nine core styles. Finally, you've learned that tasting wine isn't actually about snobbery, it's simply about paying attention. The act of smelling your wine before you sip it is the single biggest thing that will elevate your experience and unblock all those amazing flavors that we've been talking about. My promise to you at the beginning of this video was to help you see wine differently. So the next time you walk into a wine shop, that wall of wine won't be so intimidating. Instead of seeing endless confusing options, you see possibilities. You can now ask the right questions. "Hey, I'm in the mood for something from a cool climate." Or "Hey, I really like full bodied red wines, what's a great value alternative to Cabernet Sauvignon?" That feeling? That's confidence. And that's how you start to drink a better wine. Now, if you're excited about what you've learned and want to make your Wine Smarts official, I'd love for you to check out our Wine Folly's certification courses at winefolly.com We have everything from fun, fast beginner courses to deep dives that will get you ready for a sommelier's career. And if you want to continue this journey and learn more about wine with me, make sure you subscribe to this channel because we've got more ground to cover. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next time. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wineworthbuying [7 likes]: Wine is the best fruit juice ;)
  2. @chrisyboy2000 [1 likes]: I 🍷 this! Thank you! ❤
  3. @Solitude47152 [1 likes]: Nice tat.
  4. @introvertdoesthingz [1 likes]: I had no interest in wine before but this video just convinced me to become a wine connoisseur. Excuse me while I go be a connoisseur in training.
  5. @Kowalski-717 [1 likes]: I recognize hundreds of bottles just watching the label .
  6. @esthergitati3538 [1 likes]: Thank you
  7. @CSM393 [1 likes]: Great introduction. Where is the Shiraz in the wine spectrum?
  8. @DanielLeh-i1o: Can you ferment welch's grape juice
  9. @HICKSKE: Best pairing- triple stack bacon cheeseburger and Mad Dog 20/20. C'est fantastique.
  10. @TheWineExposure: great video
  11. @nyyyaq: Hmm.. Interesting that Vivino app not mentioned even in comments. Really useful app for wine beginners and enthusiasts too, that's like IMDb but for wine 😅
  12. @coasternut3091: The biggest reason I can't get into wine is cost.  All good wine costs money, but there are also expensive bad wines
  13. @KieranGarland: genuinely very helpful cheers. love yer books
  14. @JackCavendish.thePoet: Hard to get started? Are you kidding me? Pop a cork and start drinking. That's how I got started over 45 years ago!
  15. @skepticfucker280: 😅
I just make wine for fun, I think YouTube sent me in the wrong direction.
Cheers and much luv to all.
  16. @Josh-yj9kg: too much talking nothing
  17. @NeroeDB: Authentic: all I need to know is what I like, for reasons that vary and create interesting dinner conversations not commonly known already knew that jargon. 
“ I picked this because cause it’s “cute” but cute to me means something DEEPER : I present-poets leap”
  18. @estebanlalosa900: Thank you very much!!! 👏👏👏
  19. @mddc8998: SO good! Thank you for this breakdown!
  20. @AmeerahAmru: Watched this for my assignment on fermentation 😂 gotta ask though, if you could choose between wine, beer and spirits then still chooses wine, what's the reason?

- Wine Collecting: Attorney Somm's TOP TEN Red Wines: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody attorney sam here welcome back with 2021 drawing to a close it's once again time for me to identify my top 10 red wines of the year i'm going to count these down from number 10 to number one at number 10 is the incredible 1971 giacomo concerno barolo 1971 was an excellent vintage in piedmont and this is an extraordinary wine from a classic producer of barolo this wine was still showing incredibly well it had a ton of sediment and i was concerned with it falling off so rather than decanting the wine we poured it directly into the glass through a filter and that's a technique that works very very well for me for older wines but this wine was extraordinary dried sour cherries dried violets leather truffle earth poison and tar were readily apparent at this stage the tannins were fully resolved and there was substantial acidity to balance the flavors this was definitely a special wine from a classic producer coming in at number nine was the diamond creek volcanic kill wine which is a napa cabernet sauvignon 1994 is one of my all-time favorite vintages in napa and this wine was showing extremely well it featured a magical mix of black and blue fruit leather cedar tobacco lead pencil and dried herbs and was perfectly balanced by ample acidity it was intensely concentrated yet elegant coming in at number eight was the 2006 domain de la remedy conte von romini premiere crew cuvee duval laucher this wine is produced using younger vines from etchazo grand duchess oh romany saint vivant and richborg while it took a while for this swine to open up following a 90-minute decant it really started coming to life the wine was vibrant and incredibly expressive at that point dark cherry black raspberry asian five spice and floral notes were the dominant descriptors this wine was intensely concentrated yet remarkably elegant it reminded me of an echo zone that with more prominent tannins coming in at number seven was a munie shambol mussini premiere crew from 2007. we had this wine along with the drc as part of a burgundy tasting and to my surprise this wine beat the drc head to head this was just really an incredibly elegant ethereal wine that was really in a remarkable place it featured beguiling aromatics of sweetened red black cherries raspberry strawberry violet truffle and hints of sage and asian five spice the fruit was just incredibly pure and ethereal and elegant really a remarkable astonishing wine this wine will only improve with age so it's definitely one to track down and purchase if you get a chance to do so coming in at number six was the 2000 chateau shovel block this wine is sultry seductive and sexy this was an absolute joy to taste blackcurrant black cherry black plums violets licorice menthol tobacco and red earth were all readily apparent well it took a while for this wine to open up when it did it unfurled majestically it was rich regal and generous this is definitely a wine that should be in the conversation for the top five or ten chateau shovel blancs ever produced it was simply that good coming in at number five was the 1986 chateau mouton rothschild if this wine were a movie it would have been fast and furious this was a full throttle intense powerful one it kept gathering momentum and it effortlessly passed the formidable competition that it faced that night the beguiling bouquet included the expected black currant blackberry pencil lead tobacco forest floor and cedar but there was much more licorice menthol asian five spice soy sauce earth violet and black truffle as impressive as the aromatics were the palette was even better truly a magical wine that was still shockingly useful coming in at number four was the 2005 chateau reyes this is a chateauneuf du pot that is 100 grenache raos is always such a treat to taste when you blind it it seems a little bit like a tense concentrated burgundy but yet there's a little bit more spiciness to it initially reticent this wine exploded in the glass with a couple hours worth of air the fruit is just incredibly pure raspberry and wild strawberry were accompanied by licorice greek and hints of cedar there was ample acidity to balance the intense fruit and the tannins the finish was long and complex simply a breathtaking line if you haven't yet have an opportunity to try chateau reyes this is definitely a worthy wine for your bucket list coming in at number three was the 1990 chateau obreon earlier this year we did a 1990 bordeaux tasting a horizontal tasting where we tasted all the first gross chateau shovel blanc and a few other top wines from the 1990 vintage this obreon was certainly one of the stars that night and one of the stars of last year it is often overshadowed by the 1999 obreon which is of course legendary but this 1990 is simply outstanding in its own right and you can pick up multiple bottles of this 1990 for the price of one of the 1989s this wine is powerful yet elegant everything is completely harmonious but as good as the 1990 obreon was the chateau lafitte rothschild was a little bit better and that wine actually was the victor in the 1990 bordeaux tasting that we did with seven out of eight tasters identifying that as the top wine of course with the feet it's not about power it's about elegance and this wine was just remarkably elegant aristocratic aromatics of blackcurrant black cherry tobacco cedar lead pencil and truffle were all readily apparent but the palette was the real showstopper here there were layers of complex cedar infused fruit that coated your palette with a rich silky mouth feel like a cashmere sweater on a cold winter day the finish was incredibly long and complex just a breathtaking line coming in at number one was the legendary 1982 chateau pisha on the lawn the first time i ever tasted this wine was about 10 years ago i was absolutely blown away by it it simply outclassed every other wine i'd ever tasted to that point in my lifetime it was just in a league of its own and to this day it remains one of my all-time favorite wines this wine has oftentimes proved the adage that there's no such thing as a good wine only good bottles fortunately however with one sniff we instantly knew that this bottle was one of the good ones a captivating kaleidoscope of black and red flute exploded from the glass along with a mix of cedar graphite and beguiling floral aromas as amazing as the aromatics were the palette was even better silky supple sensual and elegant each glorious sip delivered layer after labor of complex flavors the fruit was astonishingly pure with graphite and cedar infusion the finish was absolutely breathtaking when you have a great bottle of 1982 pishon milan it can simply overpower your senses like few wines can hope you enjoyed this video if you did please let me know in the comments below please also let me know what your favorite wine was for 2021 i'll be back with another video in the near future until then drink well

  Top Comments:
  1. @FoodiewineloverGina [1 likes]: What a stellar selection, John. I like the flavor profile of Asian 5 Spice, and all the alliterations using the word “S”. In my opinion, wine doesn’t get much better than these! Thank you for putting this video together. I can’t help admiring the magnificent backdrop. Well done! Happy New Year in advance! Wishing you continued success in 2022! Cheers!
  2. @codybruce1555 [1 likes]: The 1990 Latour tops the 90 Haut Brion for myself.
  3. @garnol12 [1 likes]: Great lineup! Many of these are on my bucket list. I need to drink more Northern Rhône wines, cote rotie, etc. I know that is one of your favorite areas. what would you recommend in the $100 range that is drinking well now? 
My favorite last year was a glass of the ‘09 Chateau Palmer. Everything was in harmony and just a joy to try. Cheers
  4. @tommyppq2314 [1 likes]: Really enjoyed your video.  I have had the pleasure of drinking several of the wine.  The 1982 Pichon Lalande was the most impressive young Bordeaux (tasted several times between 1985 to 1990) I ever had.  The 1986 Mouton was the second most impressive young Bordeaux I have had.  My best older Bordeaux was the 1982 Haut Brion tasted four years ago unfortunately not every bottles showed as good.  Really glad I found your channel.
  5. @jackrittereiser5278 [1 likes]: Why do you only include red wines
  6. @charleshorn3283 [1 likes]: I have a bottle of the 1986 Mouton Rothschild in my cellar.  How long should I decant it?  I wouldn't think long but from what I've read it is still a young wine and needs a long decant.
  7. @richardbeaumont5358 [1 likes]: Would love to hear your thoughts on a 2010 Château Pontet-Canet Pauillac (Grand Cru Classé). 100 point wine according to Robert Parker
  8. @hannsze2212 [1 likes]: Amazing breakdown, just a suggestion to leave the image of the bottle while you are describing it on the screen.  Helps with a bit more visual :) 

Thanks
  9. @lasethlacheman9279 [1 likes]: Wowelicious this are absolutely fantastic , beautiful selection 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  10. @danib0y1337 [1 likes]: I really enjoyed the Pontet Canet 2009 this year. Very lively yet very elegant.
  11. @EscapeWithCarrie [1 likes]: Back in Hawaii, looks nice!
  12. @etiennedune [1 likes]: Wow! Great wines🙌  I hope to taste such wines in the future. What a pleasure it must be to taste Château Pichon-Longueville Comtesse de Lalande 1982. My favorite wine this year is was Phélan Ségur 2014. Happy 2022🍾🥂🎆
  13. @Level-42 [1 likes]: Incredible John 🍷😎 tough call on my one fav so I’ll give you my fav 4. 

E. Guigal Brune et Blonde Cote Rotie 2017
Dunham Cellars 2016 Lewis Vineyard Syrah
Cheval Des Andes Mendoza 2014 
Yan Cellars Spring Mountain CS 2017. 
🍷😎
  14. @wren460 [1 likes]: Great video as always John !  Happy new year and let´s hope 2022 brings a lot of great wines
  15. @noahcap [1 likes]: Great video. Keep 'em coming! Quick correction- at 4:43 you mention the "1999 Haut Brion", but I think you mean 1989.
  16. @pottertaker [1 likes]: Nice selection. Cheers ✌🏻
  17. @NaderAli-px8ir: Very nice pic super Star congratulations 👏🎉👏🎉 star ✨⭐ gift 🎁🧧⭐✨🎉👏🏆👍❤️🎈🙏🤲👑👌👋

- Every Wine Explained in 10 minutes Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Cabernet San in the 17th century Cabernet Fran and San Blanc grapes were an unlikely pair they produced a new wine in France it soon became very popular this wine had strong complex tastes of black currant and a touch of mint it pairs well with dishes like grilled steak or H cheddar but Cabernet Savon isn't just a one trick pony it's been the top grape for everyone throughout history from ancient Romans to modern-day celebrities so next time you supp a glass of cab remember you're not just drinking wine you're enjoying a delicious piece of History cheers to that Mero it's a grape type that had many ups and downs in the world of wine Mero and Cabernet San are often mixed but they have unique histories both came from the ber region in France Cabernet San came in the 17th century meanwhile Mero emerged in the late 18th century it became popular for softening cabs t canons over time Merlo gained popularity as a standalone wine it's shown in the right Bank of Berto these regions had clayr soils ideal for its growth meanwhile cabrin svan thrived in the Left Bank which had grally soils this Terre difference shaped their qualities Mero produced softer fruer Wines in contrast Cabernet svon had more structure it was also more intense in the late 20th century Merlin became very popular this was especially true in the United States it was seen as an easy to drink red Peno Noir people love this grape for its unique taste but it poses challenges to Growers and wine makers it needs specific conditions making great wines takes careful attention the best Pino Noir also comes for burgundy in France and today cool areas of California like the Russian River Valley they share a key trait a cool climate that helps grapes slowly ripen this leads to rich flavors and a good balance of fru and acidity to truly appreciate the nuances of Pino Noir it's crucial to pair with the right Foods the wine is delicate and subtly earthy it pairs well with dishes that have mushrooms truffles or gay Meats like Duck or venison Pino Noir also pairs well with salmon shiras also known as SAR is a grape variety that has captivated wine enthusiasts with its bold and spicy character shiras is from the Ron Valley in France it is found a second home in the sunny Vineyards of Australia where it is a Signature variety The Grape thrives in warm dry climates examples are the barasa valley and McLaren Val the long growing season lets the grapes develop Rich concentrated flavors when it comes to food pairings shiras is a versatile wine that can stand up to bold and savory flavors it's spicy notes and robust tannins make it an excellent companion to grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or venison the Wine's dark fruit flavors go well with dishes with Rich tomato based sauces these include classic spaghetti bolog they also have slow cooked Ru but how does chiras compar to the equally bold and flavorful malbeck malbeck is another bold flavorful red wine it's similar to chiras but has its own distinct character malba comes from the C region of France it is found its true home in the High Altitude Vineyards of Argentina especially in the Mendoza region the grape thrives in warm sunny days and cool nights of the Andis foot hills it develops a unique flavor that sets it apart from its French counterpart both malbeck and shiras have dark fruit flavors and a full body but malbeck tends to have a softer more velvety texture with less harsh tannin fruit flavors dominate its taste they're Lush and ripe like Blackberry Plum and black cherry they're often accompanied by hints of cocoa vanilla and even a touch of tobacco this is thanks to the Wine's frequent agent and Oak barrels but what sets malbeck apart from other red wine varietals the answer lies in its unique Journey from the old world to the new it is a adapted to its new home in the high altitudes of Argentina Rosé rosé wine is pink and comes from many places Province France is a major producer to make it wine makers briefly soak red grape skins and Juice this creates Hues from light to vibrant pink its taste varies it often mixes red fruit flavors with sharp acidity common notes include strawberries cherries and citrus making it light and tasty the sunent is floral and fruity with hints of rose petals fruits and melon it is versatile and refreshing this makes it a great match for dishes it complement salads Seafood meats and spicy foods chardonay moving on to delicious white varietal let's explore the world of Chardonnay it's a white wine that has captured many hearts shardon started in Burgundy France it has a long history dating to the Middle Ages as the name suggests they named it after Chardon Village this Village is in the Macon region over time this grape has spread across the globe it found new homes in places like California and Australia when it comes to taste chardonay is known for its diverse flavor profile the wine ranges from crisp and mineral driven to Rich and buttery it showcases a wide range of characteristics in cooler climates Chardonnay has flavors of green apple citrus in a hint of minerality in warmer areas it tastes more like tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango also many Chardon are asan oak giving them vanilla butter and toasted bread flavors this process increases the Wine's depth and complexity soan Blanc soan Blanc is a popular white wine with a sharp taste and unique flavors it's loved by wine enthusiasts worldwide this grape grows best and cool climates like the lar Valley in France and New Zealand's Malboro region there it develops its crisp refreshing taste high acidity gives savan Blanc its Lively zesty feel svan Blanc smell varies by region and wine making methods cooler areas often offer grassy Pepper or nettle notes thanks to purin the notes shift to tropical fruit is grapes ripen this happens especially in warm regions like California or South Africa its acidity and complexity makes San Blanc a great pairing for dishes it suits Light Summer meals and herbs like basil or mint also it enhances Seafood notably oysters with its acidity reasing reasing is a great Variety steeped in history and romance it traces back to the pretty Ry region of Germany people have known this Noble grap for centuries they've grown it on the Steep Terrace slopes of the Rind Valley there it has developed a unique character that character reflects the Region's special terar the cool climate and mineral Rich soils of the rine make the grapes sweet and acidic this creates wines that range from bone dry to Sweet reasing pairs well with food it is beloved for many types of dishes the wines off dry to Sweet styles are a perfect match for spicy Asian Cuisines such as Thai or Indian Vino Verde the refreshing an effervescent Portuguese white wine this wine is unique its name green wine doesn't mean it's green it refers to its youthful vibrant character Veno ver is made in the Lush Green Hills in the Minho region in Northern Portugal the cool damp climate and fertile soils there are perfect for growing the local grape varieties used to make kit it's bright acidity and Fizz make it perfect for seafood this is especially true for shellfish and grilled fish it also pairs well with salads and light appetizers so the next time you're looking for a unique and refreshing white wine to enjoy in a warm day grab a bottle of Veno Verde you'll get to experience the youthful charm of this Portuguese specialty zen fendel zen fundel is a grape variety that has captured the hearts of wine enthusiasts it has bold and spicy character it is known for making wines that are robust and fruity it often includes notes of blackberry raspberry and black pepper Zen fendel has a rich history in California where it has been cultivated since the mid 19th century the grape's origins however can be traced back to Croatia when it comes to food pairings zandel is bold and spicy it's ideal for hearty and flavorful dishes the wine has robust cannons and high alcohol they pair beautifully with grilled Meats such as beef or lamb they also go well with spicy Cuisines like Mexican or Indian zendel is also perfect with Rich tomato based dishes these include pasta with meat sauce or pizza champagne champagne is effervescent it epitomizes luxury and celebration it owes its character to a unique fermentation process called the metod champenois this labra intensive method involves a second fermentation in the bottle it gives the wine its Bubbles and complex flavor yeast and sugar dance in the bottle they make a symphony of smells and tastes these range from hints of citrus and bage to Rich toasty undertones the history of champagne is as captivating as the wine its Origins date back to the 17th century in the region of France with the same name here the monk D peran is said to have found the secrets of sparkling wine he said come quickly I am tasing the Stars comment and let me know if I left any wines out toao

  Top Comments:
  1. @beefb0ss [1 likes]: AI SLOP
  2. @KavkazKing: This is a terrible video..who pronounces Provence like that? Is this an AI voice over? Biggest waste of my time.
  3. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌏🌍🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  4. @FoodItemsExplain: Video so nice but...... 😊
  5. @ExplainedDishes: Love how you explained everything about wine.
  6. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  7. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  8. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  9. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champagne!  
🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  10. @annataranto1414: What about Beaujolais?
  11. @mikemike3675: Modern day celebrities turned me off who gives a **
  12. @brettbourgeois5379: "Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc in the 1700 century." a few seconds later "and was enjoyed by the ancient Romans." AI trash
  13. @BehindTheBoottle: love this
  14. @aimeelouvier-sutton: All wine tastes like rotten fruit🤢🤢
  15. @KaitlynLifeDiaries: love the video
  16. @Pnm23: What is a Vinho Verde? Nothing but a Region, not a type of wine!
  17. @MerlinMoorlo: Everything you should know that every wine started in.... Burgundy, France. There are no such a thing as "american" wine in the universe. Its a sh*t. If you need real wine buy only French wine.
  18. @BornFree21: Aka the blood of the lamb
  19. @FloatyCatHazy: That is unsettleling and facinating at the same time, she maged to explain all wines but not a single one from Italy, like talking about box legends not metioning Tyson
  20. @strawberrycakez-b9z: You should stop using AI for your voiceovers girl

- Wine Collecting: TOP TEN Wines of 2022! (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm identifying And discussing my 10 top wines from 2022 if you missed wines 11 through 25 from last week's video be sure to check out the pinned comment below coming in at number 10 on the list is the 1986 temples Vega Sicilia Unico located in the Ribera Del Duro region of Spain temples Vegas Cecilia has been long recognized as not only one of the best wine producers in all of Spain but indeed one of the very best producers in the entire world it's a historic producer that was founded way back in the 1860s but really came into prominence after 1982 when it was acquired by the Alvarez family following this acquisition the Alvarez family invested substantial resources into overhauling the vineyard and also modernizing and upgrading the winemaking equipment Vega Sicilia is a big fan of extended aging and the age of abuela which is another wine that they produce that's a little bit less expensive than Unico for about five years at the winery before it's released and the Unico is aged for an impressive 10 years before it's released this 1986 Unico was a blend that consists of 75 percent Tinto Fino which is what they call tempranio in Ribera Del Duro and then 25 percent Cabernet Sauvignon following about an hour of air this wine was extremely impressive this wine featured a dark fruit profile with black cherry tar tobacco Earth smoke forest floor and leather this wine was harmonious well balanced and complex this wine is definitely at its peak currently but there's no rush to drink it as it will certainly age for another decade or so with no problem in the United States new vintages of Unico cost around 500 or so if you're interested in trying Unicode but don't want to splurge on the price you may want to try volena which is another wine that's produced by Vega Sicilia and one that can be purchased for less than half the price of an Unico but which is still an exceptional wine and one that can be joyed a little bit younger than the Unico in 1836 George Yount planted the very first grapevines in Napa in an area that is now aptly known as Yountville some 145 years later Christian muax purchased this historic Vineyard which is called napanook at the time of this acquisition Mr muax was managing his family's famous Bordeaux properties following the acquisition the Bordeaux management Concepts in terms of grape growing and wine making were implemented at the napan winery which is called Dominus estate Dominus estate has gone on to become one of the most successful napa-based wineries of the last several decades while recent vintages of Dominus estate frequently flirt with perfection I prefer my indominus estate with substantial age on it and in my view you really can't beat the Dominus estate from the very late 1980s and the 1990s for current drinking the most recent example of that is the 1994 Dominus estate which I recently tasted from six liter and which comes in at number number nine in my top 10 wines of 2022. this impressive wine was drinking very very youthfully from the large format it featured a magical mix of black and blue fruit leather tobacco pencil lead Cedar and dried herbs these flavors were perfectly balanced by Abundant acidity swine was intensely concentrated yet elegant if you have not yet tried Domino's estate wines from the 1990s or the late 1980s I highly recommend it it's definitely wine that I think that you would enjoy especially if you're a fan of Bordeaux based wines new releases of Dominus estate sell for around 300 but if you'd like to get a feel for the house style you can definitely look into the wine that's called napanook which sells for around 80 to 85 or so and which is an outstanding wine and one that offers compelling quality for a Napa based wine aged champagne can be polarizing some people dislike it because they prefer the freshness and effervescence that comes with younger champagne for some however there are a few things better and I'm one of those who think that a champagne can be life-changingly good next wine in my top 10 wines of 2022 namely the 1976 Dom Perignon Uno Tech the 1976 Dom Perignon has probably been responsible for at least three of my top all-time champagne experiences and so I'm always very excited to try it this outstanding champagne has some slight effervescence that shared many similarities with the grand crew white burgundy at this stage deep caramel apples baked pear honey roasted almonds dried red apple were all readily apparent Rich honeydeed spices funnel cake toasted brioche sweet dried herbs yellow field flowers and densely powered Limestone followed suit in Majestic layers of Awesomeness the Finish was a gorgeous complex interplay of sweet and savory that lingered on your palate for well over a minute definitely one that is well deserving of the number eight spot in my top 10 wines of 2022. my tasting group was recently very fortunate to be able to do a comparison tasting of the village wines of domain lawa from the challenging 2004 vintage the Chevy shambertan was discussed in last week's video but today I'm discussing the very impressive 2004 domain lawa Von rominae which finished number seven in my top 10 wines of 2022 initially reticent this wine gained weight and expressiveness with some air in the glass it was never as aromatic as the others however as is customary with Lua there was tremendous complexity and purity of fruit descriptors included sour cherry blood orange rose petal Violet Earth and Asian five spice there was abundant acidity and the Finish was extraordinarily long a very memorable experience in one that we will not soon forget 1964 is a legendary vintage in Rioja and while it was traveling through Spain this past summer I found not one but two examples of 1964 Rioja to taste at a restaurant while one of them was more of a novelty at this stage in 1964 Kune Imperial Grand Reserva was simply stunning The aromatics Haunt me to this day gorgeous dried red cherry fruit was juxtaposed with leather forest floor Orange Peel espresso and mixed spice this ethereal wine coded your palate like a cashmere sweater on a chilly winter afternoon this wine had a body that was very similar and reminiscent of an aged high-end red burgundy just extremely impressive in fact we were so impressed with this bottle that we also ordered a 1994 and 2004 cune Imperial Grand Reserva so that we could do a comparison tasting of all three all three of those vintages are considered excellent in Rioja all three of these wines were extraordinary and very very memorable the best thing about the kunai Imperial Grand Reserva is that this is also one of the most affordable Wines in my top 10 list at least for new releases in fact even in the United States you can purchase a bottle of Imperial Grand Reserva from a more recent release for around 70 or so and you can certainly pick it up for less than that in Europe the next wine in my top 10 wines of 2022 was served to me blind shortly after I had tasted a six liter bottle of 1990 Pichon Barone and the aforementioned 1994 Dominus estate from 6 liter both of those wines were exceptional and this wine certainly had some formidable competition but I could tell with a blind taste of this wine that the quality level rivaled if not surpassed those two wines and as it turned out this wine was the 1989 Chateau Lafitte the 1990 chateola feet finished number two in my top 10 wines of 2021 and this wine is certainly very close in quality to that outstanding line aristocrat aromatics of red currant Blackberry leather forest floor tobacco pencil lead Earth truffle and violet were all readily apparent but the palette was the real showstopper here this wine featured layer after layer of complex Cedar infused fruit way back in 1755 a famous French Statesman once said I've discovered the wines of Chateau Lafitte to be a delicious generous cordial comparable to the Ambrosia of the gods of Olympus I certainly agree with him if you're interested in wine recommendations wine collecting strategies and learning more about wine please do subscribe to my channel I've been collecting wine for more than 15 years and also have a level 4 diploma from the WSET so I have both formal certification as well as substantial practical Knowledge from the School of Hard Knocks for those who are wondering yes there is absolutely a white wine on my list this year and what a white wine it is the 1986 Marquez de morietta Castillo egai Blanco ground Reserva Especial was the first wine to ever receive a 100 Point score from wine Advocate and that score was well deserved this is undoubtedly one of the best white wines that I have ever tasted this phenomenal wine was aged in Oak for 21 years and then it spent seven years in concrete followed by another three years in the bottle before it was released in December of 2016. only 8 125 bottles were produced in a mere 900 of them made it to the United States this wine largely consists of Vero which is also known as macabeo but there was a little bit of malvasia as well the grapes for this impressive wine were sourced from The capilania Vineyard which is the highest altitude area of the ige estate The Vines were planted way back in 1945. this wine was tasted twice this year with consistent results one time I had it over at dinner and enjoyed it over four hours and the other time I tasted it over the course of a four to five hour wine tasting with our tasting group numerous discrete descriptors were readily identifiable lemon lime beeswax honey orange zest marzipan Peach Whetstone and many many more every time he went back to this wine you got something different the Finish was astonishingly long and complex just a truly mind-blowing wine incidentally I also considered including the 2001 Lopez Heredia tondonia Grand Reserva Rioja Blanco in my top 25 wines this year but in the end I ultimately decided just to make that one an honorable mention choice the first time I tasted the legendary 1982 Pichon Milan I was absolutely Blown Away it had simply outclassed every other wine that ever tasted to that point last year this amazing wine finished number one in my top 10 wines of 2021 but this year a bottle that I tasted came in at number three in my top 10 wines of 2022. while some recent past experiences with this wine have proved the adage that there are no great wines only great bottles with the first sniff we knew that this wine was firing on all cylinders a captivating Kaleidoscope of black and red fruit exploded from the glass along with a mix of Cedar graphite pencil lead and beguiling floral Aromas as amazing as the aromatics were the palette was even better silky Supple sensual elegant red fruit coated by tongue each glorious sip delivered layer after layer of complex flavors the fruit was astonishingly pure and the Finish was breathtaking when you have a great bottle of 1982 Pichon the lawn it can overwhelm your senses like very few wines can for those who are wondering new releases of Pisha on the law and sell for about 220 or so in the United States and probably substantially less than that in Europe one of my favorite quotes about shitoti Kim comes from a gentleman named Frederick dard and Mr dard explained that he does not consider shatoti Kim to be a wine because they're an infinite number of wines as such he prefers the word nectar the drink of the Gods well I'll do my best to explain what makes satoti chem special even the most eloquent explanation does not do it justice you simply have to experience it in fact in the 1855 classification there was no other producer that was even comparable and so Chateau de cam received its own separate classification shitudikem combines the perfect terroir for making sweet wines from Noble Rot orbitritus with meticulous winemaking in fact it takes the fruit from one entire Grapevine just to make one glass of chatoi Kim not one bottle but one glass The Vineyard is planted to 80 Simeone and 20 sauvignon blanc as a side note most topsaturn is made primarily from semione as Semion age is much better than something unblocked us the grapes are painstakingly harvested buried by Berry by scores of top trained Pickers who are able to distinguish between Noble Rot or black or gray rod and to only pick a single Berry if it's achieved optimal ripeness this quest for Perfection can span weeks and typically requires at least 10 to 12 passes through the vineyard by this crew of trained Pickers following fermentation the wine is aged a new French Oak for an impressive 30 months the 1967 Chateau de cam is legendary it's widely considered to be one of the top three vintages of chaturi chem from the 1900s our tasting group chipped in to buy this wine from a 750 milliliter bottle descriptors were too numerous to list exhaustively but included apricot Peach poached pear Quince candy ginger vanilla cinnamon praline Mandarin Citron honey toasted almonds honeysuckle Blossom and saffron on the palette this wine was simultaneously powerful and delicate the ample is acidity created tactile tension and perfectly balanced the sweetness and flavors just when you think you experience this wine at Peak intensity it continues to expand on your palate in France they say that shitoticam spreads like a peacock's tail like many dessert wines Saturn is out of Vogue now and that includes chatoti chem as a result shatota chem is certainly one of the very best values among super high-end collectible wines when you compare the price of shitoti chem to top high-end burgundy or to First growth Bordeaux you can purchase chateaudi Kim for a small fraction of the cost of those other wines of comparable quality in fact you can typically expect to pay about 225 dollars for a half bottle of a newer release of chatori chem which while certainly not inexpensive is a small fraction of what you would pay for some of those other ones better still with the Chateau de cam you only need a small taste of it to appreciate it and so even a half bottle can be enjoyed by a group that includes eight to ten people and if each of you chip in a little bit of money for the purchase of a half bottle you could do that for as little as twenty to thirty dollars a person based on the Northern Rowan region of France domain egagal makes some of my all-time favorite wines these so-called la la wines which include La Moline La London and La Turk are the Crown Jewel of the domain egalina and for gigal fans you'd be interested to note that there's a fourth Lala wine that will be coming out in the not too distant future the LA London Vineyard which is 100 Surah was planted back in 1975 to commemorate Philippe gigal's birth La London tends to be the most robust of the la la wines both because it has 100 Syrah which means they don't co-ferment any vienne in this wine and because they use the most robust cat management technique on this wine specifically they use the punching down technique back in March our tasting group had a Syrah tasting which concentrated on some of the best syrahs in the entire world included in that tasting were two different vintages of penfold's Grange as well as a Shah of Hermitage which is another one of my favorite syrahs but it was the 1989 gigal La London coat Roti that was the wine of the night for me that night and which in fact is my wine of 2022. descriptors included a beguiling blend of black cherry plum smoked meat licorice iron tapenade white pepper leather rosemary thyme sage and many more these flavors perfectly balance the Abundant acidity the Finish was long lingering and extremely complex after each sip I sat there in silence just enjoying it to myself much like I do when I'm at a museum appreciating an artistic Masterpiece depending on the Vintage you can sometimes purchase bottles of the Lala wines for as little as 325 or so in the United States if there's a top vintage you may pay a little bit more than that however one of my Insider tips is to purchase the Chateau Dam Pui this is the gigal wine that offers exceptional quality at a small fraction of the price you can oftentimes get chateau dampui for around 120 dollars a bottle or so

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardbrice8330 [1 likes]: This list is killing me, as it started out with Spanish wines, which I am not well-versed in. And yes, I love old champagne.
  2. @albertosparrow [1 likes]: Incredible list. Congratulations. Great Spanish wines. I saw that a stainless steel strainer was used for sediments. Can that affect the taste of high-end wines?
  3. @windowintowineoninstagram5463 [1 likes]: Fantastic lineup. Cheers
  4. @rjo8500 [1 likes]: I’ve popped open quite a few bottles this past year. Taking price, quality and overall enjoyment into consideration - my favorite was the 2020 B Wise Trios Cabernet Sauvignon Moon Mountain District, Estate Grown.
  5. @angusmcmillan8981 [1 likes]: Enjoyed your vid, many thanks. I have my last bottle of 1982 Pichon Lalande and also just one 1994 Dominus and will pop both corks soon. They’re in good shape, with excellent levels. What’s your advice about decanting? Thanks.
  6. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Chateau lynch bages ….my fav
  7. @simply417guy [1 likes]: Question: at 1:16 you say “following about an hour of air” and I know that you mean the wine has been poured out of a bottle into a decanter but my question is do you let the wine just sit there for an hour, no swirling, and if so, how does air reach down into the liquid to aerate it? Since only the literal 1/1000 of an inch on top is exposed to air, make sense? 😊
  8. @GeneDexter [1 likes]: Awesome. Goals. 🏆❤
  9. @megatrendy1 [1 likes]: Maybe you think I'm a fool,  but I am looking forward to try the next Montrachet or Musigny - and none of these wines! Cheers!🍷
  10. @fabient2778 [1 likes]: Thanks john - i just got 2 Yquem 1967 from Sokolin.. looking forward to experience with foie gras towards year end. Great video!
  11. @nochblad55 [1 likes]: The greatest white wine I have ever tasted was a 1928 Krug. No fizz but a deep straw colour. Sublime taste
  12. @mbos4115 [1 likes]: Not sure if this list is that useful for majority of audience.  But I guess it is a good list.  

I would do something that release the year of 2022, that is easily obtainable this year.
  13. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Amazing video!
  14. @marinaaraujo3490 [1 likes]: Muy bueno 🍷🍷
  15. @ronaldhonda2276 [1 likes]: Attorney Som, you have done it again. Excellent choices for your top ten of 2022.  Only you would think of including Leroy's village wines.  This is a stroke of genius.  I happen to think that Leroy's village wines are some of the best Pinots out there. The Imperial Grand Reserva? Don't get me started on this one. I have two cases of both the '64 and '94. You certainly know your stuff, brother.
One question, Attorney Som, How come there is no pricing on the Chateau Latour 2017?
I really love your selections, made me thirsty, man.  Well done, and keep up the good work.
  16. @mzxmzx9561 [1 likes]: Nice video as always. Just curious were you in Hawaii when you filmed this episode? 🎉
  17. @lbcasino2346 [1 likes]: Your getting really good John and entertaining to listen to ! Keep up the great videos.
  18. @Altosax449 [1 likes]: Dominus… first bought that wine back in 2002. What a wonderful wine. Thanks for your list.
  19. @suginami123 [1 likes]: Guigal is my top maker. Never disappoints. I also love white hermitage, stunning wines. I will always take a risk on that region and Languedoc. My favourite region is Alsace.
  20. @nochblad55: First - don't say Chateau d'Yquem  but Chateau Yquem as it is properly pronounced in the trade.

- Wine Collecting: TOP TEN Wines of 2023! (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to identify my 10 favorite wines from all of 2023 these are the best of the best I'm going to start out with wine number 10 and work my way backwards to my favorite wine of the year coming in at number 10 is a Bordeaux from guo lose this particular wine comes from the legendary 1961 vintage initially I was a little bit concerned that this wine would be past Peak but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was still within its drinking window this was an outstanding effort for gri lose much like the 1982 vintage which is definitely another one of my favorites from this producer guol la ro is a second growth in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux but it's been somewhat inconsistent over the years but this particular wine was showing extremely well with dried red and black fruit tobacco Cedar and forest floor it was very much a classic Claret with a little bit of austerity but certainly quite elegant if you're interested in trying some guo lose wines you'll definitely want to consider the vintages from 2018 through 2022 they even made a 2021 that's received some critical Acclaim but 2022 is definitely their strongest that one is currently available on Futures so definitely give that some consideration either now or once it's ultimately released l c is a premier crew climat within the shamul musini appalation in burgundy Pon Vines cover the hillside directly above the village where the Terr is good enough to make some of shmul musen top Premier Crew wines the fruit for this next impressive wine for example comes from a parcel that's not far from the Gran crew climat bonamar this wine is from the 2019 vintage so it's definitely the youngest wine in my top 25 countdown for 2023 but it's certainly welld deserving of its spot as it comes from legendary burgundy producer domain rier I'm talking about the 2019 domain rier shamul musini lra Premier crew it definitely helped that this wine had been in the decanter for 90 minutes to 2 hours before I tasted it but while it was very young it was also extremely impressive and elegant on the pallette this wine was extremely refined with layered flavors and silky tannin there was ample acidity to balance the pronounced flavor intensity and there was a long lingering finish definitely a wine I'd very much like to revisit in about 10 years or so after it's gained some additional complexity but it's already an extremely enjoyable wine and very deserving of the number nine spot in my top 25 wines of 2023 according to Franco biondi Santi the characteristic of Brunello is its longevity nature is capable of producing beautiful things you just have to wait and so we did with this next wine which finished number eight in my top 25 wines of 2023 this is the 1985 Beyond Santi Bello deont Chino Reserva beond Santi Reserva is a very special wine that's only produced in top vintages as such it's only been produced around 40 times going all the way back to 1888 when it is produced it's produced in very small quanti ities further only about 60% of the production is released an impressive 40% of the production or just less than half is set aside for future Library offerings the beond Santi Reserva always includes a substantial percentage of fruit from the IL grepo Estates prized old Vines which were planted way back in the 1930s beond Santi Reserva matures for around 36 months in large slavonian Oak followed by 2 years in Bottle before it's released the 40% of the Reserva that's not released remains in lto R until it's sold in the meantime they put a drop of beeswax on the cork to prevent oxidation and they don't label the wine until it's sold in lasa Rica biondi Santi essentially has a Wine Vault that contains all the biondi Santi reservas that they've ever produced and that they haven't sold yet going all the way back to the 1880s I tasted the 1985 Beyond Santi Reserva as part of a vertical tasting of reservas that also included the 1998 1999 2004 2006 and 2016 reservas amongst those who attended this tasting opinions differed on which of the wines was their favorite certainly in the long run I could see the 2016 ultimately being the best of the lot and that's certainly a beond Santi Reserva that I would highly recommend to wine collectors as I think it's going to be absolutely phenomenal after it has some additional bottle age but as much as I enjoy the younger biondi Santi reservas for me the choice for wine of the night and ultimately for which of these excellent reservas would make my top 25 was clear by the end of the night it was the 1985 for me there's just nothing quite like a beond Santi Reserva with Decades of bottle age on it located in leonan not far from the Bordeaux City Center L Mission opron would undoubtedly be given strong consideration for first growth status if the 1855 classification of Bordeaux were to be Revisited the 1990 vintage in Bordeaux is one of my absolute favorites and it's showing extremely well right now especially for top wines such as the 1990 lission oon and so that impressive wine comes in at number seven in my top one wines of 2023 this outstanding wine is absolutely within its prime drinking window at the moment after about an hour in the decanter flavors and Aromas included red fruits such as red cherries and red currant but these were balanced by descriptors such as tobacco smoked earth warm gravel cigar wrapper and forest floor really an outstanding wine with a very long complex finish if you have this wine in your Sellar you definitely want to look for an occasion to open it as it's not going to get much better than it is at the moment there's certainly no rush to drink it however as it's in no danger of falling off either well I certainly enjoy white wines and I do my best to come up with a diverse list of wines for my top 25 each year I don't taste that many white wines that have the gravitas to be included in the top 25 and especially in the top 10 this next one however is welld deserving of the number six spot in my top 10 wines of 2023 this is the very first Spanish white wine to ever receive 100 points from wine Advocate I'm talking about the 1986 Marquez de Moretta Castillo eigi Blanco Gran Reserva despite the fact that the fruit for this special wine was harvested way back in 1986 it was not released until December 2016 in the meantime it matured for around 21 years in neutral Oak then spent 7even years in concrete and another 3 years in Bottle before it was ready for release this special wine is primarily made up of vuro which is also known as maabo but there's a little bit of malva as well the vines that produce the fruit for this wine are planted at the highest point of the Marquez de Moretta Castillo IGI estate and were planted way back in this wine is made in an oxidative style and it's extraordinarily complex I enjoyed it two times in the past year with consistent results this is a wine that evolves dramatically over the course of an evening and pretty much every time you check on it you'll get something different this is a mind-blowingly complex wine and one that I highly recommend if you're unsure whether or not you'd like to invest in this wine then I would definitely encourage you to try some other white wines from arquez De maretta first to make sure that you enjoy them they have some extraordinary white wines that are under the capellania name including the capania grand Reserva Blanco which are also truly exceptional but which can be had for a fraction of the cost of this wine if you're interested in wine recommendations wine collecting strategies and learning more about wine please do subscribe to my channel I've been collecting wine for more than 15 years and also have a level four diploma from the W so I have both formal certification as well as substantial practical Knowledge from the School of Hard KNX due to the difficult weather conditions in Champagne it can be a real challenge to produce a highquality Prestige champagne even in a strong vintage so rather than create a vintage champagne from a single vintage Laurent perer Grand CA instead seeks to recreate the perfect vintage by blending wine from three different declared vintages for example GR CA number 20 includes fruit from the 1999 vintage the 1997 vintage and the truly exceptional 1996 vintage I'm a huge fan of the grand sea program and always look forward to new releases of grand sea and I was very pleased that James suckling awarded the number 26 the wine of the year for 2023 I very much enjoyed that wine but laurant perier also has a special program called layer Reserve layer Reserve involves graga bottlings that undergo additional Le Aging in Magnum so for example I was able to taste the L Reserve iteration number 20 from Magnum earlier this year and that special wine spent 20 years on leaves before being released this was my first experience with this champagne and it was definitely an eye-opening one this champagne featured The Best of Both Worlds it was incredibly fresh and Youthful due to the large format but yet had extraordinary complex due to the extended Le aging Lopez Aria is a family-owned wiry that's located in the heart of Roha in Aros Spain lopezia was founded way back in 1877 and is certainly one of the oldest and most traditional producers of Roha it's particularly well known for producing tempero based wines that it ferments in matures for an extended period of time in neutral Oak prior to release Lopez already is known for producing wines that are extraordinarily age-worthy it's extremely difficult to locate them however as even when I was in rioa and other parts of Spain specifically seeking out older vintages of Lopez Heredia it was very difficult to find them this is particularly true for the vinot tondonia grand Reserva bottlings as Vino tondonia is the Crown Jewel vineard at Lopez Heredia and so I was absolutely ecstatic earlier this year when I went to Los Angeles and was able to find the 1968 Lopez Heredia VI tondonia Grand Reserva Roha at that restaurant of course we were a little bit concerned about the provenance of this wine and wanted to know some details about it before we pulled the trigger and ordered it but the somier and the owner of the restaurant explained that this was a bottle that they purchased directly from the winery during a visit to Roha the bottle also appeared to be in pristine condition so we went went ahead and ordered it and it turned out that the most challenging part of the night was just getting it open with the sealed wax capsule that was on it but once the hard part was over and we were able to pour this wine it took about 15 minutes or so to open up but then it was absolutely incredible and this wine did not fall off despite being open for more than two hours or so a truly impressive wine in one that's extraordinarily age worthy the first time I tried the legendary 198 to pichan the LA I was absolutely blown away that wine was in a league of its own and it had simply outclassed every other wine I had had to that point it overwhelmed my senses like no other wine had done ever since that first magical experience I've done whatever I reasonably could to taste the 1982 Pichon the LA at Future opportunities and so it was a no-brainer for me to travel to Chicago to participate in a 21 vintage vertical tasting of peich on the lawn that featured the 1982 Pichon the LA as the headliner fortunately both of the bottles of the 1982 pichan the LA that they were tasting that night were ex chatau as I've discovered that exhau bottles or bottles from large formats are definitely the best way to go at this point in time as the 1982 Pichon the LA is no longer in its prime drinking window and some bottles in 750s that have not been well preserved may be dis appointing but when you are able to find either a large format or a bottle that's been well preserved the 1982 pich on the LA is more than capable of delivering an exceptional and memorable drinking experience that you won't soon forget and so the 1982 pich on the LA finish number three in my top 25 wines of 2023 if you're looking for more information about this outstanding producer be sure to check the links in the description below as I recently did a comp apprehensive in detailed video on pichan laand while chevel blong is located in s Amion it's right on the palmeral border and the terroir for around onethird of its Vineyards is quite similar to the top Estates in palmeral this helps to explain why shovel blanc's wines can be so opulent in addition shovel blanc's Vineyards have three distinct soil types and by blending fruit from each of these three distinct soil types shovel blancs wine is able to achieve tremendous complexity we were extremely fortunate that someone contributed the 1990 chevel Blan to our nine bottle double blind tasting of top Bordeaux from the 80s and 90s earlier this year the 1990 shovel Blanc received a perfect 100 Point score from decanter and it's easy to see why while the nose was world class the pallet was absolutely breathtaking this wine featured a silky velvety texture and it CR your tongue with waves of vibrant pure complex fruit the Finish lasted for close to a minute while it was intensely concentrated it was also light and ethereal which is a phenomenon I like to describe as intensely ethereal and so this wine finished in a two-way tie with picha on the LA as wine number three in my top wines of 2023 way back in 1912 woodro Wilson was elected president of the United States the Titanic crashed into an iceberg and sank in the Atlantic Ocean and the grapes for an absolutely Monumental 1912 verdello Madera Reserva were harvested 1912 was a legendary vintage for medira and the grapes for this impressive wine came from the family's estate Vineyard and were highly praised as being a source of tremendously high quality verdello this is certainly a premier bottling of madira in its one that's classified as a frara which is the term used for a vintage madira that's aged in wood for at least 20 years before it's released this was an absolutely stunning wine that had pronounced aromatic in flavor intensity flavors and Aromas included honey molasses dates rancio leather mixed spice Orange Peel lavender smoked meat and much more there was some sweetness but it was definitely offset by ample acidity the Finish was extraordinarily long and complex as incredible as this 11-year-old wine was on its own it made for an absolutely mindblowing match with the restaurant signature dessert which was sticky toffee pudding with a toffee sauce that was poured tableside several times in my top 25 videos I've referred to the nine bottle double blind Bordeaux tasting that featured top Bordeaux from the 19 1980s in the 1990s that tasting was certainly one of the wine highlights of the year as four bottles from my top 25 came from that nine bottle tasting I've already discussed three of those bottles namely the 1982 Lynch baj the 1990 L Mission oon and the 1990 chevel Blan when you first participated in some of these tastings where you have eight or nine high quality Bordeaux like this one and they're all poor double blind it can be extremely overwhelming and so what I learned to do is to go through each of the different wines and nose them and just smell them to try to get some familiarity with the wines and to form some First Impressions and also make sure all the wines are sound so in this tasting there were nine glasses in front of me and i' had been smelling them one by one but once I got to number five it was an absolute show stoer just by smelling it I could tell immediately that that was going to be a front runner and the potential wine of the night it really stood out and it was absolutely perfect in every single way there were refined aristocratic aromatics of red currant Blackberry tobacco pencil Le Cedar leather violets forest floor and much more so at this point I hadn't even tasted this wine but I knew just by nosing it that it was definitely going to be a standout and most likely going to be my choice for wine of the and sure enough it actually blew away all the other competition despite the fact that the other wines were extremely formidable and impressive in their own right this wine was not the most powerful or the most concentrated wine of the lineup but it was the most elegant and refined and it was Practically Perfect in every single way possible I even have a friend who enjoys this producer but it's not his favorite producer because he said that he thinks that the wines are are too perfect and he finds wine more interesting if it has some slight idiosyncrasy or some slight imperfection but unlike my friend perfect is good enough for me so I'm pleased to announce that my wine of the year for 2023 is the 1996 Chau leit Ros child if you'd like to learn more about Chau leit Ros child or if you'd like to see part one of this top 25 be sure to check the links in the description below

  Top Comments:
  1. @gogreenmsu03 [3 likes]: Having followed your channel for years now, I’m no longer shocked by the awe inspiring level of the wines on your lists.

My wine of the year is probably something you popped on a random Tuesday with a box of Cheez-Its!

Kidding, of course.  It’s fun to see these top wines you were able to experience, but, most of all, thanks for all the very practical recommendations you provide.
  2. @baileyklink1416 [2 likes]: I went to a gruard larose tasting in NYC last month. They had vintages dating back to their 1919! It was amazing ❤️❤️ the 37 was my FAVORITE
  3. @hxl6162 [2 likes]: John Merry Christmas, may all your wishes come through in this new year, best regards from Brazil.
  4. @wren460 [2 likes]: I am all in for Viña Tondonia Reserva. I bought a couple of cases of the 2010 and plan to open them a few this decade and many more in the 2030s. I dont have a list as you do, but I think my wine of the year is the Maybach Materium 2012.  Feliz Navidad John !!!  The best to you and your loved ones. Wishing 2024 will bring lots of nes subscribers to your channel and lots of interesting new wines.
  5. @Ruirspirul [2 likes]: Biondi Santi Reserva 2016 was already incredible now. I can only imagine how well it will age. incredible wine…
  6. @megatrendy1 [1 likes]: I liked a lot the 1982 and the 1962 vintages of Gruaud-Larose:  both really excellent! The 1962 should have been kept under well conditions, for sure. In cellartracker, I saw an excellent tasting note of 2021. I had the 1962 beside the 1961 about 30 years ago, and I even preferred the 1962 in front of the 1961! It had an unique charm that the 1961s don't have. But I still do have a Jeroboam of 1962 and I'm happy!🙂 P.S.: the 2022 will also be in my focus!
  7. @angusmcmillan8981 [1 likes]: Thanks. I’ve never had 1961 Gruaud Larose but about thirty years ago had the 1962 which was excellent but overshadowed by the 61. I read that the 62 is still drinking well, and is available at a far lower price.
  8. @garganega [1 likes]: Next time you're in China can you bring back a Penfolds 707 and taste it on the channel?
  9. @stephengibson1813 [1 likes]: Great video, and a lot of enviable wines on your list.  Old wines are amazing if you can find them.  We had a nice tasting year as well.  My top 5 for this year are:

5. 40 Anos Porto S. Leronardo
4. La Cumbre Syrah 2010
3. 2007 Casa E. Di Mirafiore Barolo Lazzarito
2. 1964 Faustino Gran Reserva
1. 1976 Vina Real Gran Reserva

Looking forward to more videos and tasting great wines in 2024
  10. @whitelightning2291 [1 likes]: "Perfect is good enough for me" 😂🙌🥂
  11. @numanuma20 [1 likes]: Merry Christmas John. This video is great. Rioja Blanco is underrated. The only one I’ve had was the Cune Monopole  Classico that I highly recommend. It’s aged in Sherry butts adding great complexity and sherry notes.
  12. @siebener777 [1 likes]: The 2010 Marques de Murrieta catillo ygay  riserva espacial is in my top 10 of this year and number one of my spanish wines this year. Love to see some Inspiration from you regarding spain,looking forward to try some of them of this list. Thank you sir.
  13. @tommyppq2314 [1 likes]: I was on the edge of my seat as you were about to announced your wine of the year, just as the 1989 Montrose came across the screen, because I still have a case of the 1989 montrose left in my cellar.  Since Lafite is one of my favorite wines I could live with your 1996 Lafite pick :)
  14. @drmatthewhorkey [1 likes]: Baller wines… I agree with u on BSR 16’. That vintage is just stellar among all parts of Europe.
  15. @henriklindhansen6456 [1 likes]: Omg... 
Do you have any wines left on your bucket list ? 😁
  16. @Yeoldelole [1 likes]: Attorney Somm! Is there any way to be included for consideration on any of these insane sounding tastings you attend throughout the year? I would have paid a LOT of money to be in that Chicago Bordeaux one. Cheers and well done.
  17. @Pseudopimelodidae [1 likes]: Great wines John! My top 3 wines of the year were: 
3. 2018 Domaine Pattes Loup Chablis Vent d'Ange. 
2. 2018 La Spinetta Barolo Garretti 
1. 2017 Domaine Faiveley Gevrey-Chambertin "Vieilles vignes"
  18. @stevenholt4936 [1 likes]: I have half a case of the 2016 Gruaud Larose. Needs another few years, obviously, before tasting.
Glad you included a Rioja. I have changed my mind for the Christmas wine for tomorrow, btw: it will (definitely) be a 2012 Ardanza. 
Vintage Port doesn't feature much in your videos. Not a fan?
I opened a 40 yo Tawny last night - superb. I love Vintage but it doesn't always love me back: I have some 1994, which is waiting for a special occasion to open the next bottle. 
My only experience of Lafite was a disappointing one - an off year (1973, I think) at a blind tasting I had organised. It didn't feature in anyone's top three, including mine and I knew what it was!
  19. @gustavomgomes [1 likes]: Exquisite list! Curious about the white ygay! Cheers !
  20. @carlcadregari7768 [1 likes]: Happy holidays John!   Sounds like you had an amazing year!  That’s the first time I’ve heard anyone use the term rancio in a descriptor, and wouldn’t have known what it was if I hadn’t just finished my studies on rancio sec wines from Roussillion.   I hope your 2024 is filled with even more joy and great wines!   Cheers!

- Inside New York’s Exclusive Billionaire Wine Tastings: Kind: captions Language: en Mark Oldman: $20,000 a bottle at least. Maybe $30,000 a bottle. Welcome to the Wine Sanctuary. Emily Christian: Today, we are getting an inside look into one of New York City's most exclusive wine-tasting experiences. We are stepping into the Wine Sanctuary of Mark Oldman, a world-renowned wine expert with a personal collection that he says is worth over half a million dollars. A private tasting with Mark is an experience usually reserved for A-list wine lovers willing to shell out up to $3,000 a ticket. But today, Mark's going to teach me how to taste like a billionaire. [Mark groans] Emily: I did it. Mark: You're killing me. Emily: I talked about wine. Mark: Honestly, I've been on the scene in New York ever since I taught my wine seminars in SoHo 25 years ago. I've gone to countless wine tastings. Even though sometimes I teach very illustrious wines, at my heart I'm an anti-snob, and I want people to feel comfortable around wine. Château d'Yquem 1937. Some say this is the best year of the best dessert wine. These are Henri Jayer, the godfather of all Burgundy winemakers. They look like humble bottles, but this would probably be $20,000 a bottle at least, maybe $30,000 a bottle. The name is Richebourg, and you could say this is the ultimate riche beverage. This is Madeira from 1933. 1933 was the year of the repeal of Prohibition. Emily: Mark's "Drink Like a Billionaire" wine tastings are named after his newest book. They are a bespoke series of group events ranging from $499 all the way up to $3,000 a person that aim to teach anyone wanting to broaden their vocabulary in the world of wine. Mark: "Like a Billionaire" tastings, most of them are here at my Wine Sanctuary. And I built this, brick by brick, furnishing by furnishing, to be a cozy getaway from the velocity of life. I've had no end of celebrities, sports figures, many illustrious people come through here. Billionaires want the best of everything, but they don't necessarily order from the reserved list at a restaurant. They want to economize, just like everyone else. So, part of my job is to help people figure out what they like and what they don't like. While giving them a framework. Opening people's eyes to the possibilities in wine is what I'm all about. Emily: I sat down with Mark to experience one of his tastings firsthand and hopefully pick up a few useful tips along the way. Mark: I want to show you how different various styles of a particular wine can be. I mean, that's one of the great lessons that my clients learn, that there are different manifestations depending on the sunshine in the region and the soil and so forth. So, we have two sauvignon blanc, and then you spin it, then you smell it. Try that. Tilt it right in. Nose in. [sniffing] Mm. Emily: Hmm. Is that part of it? Mark: Yeah, yeah. If you want to double the magnitude of the smell, cover the wine with your hand. Emily: Also it helps any splash that may happen. Mark: Exactly. Smell it. And what's the difference when you smell it now? Emily: It's stronger. Mark: Much stronger. Emily: It is much stronger! Mark: Lid it, smell it, and then drink. Both: Mm. Mark: Do not drink sequentially. Drink simultaneously. Emily: Ooh. Mark: Now go back to that one. Good. For two different sauvignon blancs... Emily: I like how I'm just getting to drink two wines. Mark: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, what's the difference between these two? Emily: This one seems crisper to me, a little lighter. Mark: Completely. Emily: And this one's, like, creamier. Emily: I did it! Mark: Let's show you a porrón. In Spain, they're really into celebration. What we're going to do, you can do it with any wine, but I like white wine because it doesn't stain. Emily: Right, 'cause there's a high-percentage chance that I'm gonna spill something. Mark: Yeah, let me just show you how it's done. So, what you do is you start it with the spout close to your mouth, and then you arc it out like a Roman fountain. Emily: OK. Whoa! Oh, I'm going to mess that up. I'm a little nervous. Mark: So, close, and then tilt it towards you. Excellent, and then up, up. Oh, that's good for your first time, that's amazing. Emily: This is my new favorite way to drink wine. I'm all in. I'm all in on the porrón. Wow, beautifully done. Beautifully done. Mark: Excellent. Yeah. Oh, perfect! And what I like to show my clients is that pinot noir actually tastes better, and lighter reds and sometimes for some people all reds, when it has a bit of a chill. I know it might seem like you're a philistine. But no, no, no. Emily: I'm really excited for what you're about to do. Mark: Order a little thing of ice. And here we go. And waiters who are truly wine-savvy will know what we're doing and not have a problem with it. Emily: This makes me feel justified about things that I've done before in the safety of my own apartment. Mark: There are those purists who have dilution anxiety, so what you can do is leave it in let's say 30 seconds and fish it out. Emily: That way it doesn't get watered down. Mark: Right. Emily: I see, I see. Mark: But we're all friends here. Emily: Yeah, we're going to leave it in because I've done that before and it tastes good. Mark: So try, oh yeah, so let's try your pinot when it's cooler. And you see how the flavors are focused? Emily: Yes. Mark: It's more refreshing. Emily: Yes. I really like wine. This is a really good day for me. Mark: So, for the final test, to see if you've really learned how to be a wine connoisseur, is we are going to pour Champagne against non-Champagne bubbly and see if you can taste which is the Champagne. Emily: So, I know Champagne only means the wine that comes from the region of Champagne, correct? Mark: Precisely. But only those grapes, from that region, can be called Champagne. Everything else is sparkling wine, or cava or prosecco, yeah. Emily: I'm ready. Mark: You're ready. And look at this. A blindfold. Mark: So, I'm pouring two cava. Cava is basically what they call Champagne in Spain. Emily: What should I be tasting to know that it's Champagne? Mark: Does it taste perhaps higher quality? Often, Champagne has a certain yeasty, and I mean that in a good way, baked-bread quality to it. And so the question is, does one of these have that extra dimension. Mark: So, two Spanish cava, one Champagne. Like a shell game, I'm going to move these around. One of the cava has a bit of rosé, just to make it even more difficult. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Try, try, go to this one. No, no, to your left. Yeah, lid it, spin it. Another thing about real Champagne is the bubbles, the texture tend to be pinpoint, they're not bigger. They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry. They have a kind of creamy texture. Emily: This to me feels like the Canada Dry. I'm ready for the next one. Mark: Your second is right here. Is this the Champagne, or is it the cava? We don't know, you're going to have to test it out. Emily: It smells different than the first. Mark: Breathe it all in and then taste it. Emily: I think this is the Champagne. Mark: Taste it. Why do you think this is the Champagne? Emily: It had that yeasty smell, and it has those creamier bubbles. I think this is, I haven't tasted a lot but I think this is it. I feel confident. Mark: Now try the third. Emily: This one, this is the rosé. Mark: Oh! Emily: Am I right? Are you kidding me? Yes. Thank you. Mark: I can't believe it. Emily: I can't believe it! Mark: We have a $20 Spanish cava against a $70 real Champagne versus a cava rosé. You guessed every single one of these. Ooh, I knew it! Mark: It's amazing how people at the very top of wine truly know how to relax around wine. As time goes on, you learn to loosen up about it and that the strict rules you thought were there are no longer there, and you can have fun with it and find out what you truly like. This is your portable la dolce vita, and that is maybe the best way to end any wine tasting. The look on her face says it all. Emily: Mark has shown me that to drink with the city's elite, all it takes is just a little bit of know-how and a whole lot of knowing how to have a good time. I think I'm a little tipsy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yulfi [1 likes]: "They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry" 😂
  2. @fanatiek1 [1 likes]: Anti snob 🤣🤣🤣
  3. @ms97-studio9: Ever wonder why some people have a distaste for those exclusive, ultra-high-end wine spots in New York? There’s a place out there so elite that you basically need to be a celebrity or incredibly wealthy just to get a personalized tasting with the owner. And that kind of exclusivity is exactly why everyday folks feel alienated by these places.
On the flip side, we have people like André Mack, a down-to-earth sommelier who became known through the Bon Appétit YouTube channel. He brings wine culture to the average person and makes it accessible and relatable. It’s people like him who open doors rather than close them, and that’s exactly the kind of attitude that earns respect from the broader community. 

Some might argue that keeping things exclusive for the upper class is intentional—I get it. There’s a certain allure in catering to a niche crowd. But in reality, a smaller vineyard selling moderately priced wines consistently over time is often far more profitable. Those ultra-rare, one-bottle sales might make headlines, but the vineyards offering quality bottles at $10 to $50 a pop are playing the long game and bringing in way more steady revenue. It’s the difference between a one-off luxury splash and sustainable, inclusive success.
  4. @chulangaaverilhettiarachch3267: To the person reading this: Even though I don’t know you, I wish you the best of what life has to offer ❤
  5. @guitar911rock: he's not even drinking inn crystal glasses. this guy sux
  6. @spamham1976: 500k collection and serves 20$ wine. Yeah ok buddy. You can keep those empty bottles and tell someone else a story
  7. @watchoutticktock3660: 😩
  8. @SpencerMedici: It's hard to beat the DRC
  9. @TheShangdi: Pembicaraan ttg pengorbanan di UKRIDA :
@Niko Panjaitan
@Josua Satria Collins Ginting
@Ricky Pramono Hasibuan

@Microsoft Excel Sekolah Maria Fransisca
  10. @chicagolifetv: I love the insider girls mouth and the way she talks❤
  11. @thewhitewolf58: Poor people go on pub crawls. The rich have "wine tastings."
  12. @petemccutchen3266: This guy doesn't actually seem to know a lot about wine.  He's no sommelier.  And -- I have to say, I very much doubt billionaires taste with him.
  13. @westgarthwines: Makes you wonder what his casual, everyday wine choice would be. '61 Cheval Blanc and a burger?
  14. @LagunaSomm: $3,000 per ticket? Okay, that’s actually not bad at all. When I heard the words “billionaire” and “celebrity” and saw the prices on the bottles, I was thinking it was going to be ten times more, but I could actually afford that. I mean, not once a month, but maybe once as a Christmas or Birthday present or something, you know?
  15. @neomage2021: That 1933 Madeira isn't priceless. I paid $700 for that
  16. @timchase9829: Full bottles much more exciting that his collection of mt ones
  17. @VividMiddle: hold by the stem sir.
  18. @paris8777: why does this feel like a parody episode 😆
  19. @user-cp5rs4vt8t: Well he is no snob alright... did not open his jacket when sitting down.
  20. @DanaSeat: I like wine🍷🍾

- Client Testimonial: Why wine industry professionals and collectors use UOVO Wine: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Dan Rojenski. Uh, I work as a fine wine specialist for one of the largest and most important distribution companies here in the United States and I love wine. I was born and raised in Italy. I could just open the window of uh my home and literally see vineyards outside. So, uh it's kind of embedded in me. I became a collector working on other people's collections or on restaurant collections. Then little by little, you know, you start uh wanting certain things and wanting to drink and taste certain things. when uh I found Volvo, perfect seller conditions, the right uh amount of humidity, the right temperature, uh dark environment, uh things that as a collector are important to you. The people here truly care. The company cares. I've had firsthand opportunities to meet the CEO, the CFO, and so on so forth. They're all actively involved. It's truly a remarkable place. Knowing the people that manage the facility, knowing that your wine is in good hands, knowing that you have a place to go, that is also a community. That is something that Wo is exceptional at creating community. We talk a lot about wine, uniting people, but here it's really the case. People get to come share bottles, share experience, share stories, and every member has a different story. They come from a different environment regardless of where they came from. wine really unites and that's part of the reason why it's so great to be able to be part of this community. Uh it's hosted by individuals that truly care.

- What Are The Best Rare Wine Tastings At Napa Valley? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en What are the best rare wine tastings at Napa Valley? Imagine walking into a room filled with the most exclusive wines that only a few get to taste. Napa Valley is known for its world-class wines, but some are so rare they are almost impossible to find. During the festivals and special events, you get a chance to sample these hidden gems. One of the top experiences is the Howell Mountain Harvest Celebration. This event brings together over 40 wineries from the Howell Mountain American Viticultural Area. Many of these wineries are not open to the public normally and produce limited hard to get wines. You can taste and even buy these wines directly from the producers. The event takes place at the Culinary Institute of America at Copia and includes gourmet food and a silent auction with exclusive winery experiences. It is a favorite for those wanting to discover rare wines from this mountain region. Another mustsee is the auction Napa Valley. This is a big yearly event where wineries auction off rare wines and special experiences. Attendees can bid on large bottles known as magnums or even larger formats and enjoy dinners hosted by famous venters. The auction raises money for local charities and offers a chance to taste some of Napa's most sought-after wines. Then there is Festival Napa Valley's Taste of Napa. This event features over 90 wineries, many offering limited edition and rare vintages. Guests can sample these wines alongside culinary delights, making it a perfect way to find new favorites. Some wineries host intimate harvest parties and dinners where you can try rare vintages poured from large bottles. For example, Balachi Vineyards hosts a harvest cabernet dinner with exclusive pores from select vineyard blocks. These events often include conversations with the wine makers, giving you insight into how these special wines are made. Private estate and wine maker series tastings are also popular. Wineries like Axern Napa Valley offer small educational tastings focusing on single vineyard wines. These are often not available elsewhere and give a deep look into teroir and craftsmanship. Invitationonly events like Premier Napa Valley are the most exclusive. They gather the top wineries to showcase their rarest and most collectible wines. These tastings are highly limited and often requiring special invitations. Overall, these rare wine tastings are a big part of Napa Valley's festival scene. They combine the J of tasting exceptional wines with the excitement of discovering something truly unique. Whether it's through a large festival or an intimate private event, these experiences give visitors a chance to enjoy wines that are usually reserved for collectors and connoisseurs. It's a chance to celebrate Napa's rich wine- makingaking heritage while tasting some of the most exclusive bottles in the world.

- One Of The Top Three U.S. Wine Collections Is Located In New Jersey: Kind: captions Language: en if you know me I'm a little obsessed with wine at times to the point that I dream about it most nights today I get to realize a lot of those dreams as I walk among many of the true Legends and I'm bringing you along to what I consider the wine Hall of Fame believe it or not in rural Northwestern New Jersey hi again everybody this is Hank Zona The Grapes unwrapped we're coming to you today from Hamburg New Jersey specifically Crystal Springs Resort and the restaurant lure and I'm with Suzanne Wagner Suzanne is a Somalia here Suzanne thanks for having us in today my pleasure no thank thank you this is this is going to be really great because uh one of the things we wanted to do is come up here and see this spectacular wine collection here which is one of the largest in the United States and and you're the person who oversees this on a daily basis and and I think that's pretty cool and I think by the end of this most people are going to think it is too yes so how long have you been here at restaurant lur I've opened restaurant lur 12 years ago ah so I've been with Crystal Springs for 14 years now uh lur opened 12 years ago and while I was waiting for restaurant lur to open uh CH M Hill decided to build a wine Celler four flights below us literally in the cellar and I was asked to helped the wine director at the time so I said yes because at that time I had time and uh I haven't left the seller since so well it's a great place to not not have to leave it really is spectacular as we'll see soon the restaurant grew out of the resort and out of jeans wine collection if I'm not mistaken right that's right yes he built um Clubhouse 15 years ago uh 14 years ago he decided to build the wine so and then about 13 years ago he said well the wine Celler is really taking on nice a nice shape so we really should have a fine dining restaurant to offer the wines we have in the cellar and that's when the thought of lur came about today is a restaurant that is perennially in the top 25 in New Jersey corre it's recognized as one of the finest wine Collections and wine restaurants in the United States 12 years actually since the restaurant's open you've seen some significant changes both in the way people dine and the way people drink wine yes give us an example executive chef um buo Anthony buo uh and Chef um Martina kitka really focus on local ingredients seasonal ingredients everything fresh quite light has a French touch to it but the the food is really light very nicely presented you can easily have five courses or a seven course menu and not feel um not be wheeled out yes exactly uh before we go downstairs to check on the roughly 75,000 bottles that are here which is just a fascinating number and and hopefully we'll be able to to really show just how special it is down there and the and the breath of of of the collection uh we we have something on the table that that you said you like and it sort of fits in with the with with the philosophy of what's coming out of the kitchen these days correct that's correct really excited about and it's from California it's from Dry Creek Valley uh from the old world Winery uh David trobridge is the owner he is mainly um growing organic grapes when you taste a natural wine compared to a commercially produced wine you really can taste a difference and it's a perfect way to wet our whistle as we uh hit the elevator to go down into the four floors below four floors just that we are into into what going to be a remarkable um uh Playland of sorts a Disneyland for me of of wine so uh we will uh see you at the elevator and then head head on down we'll be back in a moment here in the and you can hear we're here in the Lor kitchen which to me is one of the cool things I get to go behind the scenes and we're going to go not just behind the scenes now but taking the service elevator that you're up and down in all night long uh taking wines out of that amazing collection so we're going to hit that button if you can and we're going to we're not just behind the scenes in the kitchen we're going to go behind the scenes and down into the scenes and into these amazing wine rooms so see you downstairs so we just came off the elevator we're about to do our walking tour of the Lor wine cellers wine rooms if you will uh it's it it's I'm glad Suzanne's here because I'd get lost it's it's it's impressive it's this beautiful connection of of really gorgeous rooms and spectacular wine collections So currently we have nine wine rooms nine wine rooms which are all spectacular the restaurant is named after chatau lur correct and and you have a pretty impressive Lor collection Lor collection here don't you yes we have a vertical of almost 120 vintages only 120 vintages going back to 1863 wow going to take me through these hallowed hols aren't you I'd love to so suzan we are in this is really the heart of the collection this is the Bordeaux room and and just to let you all know there's a tour that's done here every day at 3:00 for for any guests on the property but they get to come along the outside I I'm the lucky guy who gets actually come inside here I'm afraid to touch anything this this this it's a bed of Magnums of of a who who of Bordeaux and you said that this is you refer to this as my Nursery your Nursery yes yes they just lay here like babies don't say a word they're beautiful babies they're very well-bred babies yes they are this is really As Good As It Gets it's a whoo who of of bordeaux's finest heart of the collection isn't it it started Jean was a big Bordeaux collector Jean loved his bordeau that's really what he appreciated the most and we have 50 of them 50 so the 50 Imperials alone are worth over a million dollarss currently that's why I'm not touching any of these mod by the way let's move on to the next room we're in the Italian room and which is right off the California room and Pacific Northwest room and these are all these I just love these rooms uh one of the things I noticed is the window display of of the Gaia wines and why the display well we had actually miss Gia here a year ago which is always a highlight uh in my life because I get to speak to the wine maker M or the owner of a winery and they tell us about uh the different vintages and how they show so we did a tasting through all of the wines we had I asked her to come to the cell and sign a few bar so so this one for example has the signature very nice her first name is Gia and her last name is Gia MH that is great from your perspective to really personalize The Collection California room which is a uh uh which is a a a cult dream if you will but uh you part of your job is to because cult wines have cult wine prices and not everybody coming in here for dinner is is going to want that but people are still drawn to California wines there's a familiarity it let's face it the the labels are in English uh it helps you know so so people there's more of a comfort level yes uh so where where are the values where are the values coming from you find these days in in um California recently I have come across a Cabernet so you're from Lake County which is just a little bit north of NAA Valley so it's the same um soil type it's the same um microclimate uh weather uh similar grapes but it's not as expensive as rent district exactly so that's a a great region for Value wines uh but also in pasaras um further south they do a lot of experimentation now with rone varial and more old world varial um because the climate is so similar it's the Mediterranean true so and those play into your whole concept of providing food wines where to next let's go to burgundy all these rooms are are like a heaven like a Dreamland and and I'm possibly here in what would be the if I had to choose one cloud in this Heaven I think this would be the room I would I would choose where are we we're in the burgundy room burgundy and not just Burg it's burgundy and little little smattering of of the r thrown in there too so uh so I I'd be right to say this is maybe the most Heavenly of rooms in here yes I only agree I would be in the same room you're right okay yes yes this is I passed this is something special because here we have again the greatest names from Burundi rier musini all the highend producers Dom Roman but we also have the smaller producers the ones you don't hear of much and um excellent quality uh burgundies P Noir that's the the grape there and Pon Noir is's best friend P Noir pairs with food uh so I love this room because of the wines going so well with food but I also think p is special part of this you feel like a kid in the can Cy store now I feel like I'm in the candy store looking out at the the people on the street and the and the way the the the sell's lined up here there's there's the walkway and all the windows have spectacular collections in them but I have to say this is the window that I probably really paused that and had to catch my breath uh you know this this window with uh well well tell us tell us what's in this window here and and what your experience has been with it well just to to me is as good as it gets when it comes to burgundy this is um Pinon NOA from the producer domain de Roman very small production they just make a few hundred cases so it's very difficult to get your hands on this particular wines uh so they became um cult wine uh collectors really are after these wines because it's such a great investment if you can get your hands on these bottles uh the prices go up almost yearly uh so crazy these days burgundy oh yeah so all these bottles sell between $1,000 and $30,000 a bottle it's um amazing but I this is so silky So Soft it's expressive and subtle at the same time it's fruity it's floral it has spicy notes it's elegant right it has all of it it's so comp so intriguing um there's elegance and strength and and confidence they're confident lines right because they've got everything going on I want to thank you for taking time to share your knowledge your passion your space cuz this really is after all the years you've been here a reflection on you as much as anyone else who's been here uh and I appreciate that CU it's as we said earlier wine is personal and you've given us a real uh you know personal and historic and real connective view of what's Happening Here and it's uh it's nice to have started this day out and to end it with a with a beautiful glass of wine so thank you thank you so much for having us my pleasure cheers cheers to you you're welcome back anytime thank you I like hearing that I don't hear that from a lot of my friends uh this is Hank zonea The Grapes on WRA join me next time as we get to know wine and share some great stories it's a lot to manage yes I have my hands for and we'll keep it at around 75,000 B that's that's a nice number yes [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @josephsteward7230 [7 likes]: "in 2019, this list helped me decide for the best wine cellar scafe.shop/tbwc2019?4V hope it helps you out too!"
  2. @jpbanksnj [5 likes]: Amazing.  I live near Philadelphia, and I've been to Crystal Springs Resort twice and never knew that place even existed.  I would have taken the tour for sure.  Too long of drive just to walk the halls, but if I ever have to go there for another function, I'd do it for sure.  Great video!
  3. @Dantfermo [5 likes]: Nice. Do you have staff that rotates the bottles to avoid sediment to build up?
  4. @robertnettlees9771 [4 likes]: You'd think that a guy obsessed with wine would know how to pronounce the word "sommelier". Clown.
  5. @robertbachman2633 [3 likes]: Obviously ONLY million and billionaries dine here
  6. @distilledbrewedreviewed [3 likes]: obsessed with wine is the only way to live. Great video.
  7. @Jupe367 [2 likes]: What a beautiful place.   They must be hurting during the pandemic.  They should set up a virtual tour.
  8. @leightoncooke [2 likes]: I’ll take the Burgundy room SVP
  9. @majharul3602 [2 likes]: nice video
  10. @dirtytube769 [2 likes]: nice hank's
  11. @rribeir0 [2 likes]: Nice 👍🏻 cheers🍷👏👏👏👏 from  @r_ribeir0
  12. @waynejohnson3812 [2 likes]: Hank's a tard.
  13. @techcrunch3089 [1 likes]: nice
  14. @xjibonblogs3095 [1 likes]: nice
  15. @nkwakutoure: Hoops?
  16. @michaelargenta3856: Wonder why no one is eating there?

- The shadowy world of counterfeit wines: Kind: captions Language: en That's a Matise. And this is a Picasso. She's a nightclub singer. Jaw-dropping just barely describes the art. A Maro. In billionaire energy executive Bill Ko's Palm Beach home. This is amazing to see a Monae waterlies in someone's house. I know. You may have heard of his brothers Charles and David who bankroll political causes. And then you have these Remingtons. Bill Ko is a man willing to spend a great deal of money on the best of everything, including wine. He is also a man who doesn't like getting cheated. What have we here? Well, we have a selection of my fake wines. For 421 bottles that are definitely fake, I've spent $4.5 million. So, that's a pretty big swindle. What we're talking about here is a world where a built billionaire, it's fake. The label's fake. Says he spent nearly twice as much on fake wine as the average college graduate will make in a lifetime. Here's a nice old bottle. 1737 Lefit. But look at the other side. 1737 Chateau Lefit Rothschild. You know, the Rothschilds didn't own the Lefit in 1737. So there's still wine in it. Yeah. Do you have any idea what's actually in it? Moose piss or pardon me. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that it's the money that attracts counterfeits to these wines, usually from France, Burgundy, or Bordeaux. The older the better. The label is pretty good. Is it a phony label or is it a real label? Uh, no. It's a phony label. Unless you have a good magnifying glass and know what you're seeing, it's easy to be fooled. So, this bottle purports to be a bottle of 1961 Chateau Lefit Rothschild, which would cost 3,3500. Moren Downey is a San Francisco wine consultant and wine detective. The problem with this bottle is that when we look at this cork where it says 1 nine, the six has been squished, it's all squished up because it's been reinserted. And the one used to be a four. So, this is not a 1961. So, somebody took a 1964, which would only be worth $200 or $300. What's so special about this particular fake? It's not bad. It's not bad at all. Cheers. But it's not 1961. It came from Rudy Kneawan who's been described as the Bernie Maidoff of the wine world. An Indonesian citizen, he came out of nowhere in the early 2000s in a now infamous pair of auctions. In 2006, he sold $35 million worth of the rare wines he supposedly had collected. The FBI arrested Cornowan in March 2012. Investigators found a regular fake factory in his home near Los Angeles. Bottles, labels, capsules, glue, a recoring device. A star witness for the prosecution, Bill Ko himself, identified Karnnean sourced fakes he bought. On Wednesday, Kernowan was convicted of fraud and faces up to 40 years in prison. Outlandish as all of this may be, the Rudy Knewan case is only the latest controversy over the authenticity of wine. It so happens Ko was involved in another one equally sensational. I used to bring people down here and brag and say, "You want to see Thomas Jefferson with wine?" Well, then when I found out it was fake, now what I have to do is say, "Come on down and see my fake Thomas Jefferson bottles." Well, can I see them? Please. Here is 1787 Muton THJ. Thomas Jefferson or not. Now, here's another one. Sweet little bottle, which is 1787 Lefit THJ. Ko owns four of them. They were part of a couple of dozen or so, sourced originally to a German, now reputed to be a master counterfeitter. He calls himself Hardy Rodentock, not his real name. His collection seemed to be so impressive he made the cover of wine spectator magazine. Even before the auction, the handblown amber green bottle of Lefit 1787 had become the most famous bottle of wine in the world. The sale of the first so-called Thomas Jefferson bottle in 1985 at Christy's in London was such a big deal that it made the CBS Evening News. Was it really part of a 1790 order he split with his pal George Washington? At the time, Christie said there is an immense amount of circumstantial evidence supporting the ordering of this wine and its identification, but of course no proof. Mr. Forbes. The bottle sold for more than $157,000, a record then to Christopher Forbes, acting on behalf of his well-known father, Malcolm Forbes of Forbes magazine. But this is 1784. In 1988, Bill Ko bought his own Hardy Rodentock THJ bottles, although not from Christies, which had never even seen these. I have four. And you spent how much in total? Somewhere a little less than $400,000? And there was no question in your mind that this was authentic at that time. Soon he began to have doubts. Eventually he hired investigators, including an exfi agent, who informed him his THJ bottles were counterfeit. Those initials, they told him, made with an electric engraving tool, non-existent in the 18th century. Were you furious? Yes, I was absolutely very furious. And I said, I'm going after him. If it takes me to the end of the world, I'm going after the fraudster. How do you go about doing that? Well, spending a lot of money. Uh, unfortunately, Ko says he spent $25 million so far on the eight wine related lawsuits he's filed against Hardy Rodentock and others. I want to shine a bright light on this whole fraud to show how bad it is. We repeatedly attempted to contact Hardy Rodentock, but received no reply. 11 12 134,000 $14,000 here. 14 14,000. The prices paid at auction for collectible wines can seem staggering. Sold at $15,000 to but actually worldwide sales dropped 19% by nearly $100 million last year. Industry observers say because counterfeiting the Rudy Carnewan case particularly has made buyers gunshy. This is our first year barrel room. It holds about 1,000 barrels. Faking fine wine is rampant and growing, especially in China. One target, California's Opus One, a wine that aspires to the status and price of the most counterfeited French wines. We have embedded in the top of the capsule very special ink. So, Opus 1 CEO David Pearson is fighting counterfeits. And people can see one color and then another with a tamperproof capsule that changes color. And this the 2008 and all vintages since then. We put behind the back label a flat chip. You scan it with your phone. The chip once it's scanned sends a message back to our computer server that the bottle was scanned. It also is capable of geollocating the bottle anywhere in the world. That's right. Like GPS tracking. I think counterfeiters are very clever and I think that the technology will shift once we put something out. They will adapt to that and we'll need to change our strategy and it'll continue onward. It goes back to the old saying, let the buyer beware. As for Bill Ko, with more than 40,000 bottles in the sellers of his various homes, he's stopped buying. I'm tired of the aggravation of uh being violated by these con artist crooks. Has it been worth it to go after these people? Psychically, probably yes. you know, maybe I'm Don Cahody, uh, you know, attacking windmills, uh, of sorts. But to me, it it brings me great satisfaction.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vgamboa3448 [3 likes]: Hahahahaha this guy actually thought those wines were from Thomas Jefferson. He must have been drinking.
  2. @Rolloaller [2 likes]: to portray that amount of wealth without any shame is mind bending to me.
  3. @Blauqkween [2 likes]: $35 million to feed his ego is gluttony at its finest.
  4. @dunkelwine [1 likes]: Being rich doesn't make them any less stupid. 😂
  5. @achdjianfinearts [1 likes]: I was invited by Mr X... in an amazing tasting in Restaurant Carré des Feuillants ... Mr X .. had invited Hardy Rodenstock who arrived in Mr X' apartment on Place Vendome with a bottle of Petrus 1921. When it came to this Petrus 1921 I wrote on my special booklet for the occasion This wine does not speak to me and I prefer to stop to comment. I don't want to be rude.   The day after Mr X. ask to me to come to his house and yelled on me. I did made any gift to to tasting and I did not spent 1 dollar for it. Instead of that I wrote a very rude critic on this Petrus 1921. Mr X. told me that It was the last time he invited me to a tasting. I went back to my home by walk and I elaborated my thinking. I am highly gifted, I made all my money of my analyze of my 5 senses, I made terrific discoveries, so I can't not be wrong. So I phone to one of my friend who is working for the Police and ask to him to make researches on someone Hardy Rodenstock. few days later my policeman friend told me  "amazing this guy is going soon to be arrested".  I called Mr X who was pretending he was my friend and He could not believe it. Few weeks later Mr Hardy Rodenstock a fake aristocrat and a fake person was arrested. I was never again INVITED to any of Mr X's tasting. Conclusion: those persons does not respect the truth only they want to get the feeling that they are performing and more intelligent than others in drinking their 'special wines" ....  My picture is in Decanter just aside the owner of Carré des Feuillants and the article is signed by who ?   Michael Broadbent !!!  loooooooooooollll !
  6. @ible2612: That Asian guy should have just started his own brand
  7. @AlwaysfirstNeverlast-m3s: Rich, obscenely rich, people's can-do attitude feeds the fake wine market.
  8. @stuartmiddleton28: imagine if he gave that money to charities instead of feeding his ego with wine ..i think he deserved to be fooled
  9. @stuartmiddleton28: the lables pretty good ..but its fake
  10. @paulsummers2640: Who all did Koch cheat?
  11. @aquilaritheodeur: fr2024_1023_星三，
我的愚蠢问题：
他不会说法语，也不会写法语，事件发生时他 25 岁。
他是如何认识这些世界知名的法国特级葡萄酒（Grand cru Bourgogne）呢？

他在拍卖会上的购买足以学习吗？
  12. @stephanclemens2348: The guy would make a decent King Haggard if the last Unicorn was about wine:
"There. There they are! There they are!! They're mine! They belong to me! My Underlings gathered them for me one by one, and I made them bring each one into the cellar! Now they live there..They fill me with joy. The first I felt it I thought I was going to die. I said to the my men that I must have them, all of them, all there are. For nothing makes me happy but their shining and their stickers. So the they caught them. Each time I see the bottles, my bottles, it is like that morning in the woods and I am truly young, in spite of myself."
  13. @Cisco_Oly-Weightlifting: I just found out this from Internet Historian
  14. @dordiwesterlund2528: A real genius. I wonder how many of his paintings are fake. It's really surreal, some guy wants to sell you a bottle of before 1800, no proof of any provenance, no history, no label, no supporting documents, absolutely nothing, except an engraving, which is something which is really never done and this genius buys it for a sum consisting of six numbers. And he does this four times!! Just unbelievable. And he can't even pronounce Mouton.
  15. @botchoyjourney6655: From now on — i will drink only from produce
  16. @michaelargenta3856: I bet 50 percent of his paintings are fake as well ?
  17. @NatBeedle: Bill Koch is the Don Quixote of attacking the rights of working class people too, here you can see an extremely  rich man trying to control the country he lives in too.
  18. @pangkaji: A case of too much money. Then again, it is his money. he should be able to spend however nhe wants to spend it.
  19. @conorhalbleib6063: What a rube
  20. @swillmerchant9886: these fraudsters are "conscientious". they will never con me. cos i can offer no other than humble table wine.

- Are There Legal Requirements for Wine Labels in the United States? | Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Are there legal requirements for wine labels in the United States? In the world of wine, labeling is a hot topic right now. With consumers becoming more aware of what they drink, understanding the legal requirements for wine labels is essential. Many people are asking what must be included on a wine label in the United States. First off, wine labels in the United States are regulated by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. This agency ensures that labels provide truthful information to consumers. There are several key requirements that every wine label must meet. One of the most important elements is the brand name. The label must clearly display the brand under which the wine is sold. Additionally, the class and type of wine must be identified. This could be table wine or dessert wine, for example, along with the specific variety like Chardonnay or Merlet. Another requirement is the alcohol content. The alcohol by volume must be stated, typically shown as a percentage. Consumers also need to know the net contents, which is the volume of wine in the bottle, usually indicated as 750 ml. The label must include the name and address of the bottler or importer. This helps consumers know where the wine comes from. A health warning statement about alcohol consumption is also mandatory on all wine labels. For wines from specific regions, the country or place of origin must be indicated. This is especially true for wines from American viticultural areas. If the wine contains sulfites above a certain level, the label must state that it contains sulfites. If a vintage year is mentioned, at least 85% of the wine must come from that year. For varieting, if a grape variety is named, at least 75% of the wine must be from that grape. These regulations help protect consumers by ensuring transparency about what they are drinking. The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau overseas compliance and can requiring changes to labels that do not meet these standards. State laws may also impose additional requirements or restrictions on wine labeling and sales. This means that while the federal regulations set a baseline, local laws can vary. In summary, understanding the legal requirements for wine labels is vital for both consumers and producers. With the increasing interest in wine, having accurate and clear labels is more important than ever.

- Are There Legal Limits on Offering Sample Wine in the United States? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Are there legal limits on offering sample wine in the United States? Have you ever wondered about the rules surrounding wine sampling in the United States? It turns out there are specific legal limits that vary from stateto state. At the federal level, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates commercial samples of alcoholic beverages. For wine, the maximum size for a sample is for ounces per serving. This is part of a broader set of regulations that also limits beer samples to 8 o and distilled spirits samples to 2 ounces. These samples are usually exempt from internal revenue tax when they are used to solicit orders for imported products. However, there are restrictions on the number of samples that can be offered for each product within a quarter. This means that if you are a winery or retailer, you need to keep track of how many samples you provide. On top of federal regulations, each state has its own laws regarding wine tastings. Many states set their own limits on how much wine can be served per sample and per visit. For instance, some states allow micro distilleries or wineries to offer samples of about 15 milliliters, which is approximately half an ounce per beverage. The total volume permitted per visit can be around 45 ml or about 1.5 o. Additionally, states regulate who can conduct tastings. This includes licensed bars, restaurants, exclusive liquor stores, nonprofits, and charities. Each of these entities must follow specific conditions, including licensing requirements and time restrictions. Local municipalities may impose even more rules. Some places might prohibit wine sampling altogether or limit the hours during which tastings can occur. For example, certain areas may only allow tastings between 11 in the morning and 7 in the evening. These legal limits are designed to promote responsible consumption and ensure compliance with alcohol control laws. They also influence how wineries and retailers plan their tastings and marketing events. Understanding these regulations is essential for any wine related business looking to provide samples. In summary, offering sample wine in the United States is subject to federal limits of no more than 4 ounces per sample along with various state and local laws that regulate the volume and context of wine tastings. Knowing these rules can help wine businesses operate within the legal framework while providing enjoyable experiences for consumers.

- Are There Legal Requirements for Commercial Wine Storage? | Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Are there legal requirements for commercial wine storage? Attention wine enthusiasts and business owners. A hot topic right now is the legal requirements for commercial wine storage. If you are involved in the wine industry or thinking of starting a wine storage business, you will want to know the rules. Just yesterday, discussions around compliance and regulations have gained traction as more people enter the wine market. Understanding these requirements is essential for anyone looking to store wine commercially. In the United States, commercial wine storage is governed by various legal requirements that can differ by state. First and foremost, obtaining the necessary licenses is crucial. Facilities must secure licenses to store and distribute alcoholic beverages. This includes adhering to the regulations set by the United States Treasury Department's Tax and Trade Bureau. In states like Washington, the Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board overseas these licensing requirements. Environmental regulations are another key aspect. Wine storage facilities must manage runoff and wastewater discharge to comply with environmental laws. Pollution liability insurance is often a requirement to cover any potential environmental hazards. This is important for protecting both the business and the surrounding community. Food safety and handling guidelines also come into play. Although wine is not classified as a food product, storage facilities must follow general safety practices. This ensures that the wine remains uncontaminated and is stored properly for retail or sampling purposes. Insurance requirements cannot be overlooked. Commercial wine storage facilities typically need insurance to cover risks such as property damage and product liability. This insurance can help mitigate financial losses in the event of audits or environmental incidents. Tax compliance is yet another important factor. Facilities must adhere to tax laws, including excise taxes on wine. Accurate reporting of wine volumes is essential to avoid penalties for understated amounts. In summary, commercial wine storage involves a range of legal and regulatory requirements. These include licensing, environmental regulations, safety guidelines, insurance, and tax compliance. If you are considering entering this industry, being informed about these requirements will help you navigate the complexities of commercial wine storage. Stay informed and compliant to ensure your business thrives in this exciting market.

- Wine vineyards around the world feel the impact of climate change: Kind: captions Language: en okay anyway further but the impact of climate change of the world we were you may know something was where things better factor the mustache industries like my main drive iss nl okay effectiveness of white metal it is the stadiums 16 min is lesbian to travel to europe choice for the rising temperatures and hdr changing together the words classic white and mushrooms in this club classic white is a friends bring between the third proposition him works hello bubble is there goals here is more here and nora els a new fingers and villages of champing locator the noor design fresh care and mysticism between mp in rome the coco chanel cuff aioli drinks mushroom two occasions my name in love and one a day am producing this wine of kriens here for centuries so high line house so why mekking business and the videos am in your family from french and driving 17 hanging out youth price kristien sevillano pulled over the family business and the [ __ ] acres alliance for 10 years ago cheese the tent generation this is eh the salaf my grandfather capture surviving the french revolution and to world farming families as opio soriano party its work you ever in 2020 man of the last nijntje percent off for unrest nine die percent yes how many barrels boer you able to produce so here with his post your normal you and grandma from here produce and run for 10 fictitious as a balance between yo I see first time in ze historias my winery put your in with mix of carrots to a single barrel is winery it already on the lai la jai lai lai la hermana kepler moral climate change the [ __ ] the mining industry the sunday night of sixteen annas river of cbs

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericUSA95 [3 likes]: See the rich ain't worried about the environment, they're worried about their profit! 💵💵💵💰💰
  2. @Boomslang55 [2 likes]: It wasn't the rising temperatures.  It was frost, hail and high humidity.  Look it up.  The high humidity molded what grapes were left.  It's happened before.
  3. @yoteslaya7296 [2 likes]: lol awww poor wineries are losing money? Wow hold on while i cry for the elitist rich people that care about this industry
  4. @denisedunn2506 [1 likes]: Lies
  5. @trishsullivan9261: Soros has to own CBS with all the communist propaganda they spew
  6. @ks_hunter7327: Look up wine shortage on YouTube and you will find the same topic 8 years ago.
  7. @turkey0165: Global warming, climate change has nothing to do with anything man made! We are only now coming out of our last Ice Age 20,000 years ago! And the earth is going to continue to heat up even if there was not one automobile running anywhere’s! And as far as French wine California produce is better wines than all of France combined! And the only ones that care Are a bunch of wine sipping cheese eating liberals! Time to retire Lesley Stahl and turn your job over to a younger generation!
  8. @wvmann9320: It starts with common sense. Turn the light off when you leave a room. Recycle metals. Use reusable bottles. Food shop at farmers markets. Compost your food waste. Use logistical common sense when you run errands to put less miles on your car.
  9. @willholmes7032: My small upstart 5 year old, 10 acre Vineyard/Winery in Northwest Florida was severely affected by the excess rain we had this past year.  I lost about 90% of crop to rot, mold and over watering.  Not sure what caused the heavy rain season but the year before I had an amazing harvest.  Nevertheless, we are approaching the beginning of a new growing season and we shall see.
  10. @richardclark3322: Have you seen this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_FAzxhssTs
  11. @townsendjean: The heating of the planet is upon us. Historical ice core studies indicate CO2, methane and nitrous oxide concentrations world-wide are at higher levels than as far back as almost a million years ago. And since 1950 these levels are spiking dramatically (eg CO2 up 45%). Perhaps the genie is out of the bottle and these recent droughts, heat waves, water level rises and tornadoes are all harbingers of worse things to come.

- How Does Climate Change Impact Traditional Wine Regions? | Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en How does climate change impact traditional wine regions? Climate change is reshaping the world of wine, and it is a topic that has gained significant attention recently. As temperatures rise, traditional wine regions are feeling the effects more than ever. Many wine enthusiasts are curious about how these changes impact their favorite wines and the regions they come from. Let's break down the facts to understand this pressing issue. One major effect of climate change is the increase in average temperatures. This rise leads to earlier ripening of grapes, which can change the flavor profiles of wines. For example, in Oregon, wineries are adapting to hotter summers and unpredictable winters. These shifts are forcing vineyard managers to rethink their traditional practices. In Europe, countries like Italy have recorded a temperature increase of to degrees Celsius since 1980. This change affects when grapes are harvested and what varieties can thrive in these regions. In famous areas like Champagne, Bordeaux, and Burgundy, extreme cold snaps have become more common. Vineyards are now using flames to protect their crops from frost damage. The impact of climate change is not just about temperature. It also influences the types of wines that can be produced. In Spain, wineries such as Alvier are responding by creating non-fortified wines and vermouths. These options are proving to be more adaptable to the changing climate. Moreover, there is a growing interest in sustainable and eco-friendly wines. Younger consumers are increasingly prioritizing environmental responsibility. This shift is encouraging the wine industry to adopt sustainable practices. Many vineyards are turning to organic farming methods and eco-friendly packaging to meet this demand. Recent developments in the wine industry show that producers are aware of the challenges posed by climate change. They are innovating and adapting to ensure that the quality of their wines remains high. As climate change continues to affect traditional wine regions, the industry is responding with creativity and resilience. This evolution in wine- making is something to watch closely as it unfolds.

- Climate, Grapes, and Wine | Gregory Jones, Ph. D. | TEDxRoseburg: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Eunice Tan Reviewer: David DeRuwe Well, welcome. Thank you very much. I'd like to start today by asking those in the audience, "Do you enjoy wine?" (Laughter) Good, good. Organizers, will you make sure that every single person with their hand up gets a free bottle of wine when we get done today? (Cheers) (Applause) Just kidding. My name's Greg Jones, as the introduction said, and I'm here to talk to you about climate, grapes, and wine. But first I'd like to back up and talk about the importance of weather and climate in human history. We know that early civilizations, as they were developing, developed based upon strong agricultural systems that had to do with the climate being able to allow them to grow a given crop. If the climate changed for one reason or another, historically, they migrated, moved somewhere else, or decided to grow something or raise a different type of animal. So climate has been very important. And today, just like in the past, we know that climate influences everything we do in agriculture - through controlling the suitability of a crop to a given area, through influencing quality and productivity, and ultimately driving economic sustainability - anywhere in the world. When we talk about climate and agriculture, we can typically talk about two broad categories: broadacre crops or specialty crops. The idea here is that these crops divide the system into how we see them geographically. While broadacre crops, such as corn, wheat, rice, and soybeans, are grown across a very wide geographic and therefore climatic range, specialty crops have a tendency to be grown over fairly narrow geographic areas and very narrow climate ranges. When I was a young PhD student starting to look at studying climate and climatology, my advisers all suggested to me to study broadacre crops because they were very important for food security. However, I was very much interested in the intricate and delicate nature of how climate influenced growing specialty crops, especially when I was looking at something like viticulture and wine production. In this system, arguably climate is the most important factor to growing the crop and making wine. So as such, I went down this path to look at this system. Some people asked me, and they said, "This is a pretty superfluous thing to study - alcohol." But alcohol has been with us throughout history and has helped shape who we are. And so I thought that was a very interesting aspect of something to study. And wine, which embodies all kinds of characteristics associated with art and history, gastronomy, romanticism, science of all kinds - it's all tied up in this one agricultural pursuit. For me, it was just too rich of a system to not study. So that's where I went down this path to become a wine climatologist, and I always say that somebody had to do it. So I want to start here by talking about something we've learned over time about this term called "terroir." Not "terror," but "terroir." "Terroir" comes from the Latin "terra" or territory. Its first modern definition is based upon a stretch of land limited by its agricultural capacity. And within the concept of terroir, it typically is trying to describe all of the factors that go into growing grapes and making wine. This includes the variety in terms of how it's being grown, but this also includes all of the natural factors, such as climate, landscape, geology, and soil, However, there's a tremendous cultural aspect too, where cultural factors are extremely important, especially in terms of how we decide what variety goes where and how those wines are being made from the fruit grown in those vineyards. So the cultural component is extremely important. Now, of all the natural factors and making wine, it is pretty clear that climate is kind of the baseline expression that we can all kind of agree on and understand, and I think most of you as well in the audience. The very baseline expression here is the difference between wine styles. We can all tell a wine that typically comes from a cool climate or a warm climate. Cool-climate wines tend to be lighter, more subtle. They have higher acidity, very crisp. They tend to have bright fruit flavors. While wines that come from a warmer terroir have a tendency to be fuller, deeper-colored, higher alcohol, and darker fruits. So we all know that this wine style framework is really being driven by climate. What happens with geology and soil is that they influence the overall subtle nature of those expressions within a given region or within a given vineyard. So it all plays an important role, but climate is the main driver here. The other component of this is that climate really is a strong driver in quality and productivity that happens within the terroir framework of things. So as I've been looking at this, terroir is an important kind of construct that we use to describe what's happening within growing grapes and making wine. [Relationships] So this leads me to talk a little bit about relationships. When we look at the overall framework of growing grapes and making wine, we know that it takes quite a bit to be able to produce a given crop for a high quality. We know we have to understand the structure of the climate in a given region, what that looks like in terms of growing season length and rainfall timing and extreme events. But we also need to know how that structure drives the suitability to any given variety grown there. But beyond structure and suitability, we also have to have a framework behind which we can understand how climate variability influences quality and productivity. But today, more than ever, we also need to understand how a changing climate influences all of this. Whether it changes the structure in a given region, the suitability to varieties, and/or the overall variability in a region is all very, very important. This is critical because wine grapes are a narrow specialty crop that are really prone to changes in climate overall. So what I've been doing is trying to study what this framework is for wine grape production, not only globally but also here, locally, within our region. So this leads me to the idea that some of you might say or be thinking about right now, the idea that "Is there an ideal climate for wine production?" Well, I've been trying to study this for about 25 years or so now, and I think we know some things that are worth sharing. Number one, I've been looking at this concept behind what's called a "climate niche." A climate niche is essentially the climatic environment that any organism, whether it be a plant or an animal, functions the best in. For wine grapes, this means if you plant the right grape in the right place, you're going to get more consistent quality and more consistent productivity over the long term. Now, as we look at overall climate structures of places worldwide, we know that climate in general is based upon what we're all led to believe - these Mediterranean climate structures out there in the world. And it's mostly true because we have this history with Europe, and we look at these areas, and we try to understand what their framework is all about. But I can tell you that wine grapes are today grown across a huge range of mid-latitude zones that are very suitable to growing quite a few different varieties. Matter of fact, hundreds of varieties can be grown across landscapes all over the world to produce different wine styles. Some of these places are more suitable to cooler-climate varieties; some of them are more suitable to warmer-climate varieties. But their overall framework here is that there's a rich amount of varietal material that can be grown in different places throughout the world in terms of what we can produce. So a lot of this has led me to studying these aspects of these climate niches and trying to better understand what variety does best where and how. And in doing so, that's led me to this idea of suitability. How can we understand suitability relative to any crop, let alone something as complex as growing grapes and making wine? I collected data from places all over the world to try to better understand this, and in doing so, I have worked up a diagram that's very useful to illustrate the concept here. This diagram is a representation of 21 of the most common varieties grown worldwide - you can pick out your favorite - and what it is is it represents the climate niche of these varieties based upon where and how they can be grown best throughout the world. I also have table grapes and raisins here just to put an upper bound on the whole framework of where the warmest areas are for grapevines. Two different things are being shown here, and we'll get to a third in a moment, but the two different things are largely the climate type in which these varieties can be grown in, whether it's cool, intermediate, warm, or hot, but also the potential wine style. And to describe that a little bit more, I want to talk about Pinot Noir. Most of you probably know Oregon's number one variety is Pinot Noir. Well, it can be grown over a fairly narrow climate niche of about four degrees Fahrenheit globally. And in doing so, on the cool end we have places like Tasmania, on the warm end we have places like the Russian River Valley, and in the middle we have places like Burgundy and the Willamette Valley. What happens here is that Pinot Noir that's grown on the cool end tends to be a lighter-bodied, lighter color, more subtle wine. While it's grown on the warmer end, it tends to be a more fuller-bodied, darker color Pinot Noir wine. So that's the wine style potential that can happen in this framework. If you really think about it, you could describe the same thing for any one of the varieties that's on this list. Another aspect of this I think is important - you might be saying, "Well, can these varieties be grown outside these bounds?" Yes, they can, and people do it. However, the climate is such that unreliable yields typically are produced, and then quality tends to be more questionable or sketchy, and so it's not a very marketable product. Within these bounds, you tend to be more consistent overall. Another way of looking at this, in terms of this diagram, is to talk about regions. I developed a concept just looking at what I call the "climatic envelope" for a given region. So this is essentially the coolest to the warmest places in a region and how it can ripen any variety. And we can talk about a couple of places. Here's Burgundy. Burgundy is a relatively cool-climate area and grows mostly Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. And you can see why - its climate envelope is basically central to that. We can also look at a warm-climate place like Bordeaux. Bordeaux, again, a little bit warmer. It can ripen a different range of varieties and also produces a different range of styles. So that brings me to talk about here. We're in the Umpqua Valley of Oregon, a very prominent wine region in the state. Where is its climate niche, and what does it look like? Well, it's basically somewhat in the middle of these two: Burgundy and Bordeaux. The framework here is - you should be able to see right away that it's wider. Well, it's wider because the region of the Umpqua Valley is larger, we also have more elevational differences and latitudinal differences. So we have a bigger climate envelope. But we do overlap: we have some characteristic climates that are very similar to Burgundy and some that are a little similar to Bordeaux as well. [Climate Change] about climate change - a lot of well-documented changes that have happened out there in terms of climate and climate-controlled factors in wine regions. We know that growing seasons have gotten warmer and longer. We know that winter periods have been warmer as well. The plants are telling us that things are changing because they have earlier budbreak and flowering and harvest. We also know that ripening characteristics or profiles have changed. We've been accumulating more sugar and producing slightly higher-alcohol wines, and therefore wine styles have changed because of it. Pests and diseases have changed. We've also seen some changes overall in characteristics of soil erosion and fertility. And we've also seen water resource changes, where some places have gotten drier and some places have gotten wetter. But let's look at a very basic change - getting back to this diagram that we've just been talking about and put it into a framework of trying to understand how changes in climate influence not only how varieties can be produced but how regions can produce those varieties based upon their climate envelope. I'm going to go back to Burgundy. Burgundy in the 1950s was relatively cool - cooler than it is today - and it was still able to produce Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, its two marquee varieties, but did it in a slightly different wine style framework. If you of course fast-forward to where we are today, you can see that that shift of a couple of degrees is more central to those two varieties and so therefore allows it to be produced more consistently. If we look at conservative estimates of warming in the future, Burgundy will likely end up here. The climatic envelope will be on the warm upper end for Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. It doesn't remove them from the ability to produce those wines, but what it does is it changes the wine style overall framework that they can produce there. If we look at this, though, this is a conservative projection of climate in the future. What happens if it changes to more extremes than we kind of tend to think might happen? This would put Burgundy in a completely different framework, where only the coolest of places can potentially ripen fruit in the future, and potentially there will be other varieties that can be done there. How about if we go to where we are in the Umpqua Valley and think about it? We go back to the 1950s in the Umpqua Valley; the climates were a little cooler than they are today. The first pioneers that came here in the 1960s planted varieties that were more associated with that cooler climate and did fairly well. Fast-forward to today, this is our climate envelope. We still produce some of those cool-climate varieties, but now we've shifted a little bit, and we're producing other varieties. How about conservative warming in the growing seasons of four to five degrees Fahrenheit by 2050? This is what our climate envelope would be like. We would be shifting a little bit in terms of what we can do, but we'd also be opening up potentially to new varieties in terms of our overall productivity capability. [The Future] So that leads me to the idea of "What does the future hold?" Well, first, we know that today, the climate is warmer than at any time in our recorded past. We also know that continued warming is highly likely. While climate change has the ability to affect every single agricultural pursuit, the narrow zones of wine grape production are especially prone to climate change. And so I've provided us some good evidence of kind of these type of impacts into a specialty crop system. So as we look forward to the future, we have to think a little bit about kind of what this means for the overall perspective of wine-grape growing. We know that the past 50 years have benefited quality of wine worldwide with some climate change. But our projections into the future have a tendency to point to the idea that some beneficial impacts will happen, but we'll likely have some detrimental impacts as well. I personally believe that Oregon has plenty to gain from overall climate change, and I think that we'll see some of that. Our warming in our cool to intermediate climates will likely produce a situation in which we have increased viability for some varieties, but we can also potentially see new varieties that we can grow. However, our warm and dry summers are projected to get nothing more than warmer and drier. And what that might do is that might increase heat stress and/or increase issues of water resource demand. So I think we have some real important issues there. I have a lot of confidence in viticulture and wine production to address these issues. They already have in increasing their sustainability and are constantly looking to reduce their vulnerability and increase their adaptive capacity in the face of climate change. They're doing this through looking at better plant material, how to better manage vineyards, but also how to take that fruit from the vineyard into the winery and control quality into the future. All of that being said, I think all of us as wine consumers need to be adaptable to change as well. Change is going to happen, whether it be changes in wine styles or wine varieties. This is just bound to happen in all the wine regions in the world. If you are a true "terroir-ist" and you love wine, then embrace these changes. Go out there and continually try to find the best wine you can find from the magic that is terroir. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @veritasstrategicsolutions [6 likes]: What an excellent video, very informative and entertaining. The only thing I i don't like about it is that it has so low views, this is a highly underrated talk.... Thanks for giving experts like Dr. Jones a platform to show their findings.
  2. @Theclasshole [5 likes]: Why oh why do you people insist with the farenheits.
  3. @ThatMatahari [3 likes]: Love the growing season grid. Thanks!
  4. @Dude44Alpha [2 likes]: The Romans grew grapes as far north as southern Scotland, something that viticulturists are just now getting going again. So no, it's not warmer now than any time in recorded history, unless you think recorded history began 150 years ago. 300-400 years ago was the coldest period of the past 10,000 years and we're still warming from that cold period.
  5. @ThisUserIsSmartThenYou [2 likes]: ااول تعليق هههاا
  6. @titofrost958 [1 likes]: this guy needed a sip of wine during this, he was smacking up a storm. Good talk though
  7. @madameprestige4487 [1 likes]: very useful video, helping me complete my assignment.
  8. @tombutcher3380 [1 likes]: This guy is so boring, get him off the stage smh
  9. @rokka222 [1 likes]: He said nothing
  10. @kevinwhittingham6078 [1 likes]: If this is about wine Romans grew wine in Scotland 2000 years nothing to do with climate change
  11. @nodikusum [1 likes]: Nice Video! Excuse me for the intrusion, I would love your initial thoughts. Have you thought about - Lammywalness Green Grapes Guide (erm, check it on google should be there)? It is an awesome exclusive product for learning how to become a successful grape grower without the headache. Ive heard some decent things about it and my friend finally got excellent results with it.
  12. @piotrwojdelko1150: I'm considering in the coldest region in Poland Sauvignon Kretos or Nepis italian version of Sauvignon
  13. @arlinegeorge6967: Interesting n informative talk. Thank you, bless you. All your dreams come true.
  14. @Mamablip: Excellent speech!

- How Climate and Temperature Impact Wine: Kind: captions Language: en but we're going to learn something else tonight of how you can tell something about a wine without knowing that much about the wine you if you know where it's grown and you sort of know the climate of where the wine is grown you'll know a little bit about the wine as well you can you can if you know the average temperature of where the grapes are grown that'll tell you a little bit about the wine if it's a cool cool is defined as anything under 61 degrees moderate is average temperature throughout the growing season moderate is defined as anything between 61 and 65 that warmth should be 65 to 70 degrees and hot is anything above 70 degrees what happens is the warmer the temperature of the of the area during the growing season the generally speaking the wines will be fuller bodied fruitier and have more alcohol and less acidity the cooler you'll have and and they'll have less earthiness aromatics and minerality it goes the opposite for the cooler temperatures so if it's cooler if it's cooler temperatures it'll be a lighter bodied wine it'll have more minerality and more acidity and less fruitiness so if you know where the grapes are grown even if you're not familiar with the uh with the actual wine you should it'll tell you a little bit about it as well you can also tell about the general climate areas there's three main climates that wine is grown in if it's obviously not all of these places you see in green on this map grow lime but the ones that do it's a continental climate they're generally found inland and not near a body a significant body of wash of water like an ocean or a sea if you know something comes from continental climates generally have dry summers and they have the greatest temperature differences between warm and cold winter months determine wine making for the temperature differences between warm and cold weather months is continuality if you ever if you ever hear that word that's what they mean they also have the greatest temperature difference from the day time to night time and that's known as derunal diurnal temperature variation what those things do is the more temperature variation you have the more complex and wine is going to be the more different flavors you're going to find in the wine so if your wine comes from one of these places it's it's it's gonna vary a lot and it's it's it's it's gonna be interesting and a little more complex these areas also have short summers they have a large rapid temperature drop in autumn and because of the risk of spring frost low temperatures during the growing season on early winter it's better best suited for grape varieties that bud lake and ripen early if you bud too early and you get a frost it'll kill the harvest so types of grapes that do really well in continental climates are chardonnay riesling pinot gris regio pinot noir naviolo tempranillo and in this white golf that we're having tonight that's why you'll see in places like germany and even in some cold weather states in the united states you'll see that the only red wine they grow is pinot noir because it's one of the only red grapes that does really well in those those types of temperatures um some regions around the world with continental climates you got burgundy chablis all sauce champagne northern rhone most of the law valley rioja in spain duro in portugal most of germany piedmont veneto in italy you know austria mendoza columbia valley washington finger lakes region is the continental climates and for my friends in michigan who insist michigan makes the best wines in the world michigan is part of a generally these wines will be less fruit forward they'll have less alcohol less body more acidity more earthiness and more minerality so um they're going to be complex and interesting and and probably not suit everybody's talent but they'll they'll be really interesting lines that a lot of people will enjoy next major climate area that tells you a lot about the wine you're going to have is american climate and you can see the areas with a maritime climate in in green these are generally near oceans and seas they have cool to moderate temperatures they're not cold and they're not too warm they have lower differences between the warmest and hottest months and that allows some grapes to grow there because they have a longer growing season they have warm not hot summers cool not cold winters they have even rainfall throughout the year so they don't suffer from drought very often they have moderate temperatures that allow grapes that need to ripen a longer time to grow that's one of the reasons if you look where it is uh bordeaux is right about here if you look at where it is on the map you would think it's too cool to grow cabernet in bordeaux but because of the warm ocean breezes heat up the temperatures a little bit you can grow a cabernet in an area like that spring rain can impact vines ability to flower and the fruits ability to set some areas with continental climates are i mean maritime climates are bordeaux maderan ria brassus which is the area of spain just above portugal new zealand southern chile willamette southeast australia and uruguay uruguay is another home for tonight the grape what we're having tonight they produce wines with moderate acidity moderate alcohol a balance of fruit and vegetable uh characteristics and and moderate minerality that's why a lot of people love uh wines from maritime climates because they're the most balanced they're not too much fruit they're not too much acid they're not you know too much vegetable or they don't have too much minerality they seem to be very balanced and a lot of people enjoy it for those reasons and the other one is a mediterranean climate those areas are in green here they're low very low temperatures between the warmest and the hottest months it's pretty consistent throughout the year they're they're near large warm bodies of water hot summers and warm and moderate winters they have dry summers which is good for the grapes the reason dry summers are good for the grapes the best wines come from grapes that are just barely alive they just get barely enough nutrition and water to survive because it really concentrates the flavors it's not diluted by too much water or anything you really get great wine from wines that are just just about to die but not quite you get fuller body riper tannins higher alcohol and lower acidity so if you like really fruity wines wines that don't make your mouth tucker up because they don't have too many tannins and you you don't want a lot of acidity winds from mediterranean climates you've probably enjoyed some areas with mediterranean climates are tuscany sicily and southern italy greece southern france california portugal south africa western south us and south australia and the central valley of chile so if you like really fruit forward low tanning wines and like deb really like wines with higher alcohol you you will enjoy wines from the mediterranean climate so knowing where wines come from will tell you a little bit about the wine which will help you figure out if it's a wine that you like or you don't like

  Top Comments:
  1. @jicklesjingles8134: Thanks a lot. That was nicely done and pretty informative! I like the way you're talking, too. It's easy to follow and to comprehend what you're explaining. 
But are you sure that Spain and Portugal really can be counted as continental climate? Even on the map they're not shown as continental climate, though.
In my opinion it would contradict the things you mentioned. For example the fact, that it's mostly cooler climates from where we get medium body wines with less alcohol. Especially Tempranillo is known for its heat resistance...

- How Do Climates Affect Wine Regions Around the World? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en How do climates affect wine regions around the world? Imagine walking through a vineyard and tasting grapes that have grown in a specific climate. Every sip of wine from that vineyard tells a story about its weather and environment. Climate is a key factor in shaping where wine can be made and what kind of wine it will be. Temperature is one of the biggest influences. Warmer climates speed up grape ripening, leading to higher sugar levels and potentially higher alcohol content. Cooler areas slow down ripening, which helps grapes develop more acidity and complex flavors. Precipitation and humidity also matter a lot. Too much rain can cause grapes to swell and dilute flavors, and it can lead to fungal diseases. Too little rain stresses the vines, which can concentrate flavors, but also reduce yields. Extreme weather events like hail storms, floods, and wildfires are becoming more common and can damage vineyards directly. For example, hail can ruin a whole season's harvest, and droughts can cause vines to struggle, lowering grape quality. Climate change is shifting the traditional boundaries of wine regions. Places like southern Europe and parts of Australia are experiencing more heat waves and droughts, making some areas less suitable for growing grapes. Meanwhile, cooler regions like northern France, the United Kingdom, and parts of Canada are becoming more promising for wine production. These areas are now able to grow grapes that previously wouldn't ripen well. Wine makers are adjusting by choosing different grape varieties and changing how they manage their vineyards. They might plant more heat tolerant grapes or use different rootstocks to help vines cope with stress. But these adaptations have limits and some regions may face economic challenges if the climate continues to change rapidly. Extreme weather events are also causing more damage. Wildfires in California and Australia have destroyed vineyards and floods in Europe have washed away crops. All these factors show how climate directly influences where and how wine is made. As the climate shifts, the map of wine regions is changing too, with some areas becoming less suitable and others opening new opportunities for wine makers. Understanding these climatic effects helps producers plan for the future and keep making great wines. [Music]

- Climate change threatens grapes of Burgundy wine region: Kind: captions Language: en foreign we can really see the effect of the camera change the the main one we can say is the spring Frost because now the winter are quite warm they are not cold enough and the bad break the amount of the birds start to grow occur as soon as before at a period uh early April where there are some frosts and you it's difficult to deal with that you can lost all your production in only one night so we have some work our own solution to find but it's very tough hello we always had some storm here in burgundy it's something uh usually during the summer but no the the fragrance of the storm and the intensity is completely different we have a lot of storm and very very intense that's why we can say the climate is changing here too the first one we can do on a Vineyard like this is to work on the height of the leaves to the more height you have the more Shadow you have and will protect the leaves we are trying to to keep a lot of leaves at the grapes level and we are trying to keep some wheat on the soil to avoid at the temperature of the soil get too high [Music] but we cannot fight against nature sometime and it's us we need to adapt we we probably need to change the vital to Great variety here because not every year but some year you got really right right Pinot Noir and is not the way I should be the Pinot Noir um I need to go far more North we need to plant it over there where is more is climate and we need to start to plant like yeah probably other things which is a cross between Pinot or Chardonnay and resistant variety resistant to powdery mildew and downy mildew and now I have my teammates and is in the cellar right now because we are unifying more than 300 new beverages so maybe one of them or several of them carries the future of Bogan

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarsMan1: It is the Cow Farts!

- Wine Investors 2022 Annual Report - RareWine Invest: Kind: captions Language: en Dear wine investors, this short video is for those who already invest in wine through RareWine Invest as we go through the performance for 2022. As usual, I am joined by Rune Spliid. Rune is the commercial director of RareWine Invest and will talk us through the five main areas for wine investment: Burgundy, Champagne, Italy, Rest of the World, and Bordeaux. You can read the full report on rarewineinvest.com, but here is a short recap; welcome! On February 24th, war broke out on the European continent. We see growing interest rates and towering inflation at a level unseen since the 1980's. We have soaring energy prices and the British pound falling to its lowest level since 1985. Despite geo-economic shifts worldwide affecting the wine market in the final part of 2022 the performance shows an increase of 22.5 % on average across all wines under administration at RareWine Invest. Nevertheless, judgment day is when portfolios are realized. Let's elaborate on the numbers for the realized return in 2022? During 2022, 1.115 positions were sold on behalf of investors with an average holding time of 31 months. This resulted in an average realized return of 88 %. Naturally, 88 % exceeds our expectations but reflects that there is still liquidity in the market. The average selling time for these portfolios was less than 3 months. Let us go through the performance of the five categories for wine investment at RareWine Invest. Starting with Burgundy. Burgundy accounts for approximately 40 % of the wines under administration and delivers a return of +34.4 % for 2022. What producers will you highlight from 2022? Are there any surprises? One producer in particular sticks out. Domaine Arnoux Lachaux took most people by surprise in 2022. All wines from this upcoming superstar have seen extraordinary price increases and are massively dragging the Burgundy performance up. Also familiar are names such as Domaine Leroy, Domaine de la Romanée-Conti Domaine Armand Rousseau, Domaine Georges Roumier, and Domaine Dujac deliver remarkable returns. Champagne is another favorite category among investors and accounts for approximately 30 % of all wines under administration. Champagne also delivered extraordinary returns in 2022. Indeed, Champagne is up by almost 20 % for 2022. The scarcity of Champagne is pronounced more than ever in the wake of the Covid-pandemic, and the market has responded. Can you highlight a few of the leading performers? In more cases, vintages from Jacques Selosse have seen 3-digit percentual rises. Also, Bollinger, Louis Roederer, Krug, Salon, and Dom Pérignon are among the top performers for 2022. The investment-graded wines from Italy have shown remarkable resilience in difficult times, especially during the financial crisis back in 2008. Italy, as a category, is particularly solid. The performance for 2022 stress that and shows an average return of +9 %. Speaking of Italy, what areas are the most relevant for investment? We have the Barolo and Barbaresco in Piedmont. Tuscany is dominated by the Brunellos and the Super Tuscans. Sassicaia is again the top performer, averaging 18.5 % across vintages. Besides the household names, the budget-friendly Barolo from Cavallotto and Fuglinis Brunello di Montalcino sticks out in 2022. The rest of the world includes mainly wines from Napa Vally, Rhône, and single-malt whisky from Scotland and Japan. The rest of the world accounts for less than 10 % of all positions under administration and has delivered a positive return in 2022 of 9.7 %. The latest addition to the category is Australian powerhouse Penfolds, which already has shown great promise. Mighty Bordeaux is the final category. However, Bordeaux only accounts for approximately 5 % of all wines under administration. Bordeaux is still robust, with a return of just below 9 %. Eight out of ten Bordeaux positions were positive in 2022. Still, the upbeat performance is driven by the icons; Petrus, Cheval Blanc, Lynch Bages, Haut Brion, and Margaux. 2022 - another stable year in the wine market despite turmoil in many other areas. Wine has demonstrated minimal correlation with the traditional financial markets and remains a solid alternative asset in any healthy investment portfolio. Read the full report at rarewineinvest.com or find the latest analysis for 2023. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RareWine: Remember, you can read the full 2022 Market Report for wine investors here:  https://www.rarewineinvest.com/news/2023/plus225-how-wine-investment-performed-in-2022/

The the full report is available in 5 languages, enjoy.

- How to Collect Wine Without Going Crazy: Part 2 - The Four Buying Approaches or Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en this is episode number two in a video series called how to collect wine without going crazy in the series we're looking at which wines you should be buying not only with the wines you particularly like and want to drink but those that virtually everybody could enjoy plus the wines you should lay down or collect in this series we cover topics like determining your financial sweet spot your financial capabilities accessibility or layering your wine six tips for putting it all together and much more whether you're shooting for 48 bottles or 4 800 in this episode we're going to look at four common approaches to collecting wine the fourth approach is the one i personally use oh plus oh there'll be a really good bonus at the end by the way if at any time you like what you hear click like and consider subscribing the subscription is free and also hit the little bell so be notified when there's a new post oh and consider sharing this with your friends i'm sure they would enjoy it now remember there's no one size fits all in creating and organizing your collection but without a plan you can really go crazy each of the four approaches that we'll be looking at are merely guidelines for you to create a wonderful collection of wine the first approach is called the investment approach here you focus as much on the wine market as you do on your own personal taste a very small percentage of wine produced globally ever increases in value to resell it successfully you have to meticulously document its history including storage both before and after you purchased it you have to make sure you're purchasing wines in perfect condition and that they're highly regarded vintages your wine hobby now becomes a cottage business very few people have both the finances or the temperament for this in theory it seems simple enough you buy highly regarded and classic wines hold them until they approach maturity somewhere between five and 20 years or longer than then you go turn around and sell them sell them at an auction now the second approach we might call the instant gratification here you're buying wines that are at their very peak of drinkability again 95 of all wines are produced to drink within two to five years now with this second approach we're talking about those five percent of wines that are produced to be drunk either when they're released like right now or 10 15 20 or 30 years from their vintage date now that may not sound like instant gratification to you but the way this works is you're not buying the wines to lay it down for all those years you're buying old mature wines to drink sooner than later these are the type of wines known for their ability to improve with age as well as excellent vintages that are now at or near their peak my favorite wine chat enough to pop drinks really well when it's young and evolves over time it hits its stride in 10 to 20 years from the vintage date and that's the date that's marked on the bottle uh with the chateauneufs as an example you go ahead and buy a number of 10 year old and plan on drinking it now or in several months some retailers offer mature wines and they're occasionally available direct from wineries but the primary source for these wines is at auction expect to spend 100 or more per bottle now some people use this approach because they like mature wines and have limited storage space others just want to skip the whole wine aging process in favor of classic that are already mature this approach is also for those who are looking for younger high status hard to come by selections that may be ready to drink but are difficult to find so so in all honesty approach number two is a collection of sorts it's a wide array of phenomenal and classic wines that generally you plan to drink within a year it's it's really more like a big pantry of you know just absolutely wonderful phenomenal wines let me ask you has this information been helpful if it is please let me know or just write asti in the comments below now the third to collecting wine is the tasting this is when you select and collect wines that deepen your knowledge of what you love and you believe will expand your horizons generally those using this by a few bottles at a time because their objective is to experience taste and learn more about more and more different wines now my suggestion is that if you take this approach you don't buy any less than three bottles of wine and that's three bottles of each wine there are several reasons for this the most obvious reasons are number one if you try a wine and you really like it you want to have a couple of additional bottles on hand for the future also if you buy one bottle and it's flawed or corked you want to have it more on hand and number three try one bottle today have another in six months or a year and then have another in a year or two you know people that do this usually take notes of what they're tasting or have these incredible memories of what they're tasting and they compare how the wine has evolved over time between tastings one of the beauties behind this approach is that if you have that are also into wine you have a wide variety of wines to taste and explore and you can have 10 or 12 people over to taste with you now keep in mind that's assuming that you serve a two ounce pour per person all right are you ready to take a look at the fourth approach the balanced approach here you'll have wines to suit any occasion this should include whites and reds young and mature plus everyday and prestige bottlings these wines can mostly be sourced from good retailers or direct from the wineries you might want to check out my video how to collect one without going crazy part number three or episode number three there i go into more detail about how to balance the flavors and the style of your wine the balanced approach is a great way for those new to collecting wine to get started most people that use this have a range of different price points and shelf lives in their collection spanning wine regions styles and vintages the goal of this is to assemble a foundation for a lasting collection so that you'll have an even mix of wines that are ready to drink plus wines with extended shelf lives with this approach you can also explore diverse wines you can begin your collection with as many bottles as you want but i would suggest somewhere around 10 cases i'll show you how that works or how i figured that in the bonus at the end of the video now remember as you get into this you want to make sure that you have enough space to expand but don't go crazy once you get this figured out the only limit is your budget well there you have it the four approaches to collecting wine but hang in there for the quick bonus at the end where we'll look at how many bottles of you want to get started with but first thanks so much for investing the time to watch this video if you got something out of it let me know in the comments below also consider subscribing and hit the little bell to be notified when i post new videos oh and also share this video if it was helpful to you i'd really appreciate it all right are you ready for the quick bonus how many bottles you may need now a good rule of thumb to determine how many bottles you need is you want to start off with approximately six months to a year's worth of wines now you don't have to buy those all at one time but think in that particular direction so if you drink five bottles of wine per week your collection should start somewhere between 120 and 200 bottles or 10 to 20 cases now i realize you may not drink five bottles every week actually some weeks you'll drink less and some you'll drink more particularly if you have friends over during the various seasonal holidays here let me show you how this works five bottles times 26 weeks or six months equals 130 bottles 130 bottles divided by 12 bottles per case equals just over 10 cases additionally five bottles times 52 weeks or one year equals 260 bottles or about 22 cases so figure out how many bottles you need for an average week then just do the math well there you have it thanks again for joining me make sure you watch the other videos the other important videos that i talked about oh yeah and remember to hit like and consider subscribing if you got something out of this video until next time cheers you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AstiWines [2 likes]: Which approach do you plan to use?
  2. @danielplainview4778 [2 likes]: Great videos keep them coming!
  3. @philipblake4478 [1 likes]: is it just me or does 5 bottles a week seems a little excessive
  4. @julsz.8754 [1 likes]: Asti
  5. @alanmooney [1 likes]: Great advice
  6. @WagnerDdaSilva [1 likes]: Very good videos and awesome information. I just subscribe to your channel. I love wine. Rioja is my favorites.
  7. @mrdavoche: Very helpful. Looking forward to engaging you as a consultant to provide advisory services for us soon.
  8. @sirid2987: Thank you for the info. 💕
  9. @jasonhanson4235: Asti
  10. @ThePegasus101: asti
  11. @alfonsogaribay7286: Nice video
  12. @kompressor740ify: Balanced approach is how inbuy my whisky .
  13. @kompressor740ify: Asti
  14. @relaxmeditatechill3323: More 💎
  15. @sc3434: Great video...very informative.

- Trade wars are becoming sour grapes for American wine industry: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Hello and welcome to asking for a trend. The American wine industry is facing an array of challenges where wine producers and drinkers are feeling the effects of uncertain trade policy, inflation, and changing drinking habits in modern society. Let me bring in now Ben Aneff who joins me in studio. He is president of the US Wine Trade Alliance and also managing partner of Tribeca Wine Merchants right here in New York. Ben, it's great to have you, especially on set. One point you make, Ben, is that a lot of people might assume tariffs just impact European wineries. And your point is that's not true. It actually impacts American workers, American business. Walk us through that. Well, thank you so much for having me. And you're you're absolutely right. Um but the reality for the wine business in the US, we are an ecosystem. And when we're all doing well, we all do well. But when we all face challenges, it's felt all across the three-tier system. And, you know, the way wine is imported or sold in the United States is really different than effectively any other product. We have to sell through the three-tier. And that means a producer sells to an importer who sells to a distributor who sells to retailers and restaurants. This isn't really true of any other product. I I sort of call it the Dom Perignon wine store problem. You know, if you put a tariff on French wine and you say, "Oh gosh, it's going to hurt Dom Perignon." Well, we buy Dom Perignon, but the reality is Dom doesn't sell in the United States. Dom sells it to a US-owned wine importer. They sell it to a US-owned wine distributor. And those wine distributors sell it to restaurants and retailers all over the United States. I mean, we buy about $4 billion worth of wine from the European Union every year, but that equals $22 billion dollars of sales here in the United States. And those sales power 47,000 independently owned US wine retail stores. They They power 4 to 5,000 small distributors and hundreds of thousands of small restaurants. We employ hundreds of thousands of people and we really depend on that economic surplus that the United States has from the sale of wines from Europe. >> of people might assume though Ben, they might say well isn't this good news for domestic wine producers, American wine producers? Aren't they benefiting? Walk me through that. I mean that's a great question. I mean the reality is I really I wish it was the case. I mean I'm a wine store owner. If it was as simple for me as throwing out all the European wine on my shelves and stocking it with US wines and not having a problem, I would have done that 6 months ago. But the reality is wine isn't fungible. You know when a customer comes in and they want a Chianti from Italy they really don't substitute it with a Cabernet from California. I mean California, Oregon, Washington, Virginia, even my home state of Texas, we make great wine. But it's a different wine for a different occasion. And consumers now have they have a real power of choice. It's sort of like going to a grocery store. You know if I go to your grocery store and say I'd love some strawberries and you tell me you know strawberries have big tariffs on them. I'm going to give you tomatoes. It's still red, it's still a fruit. Okay, but I wanted strawberries today. The other piece you know the other sort of flip of the coin is unfortunately this trade war has seen exports of US wine absolutely collapse. I mean American wineries have lost 425 million dollars in the last year from the drop in exports. The Finger Lakes in New York State, I had a winery owner today tell me how important their exports to to Norway has been. They've dropped or excuse me, to the European in general, they've dropped over 90% in the last 12 months. 90% drop in exports. And this is a really challenging time for, you know, US US domestic wine producers. >> As a wine store owner yourself, I'm just curious though, how are you actually navigating this? Are you raising prices? Are you cutting selection? What are you doing? You know, I think for most people in my position how we're dealing with it, unfortunately, is it means we it's harder for us to invest in new growth. And it means that staff member that you wouldn't have hired or that you were thinking about hiring, you might not hire today. That extra line of business you were considering, you're not doing it. And you're really seeing the same thing with restaurants. Restaurant margins are being absolutely destroyed, you know, a huge percentage of the the actual profits from a restaurant in the United States come from wine sales. And when you sort of sweep the legs out from underneath them, you see the problems that you're sort sort of starting to have in the restaurant industry. Aside from tariffs, another theme in China I want your take on, you hear a lot Ben that Americans, and especially younger Americans, they're not drinking as much as they used to. Are you seeing that in your store? You know, it's a great question. What we absolutely see is young folks and sort of consumers in general, they're drinking less often, but they're spending a little bit more. And they want something different. You know, the idea, you know, sort of probably when you and I grew up and people had, you know, a a box of wine on the on you know, on on the shelf or you know, a magnum of, you know, super inexpensive Chardonnay in in the refrigerator that like half of our parents had, that doesn't really happen anymore. And so the volume of sales goes way down, but the dollar doesn't necessarily go down. It does mean that there's been a huge shift into the premiumization of wine. >> It's interesting though because the messaging seems to be you know alcohol's harmful. Alcohol's bad for you, right? How do you sort of respond to that? No, you're absolutely right. The the some of the health messaging that we've seen which is you know really interesting and important to pay attention to. I noticed for instance New York City even this week seems to have a you know a message that you should abstain from alcohol. Mhm. And the very odd thing about this Mhm. is you know the most important new study or at least the largest sort of triple platinum study that's come out you know on health and alcohol just came out last year and it was commissioned by the US Congress and it's the National Academies of Sciences. They issued a massive report on health and alcohol and how they relate and their their summary at least was that low to moderate alcohol drinking actually has a lower overall morbidity rate and mortality rate compared to abstinence from alcohol. I saw an ad from New York City that said um alcohol causes cancer. What was very odd and and and this this may be true. What's very odd is I didn't see any of the positions that the National Academy of Sciences had where they said low to moderate alcohol drinking is associated with lower instances of stroke Mhm. lower instance of heart disease, lower overall mortality from heart disease. So it's just strange to us in the wine industry that we were told to look for this National Academy of Sciences you know study and it came out and said hey it's actually a positive thing to have low to moderate drinking Yeah. and you know in the wine industry honestly we think you know the real purpose here is to open a glass and to share it with friends and family. That's the real purpose. >> I can't imagine my life without bourbon Ben so you're preaching to the choir. I appreciate [laughter] it. Thank you sir. It's great having you on set. Thank you. >> Well thanks so much. Really appreciate the time. Stick around. Much more stuff for a trend that's still to come. >> [music] >> Turning back to our ongoing coverage at the Global Milken Conference in Beverly Hills, California. Our very own executive editor Brian Sozzi sat down with entrepreneur and best-selling author Tony Robbins to talk about the outlook for AI and its impact on the economy. Take a listen. I am jacked up for this conversation. Really for like, I don't know, the past like 2 weeks. Here with me is philanthropist, author, best-selling author, and entrepreneur Tony Robbins. Tony, good to see you. It's good to see you. Welcome. Welcome. Um Back conference, what brings you to Milken? Uh talking about AI. You know, so many companies are trying to implement it right now and there's so much fear around AI. There's a been a 41% gap in the perception of AI. Leaders think it's going to be the greatest thing. Employees not so much. 54% of Americans say they think they're going to be replaced by it. 38% of Z generation have admitted to trying to sabotage AI within the company. So, 85% of it's not getting implemented according to Microsoft. So, we looked at that and said, "How do we come like we call it our the company the master key?" You work with somebody like Mark Minioff and you get agent force, but you need somebody's going to help you to integrate it and really get people to actually apply it. And so, we found some really cool strategies to get people to not be replaced by AI, but really replace the tasks that make them crazy. The drudgery tasks. And people are more than happy to do that. How can a person beat AI? All I hear about, I've heard it here, too. Oh, AI is taking jobs. Like if I I'm a human being, how can I keep my job in the age of AI? You're not going to be replaced by an AI. You're replaced by someone who knows you and uses AI. Yeah, unless your job is really wrote. I mean, obviously. And there's going to be a lot of people have to re-skill. We've actually formed a separate company just to help people do that cuz massive number of people are going to need to do that. You know, if you're a software engineer right now, there's no future unless you become an AI engineer. There's There's definitely an opportunity there or cyber in that area. Um you know, if you're a truck driver, obviously, it's you know, self-driving trucks are here now. It's only a matter of time. Who's going to hire a truck driver to work 8 hours a day when I can drive a truck 24 hours a day and there's no health insurance and depreciate the asset. So, the jobs that are available to them are like electricians now. And you can train somebody in 18 months and they make 85,000 instead of 65 and at the peak they make 250. Uh, nurses, we need we need 500,000 nurses right now. >> That's a mind-boggling number. >> it's 500,000 electricians, 500,000 nurses. Just think about it alone. So, we're in the business of helping that. We're helping companies basically bring AI in, but doing it at a genetic level where there's no fear. It's Part of the process is we analyze what they've done in the past. And we call it deja vu. What did you do in the past that you're going to do in the future? And we look for what's robotic. What is a waste of your time? And then we we don't even call them agents, we call them assistants cuz agents like FBI agent, you know, [laughter] it's like agents Agent Smith, right? And we don't make them humans. They're like little, you know, little miniature little creatures that you can two or 300 of them or three of them or 12 of them to do these tasks for you and now you're freed up to do what really matters in your job. And most people are really responding incredibly well to that. I I told you this I think 2 years ago when I last saw you. I mean, I saw you on my live screen and for that Bon Jovi special you did, but but I physically saw you 2 years ago and I had told you right all your books, uh, your audio books and changed the arc of my career earlier on. What do you tell those people that are worried about this age of AI and they have to they don't know where to go. They don't know how to get the skills they need to compete. Like, how could they get started? I think you have to be called it tight. What I mean by that is you got to be as honest as you can with yourself and take a look at is my job something that AI can take or is my job something that if I get good at AI will be in more in demand. If it's one that's truly going to be taken, like some of the jobs I described, then you're going to have to rescale now. And you can What's really nice is there's a lot of companies now that are understanding this and they're providing capital for you to do that reskilling rather than just get rid of you. And I think it's going to be a bigger issue. In the next 24 months, I think the government's going to have to intervene if companies really displace. If companies really empower, but it's going to be both. We all know it's going to be both. >> basic income? Is that like what happens to all these displaced workers? >> Well, that's my exact point. We have to retool them, but UBI is not going to work long-term, I would argue, because it'll never be enough money. And number two, there's no purpose. If you If you just get money and sit at home and do nothing, young people get violent. Let's be honest, right? You can look at history when that many jobs get destroyed. So, I think we got to have vision as leaders and tell people the truth and then show them where the opportunities are. And it's important for every leader to say, "What are these people that I'm letting go? Where are they going to go?" Not just, "I'm going to give them 4 months worth of severance," right? >> What are your I I've read so many stories about you, but data center. I I see the story internet. You invested in a data center early on. Yeah, well, I No, I bought a power plant. >> plant? Yes, in West Virginia with It's called Pleasant's Power Plant. We provide 8% of the of the energy for the state, but it's a you know, it's a coal power plant. I want to convert it to hydrogen. And so, we've had developed some technology, but right now, I'm partnering with the Hunt brothers. It looks like we're going to convert actually to get more jobs and more opportunity and do a data center right next to us there. But we're going to expand the size of the plant and we're going to do it more with natural gas at this point. The hydrogen still isn't there yet. How do you What is your AI portfolio look like? Are you still leaning toward like power plants or are you invested in like AI stocks? Like what what does it look like for Well, I I power data centers, of course, is something I'm very interested in, but I'm also invested in the companies that are using AI. And I'm also working to actually bring Gentex into companies. So, I have three different levels. Very personal, more of a corporate side, and then more of the actual infrastructure itself. Who's doing a great job now in AI, CEO-wise? Oh my gosh, I think Anthropic. I think Dario is a standout in this area, and I think he's He's really He's going to be one of the few profitable ones out potentially in the near future in the way he operates, cuz he really thinks about how we're really going to use this. And I think he's He's taking a big jump, I think, over ChatGPT and what we've seen happening in that area. What What makes this generation of leaders different? I look at Dara, I look at Sam Altman. Um you know, I grew up with Bill Gates like and things that he created, too. Well, how is this generation different, you think? Or are they >> Well, I think I don't I don't I don't know if they're different. I just think they have different different tools and they're able to operate more rapidly. I think the most important thing though is not to use the lose the human side. I mean, Mark Benioff, mutual friend of both of ours, and Mark is one of those guys that has taken technology and run it through the roof. You know, obviously people are worried the cesspool is what's happening right now, but Mark doing just fine. >> [laughter] >> He's going to do fine. He knows what he's doing. He's got $74 billion worth of contracts. He knows how to adapt. But But what's great about Mark is he's completely focused on the people, still. Like even when he brought AI in, he figured, "Okay, now how can I upscale those people?" I mean, look, ATMs years ago were supposed to wipe out, you know, tellers. But what happened is you got 47% more banks and the tellers are upscaled into doing selling processes and meeting customers, not just taking their money. So, I think it's not all gloom and doom, but it's going to happen so fast. That's what's different about any other time. We were all farmers, you know, 150 years ago, 90% of the population. Now it's 3%. We cover the whole world, but we had a lot of time to make those changes. That's why everyone we own it ourselves as individuals and leaders and people to say, "Let's call it tight." I call the 36-month countdown cuz in 36 months or less, we're going to have AGI. There's zero question. In 36 months or less, I was just with um um my my my Mr. Cohen, who's the vice chairman of IBM. He's at my house. We had a dinner and I said, "Who's winning AI? Is it us or China?" He goes, "Don't worry about that." He goes, "Worry about quantum." He said, "Cuz whoever gets quantum can basically wipe out the other side. You don't have to worry about nuclear bombs. You get their codes, you can destroy them where they are." He said, I said, "When are we going to have that?" He goes, "Less than 36 months." >> That's a big change. And I mean, we're we're going to see more change in the next 3 to 10 years that's happened in human lifespan in any time in human history. And we're talking about it like, "Oh, So coming." But we got we can't control everything, but we can anticipate. Leaders are the people that anticipate. Losers react. And then the time you react is too late. Tony, you don't you know damn near everyone in the C-suite. I'm convinced of that, but what are they telling you privately? What are they worried about right now? There's so much going on in the world. Like what are they what are they fearful of? Well, there there are a lot of them fearful of different things within the company, but I think what they're all most concerned about is they don't know what's happening in the future and it's hard for them to acknowledge it. We have to acknowledge we don't know for sure, but then you got to not just leave it with I don't know. You got to leave it to let's here's our hypothesis. This is how we're going to move forward. This is what we're going to attempt to do to take it to the next level. I was just in a session with a group of CEOs on a private session and everybody was talking about, you know, what are we going to do because this is happening so fast and I think um I think there are a lot of CEOs, I'm sure you've seen, that are starting to retire because they just don't want to deal with it. And then there's other people completely changed. But the most important skill set is still human beings. I mean, if you you know, I'm fortunate to own little pieces of one of sports teams. And on sports it's one of the few places in the world you look at the balance sheet and you see human capital is a sports team. I think today it's even more important. You look at the right human capital in a company who knows how to use AI at a high level, that company's value goes through the roof. They're what's why they want to pay a fortune for somebody in that area. So I think we still got to think about the human side or we're going to we're going to have lots of successful businesses and we're not going to have >> you're not going to have much of an economy cuz our economy is driven by spending. Your spending is someone else's income. If we don't have enough jobs, that affects everybody's business. I Is it a good time for CEO to be aggressive or more cautious? I I've seen Look, just as we sit here today, Coinbase just laid off I think 14% of its workforce. I mean, this is jarring news from a well-known company that has dominated its field. Like what is a CEO to do? Well, I think I think they've got to be as aggressive as possible and as honest as possible, but I think the honesty comes first and we're not having a lot of that. I mean, we'll look at Square who kind of started this, right? 40% of the workforce like that. But they they were up 24% from the year before, and then the market rewarded them that day with a 25% increase in their stock. So, that's not a good but I don't know, maybe that was more quite frankly they over built during COVID and they used it. Some people are using it more as an excuse. But there's going to be more displacement, and that's why I think we're going to need a government private partnerships. I'm working on some myself to really reskill a mass number of people cuz if you don't do it where where's the end of this? The end of this is you got more efficient companies but you don't have as many employees, they don't have income, the economy then hurts, everybody hurts. So, we we got to think a little bit more long term when everybody's so caught up in the moment. But we got to know we got 36 months or less to get it done. Yeah. Lastly, what's your view on the economy? Well, I think I think the economy's actually got a great deal of strength to it. I think there's uncertainty right now cuz of the war and cuz of you know, price of oil. But I think that's going to end at some point here in the relatively near future. I think the oil prices will adjust and you'll see things going. But the uncertainty's not going to go away. I think we're going to have more volatility because of the uncertainty cuz no one knows what's the next breakthrough. Look, we had every every since the days I was I was with Kurzweil the other day. I've known him for 25 years and he's like, you know, there were punch cards and then we had you know, these little tubes and then we had transistors and it's always gone Moore's law. Not now. Now every 6 months we've seen tenfold of AI, 20-fold in a year, not every 2 years doubling and cutting in half. This is like nothing in human history. So, I think we just have to be aware of it. We can't know exactly where it is, but we still have to make your bet on where you're going to go in the future. If you sit still, you're going to get run over. When's your next investing book coming out? I like the I like the last one. >> Yeah, they had everybody like they had Dolly Parton, they had Mark Cuban, they had everybody. They had all the OGs. It was phenomenal. Well, they're doing the paperbacks. It's coming out in September, so we're doing that next. All right, Tony, good to see you. You always make time for Yahoo Finance. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Stick around, much more Ash for Trends still to come. >> Time out for what to watch Thursday, May 7th. Investors getting a fresh read on the consumer, crypto, and other quarterly [music] earnings reports, including Shell, Airbnb, Coreweave, and Lyft. McDonald's also reporting on Thursday. Company announcing first quarter results, analysts expect a US same-store sales to rise up to 4% driven by easy comps after last year's E. coli-related slowdown. Inflation still weighing on consumers, so investors will be watching closely for commentary around promotions, pricing, and whether traffic is holding up. Looking at Coinbase, analysts anticipating a softer quarter there. Trading volumes are cooling alongside crypto prices, that likely pressuring transaction revenue. This coming after Coinbase announcing a 14% cut to its workforce. >> On the macro side, we're going to hear from Federal Reserve presidents on Thursday, giving more insight into how policy makers are thinking about inflation and the path for interest rates, especially after mixed economic data and ongoing geopolitical uncertainty. And finally, we're getting weekly initial jobless claims data on Thursday. >> Comes forecasting claims to tick up to 205,000, giving us more insight into the health of the labor market. That's a wrap on today's show. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LamarPassmore: "if you knew better you'd do better"
  2. @61Ricardito: your wine is  not good quality at all, the best wines come from europe
your wines suck good luck
  3. @ricosuavecito4983: What about 30 million $ wine companies that dont exist?

- My Parents Saw My Wine Collection And Decided I Was An Alcoholic Who Needed To Give...: Kind: captions Language: en Hi friends, Avery here. My name is Avery Caldwell. I'm 30 years old and if you ask my parents, I'm a woman on the edge because my basement is colder than their judgment and my bottles have better labels than their reasons. I didn't always have a house that looks like a film set and a seller that hums at a perfect 55°. Two years ago, after a promotion at the investment firm, I bought a 1920s Victorian in West Hartford. original crown molding, creaky charm, and this was the hook, the old stone cellar. The previous owner used it for holiday decor. I stood in that chill air and saw something else, a room that could hold time. I fell in love with wine on a student semester in Bordeaux. What started as souvenirs, three dusty bottles wrapped like contraband in my suitcase became rituals. classes in viticulture, Saturdays volunteering at Vineyard Harvests in Connecticut. I'm Wet Level 2, studying for level three. I drink on average two glasses a week, three if Ethan cooks. I log everything in a seller journal. What I opened, who I shared it with, and the food it loved best. It's not about numbing life, it's about tasting it. Over eight years, I curated about 800 bottles. Not all expensive. Many are $20 weekn night beauties that sing with roast chicken. But a few are opera. A 1982 Margo I won at auction for $600. Now worth far more. A 2005 Roman Conti. I will never open alone. A case of 2009 Leoil Pufere. Sleeping like royalty. The seller is climate controlled. Racks custombuilt. lighting warm and reverent. It's a room where ambition ages into patience. When my parents, Harold and Maryanne, visited for the first time since I finished renovations, I imagined pride. We'd tour the house. Then I'd pour a modest burgundy to go with dinner Ethan had planned for later. Instead, we descended the stairs, and I watched their faces harden like concrete, setting too fast. Maryanne stopped at the threshold, one hand on her pearls like an alarm button. Avery, what is all this? Her voice did the careful soft thing people use when they already hate the answer. I showed them the zones. Pino here, Bordeaux there, whites along the back wall, the humidity gauge, the tasting counter, my inventory app, the printer neat labels I'd made on a rainy Sunday because it relaxed me. I told them about acidity and soil, about why granite and gravel change how a grape breathes. This is what I do when I love something. I study it. They didn't step in. Didn't touch a bottle. Harold scanned the room like he was searching for a fire exit. Maryanne's eyes glistened. No normal person needs 800 bottles of alcohol. She said, "This is hoarding mixed with addiction." "There are sentences you remember by temperature." "That one hit me like the first cold minute in the cellar. The exact degree when you're not sure if you're shivering or furious." I drink two glasses a week, I said evenly. The collection is the hobby. Harold exhaled through his nose. Your grandfather kept lists, too. Every whiskey he sampled. Addicts write it all down to pretend they're in control. My grandfather died of liver failure at 58. I will never forgive how some people use a tragedy like a flashlight to search your private drawers. I'll open something light for dinner, I tried. You'll see. We will not taste your disease, Maryanne snapped. and the word echoed against stone. I led them upstairs. We sat in my own living room like an office conference, the kind where the outcome is decided and the meeting is theater. Maryanne dabbed at her eyes. Harold folded his hands. Sweetheart, Maryanne started. Your sister Monica is in that tiny rental with three kids. Patrick works so hard they can't make it stretch anymore. You alone in all this space with that downstairs. It isn't right. There it was. Soft as a lullabi, sharp as a blade. The thesis. My sister and I are not enemies. We are complicated. Monica teaches history. She also has a taste for big gestures on small budgets. The truck that looked like a commercial. The beach vacation that lived on a credit card. She's loud about family and also loud about what family should give her. lately. That includes my spare bedroom, my backyard, my kitchen, and apparently my cellar. What does Monica have to do with my collection? I asked. Harold leaned forward the way he used to when we were kids, and he wanted us to accept because I said so as wisdom. You need help, real help. You could move home while you get treatment. Get your life back on track. And this house, it would be better used by a family in a healthy season. Monica and Patrick have already been looking at schools nearby. I stared at the mantle because I didn't trust my face. You're suggesting I what? Give them my house. Temporarily or permanently. We've we've spoken to a lawyer, Maryanne said, voice trembling like courage. There are options when adult children need intervention. Conservatorship, guardianship. We don't want to go that route, but if you can't see what this collection really is, I stood. When you love people, you give them gentle exits. I'm not an alcoholic. I'm not giving anyone my house. You need to leave. Maryanne cried like I'd slapped her. Harold gathered her with a look of pity meant for me. Before they walked out, she pressed a brochure into my hand. Soft paper, hard message, high functioning alcoholics, a discrete path to recovery. Ethan arrived 20 minutes later carrying Rosemary and the stupid grin he assumes will fix anything. "How'd it go?" he asked, then read the room, the brochure, my face. "Okay, not great." I told him everything. The words felt surreal in the air, like speaking a nightmare. He listened the way he always does, not interrupting, not problem-solving, until I asked. When I finished, he took my hand. We'll handle it, and we'll eat dinner first. We tried. We plated the roast chicken and opened sparkling water like it was a toast to restraint. But the evening did not stay in the house. By morning, the campaign had already begun. A text from Monica. Hey sis, mom and dad told us that seller looked like a TV show. This could be a wakeup call. We can help with the hard part. Think of the kids playroom in the basement once we clear, you know, everything. Patrick, practical as ever. Found some great studios near your parents. Want links? Then Maryanne hourly with locations of AA meetings I didn't ask for. Harold with articles about collectors who mask dependency. My aunt posting publicly about a beloved family member battling demons. Demons apparently that come with quirks. I started doing what my job taught me to do when the numbers go sideways. Document screenshots. Voicemails saved emails to a folder named seller because sometimes life needs tags to be survivable. When my phone buzzed with a name I wasn't expecting, I almost didn't answer. Lena Dwarte, Ethan's ex who still follows me on Instagram because the internet refuses to let any of us go. "Your mom just called me," she said, half amused, half appalled. She asked if I'd join an intervention. I told her you drink less than I do and that your tasting notes are the only reason I've ever liked reling. I laughed, but it came out brittle. Thanks, I said. I think my parents are about to turn care into a crowbar. Document everything, Lena said. They're building a case, not making a point. That night, I changed the locks, set up additional cameras, and added two factor authentication to accounts I'd never thought needed it. I wanted to believe common sense would bring my family back to me. I also wanted to believe in Santa until I was six. We all grow out of something. On the seventh day of articles and pity, my phone lit up with a photo from Monica. My front porch, my spare key in her palm. Mom gave it to me, you know, in case of emergency. We'll come by when you're at work to help remove triggers, okay? It'll be less traumatic. She'd already decided what I was and what I needed. In her story, I was a problem that came with square footage. a woman drowning in pino who should be grateful someone was willing to take her house as a life raft. I typed, deleted, typed again. In the end, I sent four words that felt like sandbags against a flood. Do not enter ever. If this were a different channel, I'd end here. Cut to black, lingering note. You won't believe what happens next. But this is my life. And next came faster than I could brace. The key in her hand wasn't a threat. It was a schedule and the seller. The seller was about to become a crime scene dressed as love. The day after Monica's key in the palm photo, my phone learned a new trick. Buzzing like a trapped wasp. Notifications stacked on top of each other. Family group chat, aunt side chat, church adjacent people I hadn't seen since braces. The message was always the same, dressed in different fonts. We love you. We're worried. Let us help you do the right thing. I did the only thing that gave me oxygen. I drafted an email titled boundaries and sent it separately to Harold, Maryanne, Monica, and Patrick. I am not struggling with alcohol use. I drink two, three glasses per week, often less. My seller is a collection, not consumption. You do not have permission to enter my home for any reason. If you have concerns, put them in writing. Do not contact my friends, colleagues, or Ethan about me. If you enter my property or attempt to remove items, I will call the police. I read it to Ethan aloud, each line like a plank laid down over a ravine. Too harsh? I asked. Clear isn't harsh, he said. It's clear. 30 minutes later, Maryanne replied, avoiding every plank. Sweetheart, addiction isolates. These walls you're building are the disease talking. We will always choose your life over your anger. Harold sent a link to a podcast episode about perfectionism as a symptom. Monica responded with a heart emoji, then three photos of her kids at a park. Then, they keep asking when they can see Aunt Avery's big house. The basement would be such a safe playroom once we get all the glass out. Glass. That's what she saw downstairs. Thousands of dollars and years of patience reduced to sharp edges and danger. I blocked the family group chat. I created a notes file called what actually happened and wrote down dates, times, exact phrases because the mind is a generous editor. It softens or exaggerates. Paper doesn't. At work, rumors moved like smoke under doors. It started with the head tilt in the breakroom. Then my boss Sharon invited me to touch base. She had a folder on the table, HR style. "Your mother has called a few times," she said gently, as if she were breaking me bad news about myself. She's worried you need time off. My laugh was a bark. My mother thinks my thermometer is a gateway drug, I said. I slid my tasting app across the table like evidence at trial. Two glasses last week. Total. I raised 5,000 for the food bank at a tasting last month. Sharon, I'm fine at my job and also fine. She looked at the charts, then at me. I have to document the calls, she said. But I believe you. For 20 seconds, I wanted to hug her, then remembered boundaries apply all directions. That night at my house, Ethan made arro while I sorted a crate of Pedmont nebiolo, thin skins, and granite perfume. "You could stay at my place a few days," he said, sliding a pepper across the cutting board. "Give them less surface area. I won't be chased out of my own home," I said. It sounded brave. It felt like putting a teacup in front of a wave. My phone rang with an unknown number. Normally I let those die. Something told me to answer. Miss Caldwell. A male voice smoothing itself like a tablecloth. This is Ralph from Ventner's Exchange. We've scheduled a partial pickup for tomorrow. Selection list here. 30,000 payout on arrival. Wanted to confirm someone will be present. My mouth went dry. Who scheduled this? Your brother. He corrected himself hastily. Apologies, Ms. Hail. Monica Hail representing you. A paper shuffle says you're in a program but have authorized liquidation of trigger items. Trigger items. I closed my eyes, saw Monica's palm with the key resting like a stolen sun. There is no pickup, I said. If anyone arrives, it will be considered attempted theft and the police will be called. Please send me whatever documentation you were given. Ralph emailed immediately. A letter of authorization with my name signed in a hand that was almost mine. A list that read like a map of my heart. 1982 Margo, the Roman Conti, the case of09. I forwarded it to my lawyer with a subject line that tasted metallic. Forgery attempt number one. Ethan leaned against the counter, the kind of stillness he uses when he's holding in a flood of words. You need more cameras, he said. and steal the back door. The locksmith came at 9 the next morning with a toolkit and opinions. People think smart locks are paranoid, he said, installing the new system. I think they're seat belts. He handed me a stack of fresh codes and an app. Don't share with anyone, not even mom. We didn't. But Monica's campaign didn't need my doors to get inside the world. By Friday, Aunt Denise had posted a soft focus graphic. Pray for those battling silently. Uncle Robert commented, "Real adults admit when they're in trouble. Cousin Ashley, 16 and swimming and other people's definitions, DM'd me," "Is it true? Mom says you drink breakfast wine." I typed out, "The only thing I drink in the morning is coffee strong enough to file taxes and didn't send it. Instead, I replied, "I'm okay." Don't believe everything grown-ups say to feel important. Lena texted screenshots of a Facebook page Maryanne had made. Hope for Avery studded with childhood photos of me holding root beer like an omen. Captions read like obituaries written by cowards. She used to be so bright. Addiction steals the best of us. I filed a takeown notice and sent my cease and desist template again. Maryanne's reply. It comforts people to pray. Why are you against comfort? I did not answer because I'm old enough to know some questions arrive without ears. A pause then a new tactic. False gentleness. Maryanne called with her voice wrapped in gauze. "We've been talking to a counselor," she said. "We mishandled this. Could you come for dinner?" "Just us. No surprises." Harold got on the line. "We want to understand," he said. "We want to apologize." Ethan watched my face do calculus. He shook his head once. I ignored it. "Okay," I said. "Saturday, 1 hour. If anyone besides you is there, I leave." Of course, Maryanne breathed. Just family. The words just family feel like a lullaby until you realize someone intends to sing you to sleep. Saturday morning, Monica texted me a photo of a casserole cooling on her counter. Can't wait for tonight. The kids made you cards. I replied, "You are not invited. If you show up, I will leave." She sent three crying emojis and one of praying hands. Then, you're breaking mom's heart. I spent the afternoon preparing the only way I know, like a trial. I charged my phone. I printed the email thread. I opened my safe and looked at the thick folder with title house deed plus insurance like it was a talisman. Then I put it back because talismans are for stories and this is a plan. On the way out, my neighbor Christopher waved from his porch. You okay? He called, not nosy. Concern wrapped in small town manners. Family thing, I said. If you see a moving truck at my place and I'm not home, call me. He lifted his phone on speed dial. At 5:57 p.m., I parked outside my parents' house. The blinds were open. I could see legs. Too many shoes piled near the foyer. Four extra cars lined the curb like an audience. My stomach recognized the shape of betrayal before my brain framed it. I texted Ethan. There are definitely other people here. He called immediately. Lee, he said. You promised yourself. I stared at the front door, at the wreath Maryanne keeps up year round because she thinks welcome should be evergreen. I thought about six-year-old me on those steps with a skinned knee. About 16-year-old me slamming that door after curfew. About 30year-old me with a cellar that makes people confess who they are. I'll record, I said, and if they try anything, I call 911. When I walked in, the air told the truth before anyone spoke. A living room full of folding chairs and faces. A woman in a navy blazer holding a leather folder that read Avery intervention. Monica's eyes shining. The way people shine when they believe righteousness makes them pretty. Patrick handing out printed statements like programs at a play. I found my phone's voice memo with one thumb. The specialist introduced herself. Dr. Karen Matthews. Your family loves you very much, she said, her smile trained like a weapon. We're here because addiction doesn't just hurt the drinker. Behind her on the coffee table, a manila folder was labeled property transfer trust. I didn't need to open it to know my house was inside, translated into legal ease and good intentions. Maryanne wouldn't meet my eyes. Harold stared at the rug. Monica angled her body between me and the door like a bouncer at a church. I pressed record. Okay, I said, and my voice sounded like a blade, finally remembering its metal. If you want a performance, let's make a record. The first statement began. and tears and tremble rehearsed to the comma. The second called my cellar, a temple for demons. By the third, Uncle Robert was holding my elbow just to keep you present. I felt my phone in my palm, smooth and certain. I pictured the seller at home, humming at 55°, loving me the way inanimate things do, by continuing to be themselves while you figure out how to be yours. Touch me again, I said to Robert quietly, and the cops arrived faster than your next sentence. He let go. Dr. Matthews smiled wider. Resistance is part of the illness, she cooed. Good, I said. Then you'll recognize what happens next. I turned for the door. Monica moved to block me, the key to my life still somewhere in her pocket. And from behind the couch, Patrick lifted a blue folder thick with documents, the kind you sign away your future with. Distance in a house can be measured in feet or years. I crossed both. Outside, my phone found 911. Inside, someone began to pray. It sounded less like faith and more like formatting for when they tell this story later about the sister who chose wine over family. They'll leave out the part where family chose my house over me. By Sunday morning, the video from the intervention already had an audience. Not online yet, but in whispers, forwarded texts, pitying emojis. Lena sent me a screenshot of a Facebook caption. Please keep Avery in your prayers. She left before she could accept help, but God isn't finished with her. Posted by my mother. Underneath, Monica commented, "We'll always be here when she's ready to get healthy." The post had 187 likes and a few dozen praying hands reactions. I locked myself in my house and didn't go to work Monday. Every time my phone buzzed, I jumped. Ethan kept trying to convince me to stay at his place in New Haven for a while, but I couldn't. Leaving now would be like confirming their narrative that I was unstable, incapable, afraid. Instead, I installed four new cameras and upgraded my security system to 24/7 cloud backup. The locksmith, different guy this time, offered small talk. Family fights, huh? Don't worry, these locks are fortress grade. I laughed. because that's what you do when you've cried too much to produce new tears. 4 days later, work called my boss Sharon again. There was another call from your parents, she said carefully. They said you were checking into a facility in Vermont and asked about disability paperwork. Should we expect documentation? I inhaled slowly. Do not accept anything from anyone but me, I said. Then I went home early, opened a bottle of water, and watched the seller cameras on my phone like a hawk stalking its own nest. Friday morning, Monx had texted, "I know you're angry, but the only way through addiction is surrender." I didn't reply. She followed up an hour later. "When will you be out of town again for work?" Something in my gut froze solid. I scrolled up through our old texts and found it. Two months ago, I'd mentioned a Boston client trip, 3 days. I hadn't cancelled it. They were waiting for an opening. And that realization sat in my stomach like glass. I called Ethan immediately. I'm cutting the trip short. I said, "If I don't answer your call, contact Christopher next door." He didn't ask questions. He just said, "Got it." Tuesday night, 8:00 p.m. Headlights flashed across my window. I wasn't supposed to be home yet. Christopher had called 20 minutes earlier. Your front door's open. Lights on. You expecting someone? I wasn't. I parked quietly, engine off, and walked up the driveway. Monica's minivan and Patrick's truck. My door a jar. Laughter inside. My pulse hammered in my ears. I hit record on my phone before I stepped through. In the living room, open boxes stacked high, each labeled basement. In my cellar, Monica, Patrick, and two unfamiliar men loading bottles into crates. They were methodical, efficient, like a moving company that had done this before. What the hell are you doing? My voice didn't sound like mine. Monica looked up, startled, but not guilty. More like someone caught midfavor. Oh my god, Avery, you're back early. She smiled the way people smile at toddlers mid tantrum. We're helping. Okay. Mom said you were ready to let go. This is a huge first step. Patrick held up an invoice sheet. Ventner's exchange. They're paying 30,000 today. Great rate, by the way. I walked closer, reading the page upside down. They'd targeted my best vintages, the 1982 Margo, the Roman Conti, the case of 2009. Bottles that were supposed to celebrate things that hadn't even happened yet. Engagements, children, retirement. Now they were merchandise. Put everything back, I said, pulling out my phone. Monica rolled her eyes. Avery, listen. You'll thank us later. This isn't punishment, it's rehab funding, Patrick added. You can't keep pretending this is healthy. The two dealers started shifting uneasily. One whispered. We didn't know this wasn't authorized. You heard the lady, I said. Lee now. Monica's tone turned sharp. You're calling the police on family? Yes, I said and pressed 911. Patrick swore under his breath. Monica's face darkened with something new. Not concern, not pity, but anger. You're proving our point, she hissed. This rage, this control, it's the addiction talking. She started filming me with her phone. For the intervention specialist, she said sweetly. To show your volatility. I almost laughed. It was so perfectly scripted. The police arrived in minutes. Two officers, one older, calm, one younger, curious. The older one asked for identification. I handed over my license, the deed copy, and the invoice. The younger officer wandered down to the cellar. When he came back up, he said quietly to his partner, "This looks professional, cataloged, temperature controlled. This isn't a drinking problem. This is a collector." Monica tried to interject, waving a print out. She's sick. She keeps logs to convince herself she's fine. Addicts always do. The officer looked at her evenly. "Ma'am, that's not how addiction works. You can't just declare someone unfit because you don't understand their hobby. They made Patrick and the two dealers unload every box one by one. Three bottles broken, one of them my 2012 Bo. Patrick shrugged. Casualties of recovery. I wanted to hit him. Instead, I documented. Every shattered label, every second of his smirk. When the officers warned them about trespassing, Monica still wouldn't stop. "You're choosing alcohol over us," she said, tears spilling on Q. "Over your family. You'll regret this when you're alone. Maybe, I said, but at least it'll be my choice. They left under flashing lights, neighbors watching from porches. Christopher stood across the street, shaking his head. Inside, I sat on the floor of my cellar, surrounded by bottles that suddenly looked like hostages. My hands shook so badly, I couldn't recork the broken one. Upstairs, my phone vibrated. Voicemails. Maryanne, how could you do this to your sister? She was saving you. Harold, you've shown your true character. Family tries to help and you call the cops. Patrick, the kids saw cops at Aunt Avery's house. You traumatized them. Monica, I forgive you. The disease makes people cruel. Ethan came that night with takeout and quiet. We sat on the couch eating cold low mana while the security camera footage uploaded to the cloud. "Do you think they'll stop now?" he asked. "No," I said. They've decided what story they want. Now they just need the ending. He hesitated. And what's your plan? I looked around my house, the one they'd tried to script me out of, and said, "To make sure I'm the one who writes it." The next morning, I sent cease and desist letters through my lawyer. I installed motion alerts on all cameras, and I began a file labeled family incident, March 8th, with the footage, the invoice, the police report. Not because I wanted revenge, because somewhere deep down, I knew this wasn't the climax. It was the setup. The calm before act three, the part where help would come dressed like forgiveness. And when it did, I intended to be ready. Three quiet weeks, no calls, no knocks, no pity posts, silence, the kind that's supposed to feel like peace, but instead hums with tension. Ethan called it a honeymoon phase of chaos. They'll come back, he said. They always come back. I wanted to believe otherwise. I started to sleep through the night again, though the security camera ping still startled me. I even hosted a small charity tasting in my cellar. 15 guests, five wines, $5,000 raised for a local food pantry. Every pour, every toast was my middle finger to the idea that passion equals pathology. Then one Thursday afternoon, my phone lit up. Mom. I almost declined it, but something, curiosity or masochism, made me answer. Her voice was soft, wet with practiced remorse. Avery, honey, I miss you. We all do. I've been thinking about how wrong we were. Could we please have dinner? Just to talk. No ambushes, no cameras. I promise. I said nothing for several seconds. Behind her, I could hear plates clinking. Domestic comforting sounds that once meant home. Then Dad's voice came on, gentler than I'd heard in months. We've been seeing a counselor. We handled things terribly. Please just come. Saturday night, just family. When he said just family, something inside me flinched. But hope is a stubborn animal. It never dies. It just changes costume. I agreed. 1 hour, dinner only. If anyone besides you two is there, I said, I leave immediately. They swore on everything holy. Saturday evening, 6 and 12 p.m. I drove up their street in halflight, the kind of suburban dusk where lawns glow green and windows flicker with TV blue. There were more cars than there should have been. Monica's truck, Patrick's minivan, Auntie's Prius, Uncle Robert's sedan. Four extra cars I didn't recognize. I texted Ethan. Too many cars. You might be right. He called instantly. Leave. Don't even go in. I'll record everything," I said. He swore under his breath. "Please, just be careful." The second I walked in, I knew the air had weight. Conversations died mid-sentence. 25 people in the living room, folding chairs arranged in a half circle facing the couch. At the center, a woman in a navy blazer holding a leather folder labeled Avery's Intervention. My mother stood at her side, trembling, but not with surprise. My father sat rigid, staring at the floor. Monica's eyes glowed, vindication disguised as concern. "Good evening," said the woman, stepping forward. "I'm Dr. Karen much and wants to help you reclaim your life." The words slid off her tongue like a script she'd performed hundreds of times. "I felt the phone in my pocket and pressed record." "Of course you're recording," Monica muttered, arms folded. Dr. Matthews smiled, unbothered. That's fine. This is a safe space. She gestured for me to sit. I didn't. One by one, they began reading from prepared papers. Monica first. Avery, your addiction has changed you. You used to be my best friend. Now you're paranoid, defensive, alone. You called the police on family. You're sick and can't see it. Patrick, next. The kids miss you. They ask why Aunt Avery loves her bottles more than them. Mom, voice breaking. I wake up every night terrified you'll drink yourself to death. I've already picked what I'll wear to your funeral. Dad, you're not the daughter I raised. The collection owns you now. Even Aunt Denise chimed in. Remember at Christmas 2019 you talked about wine for 20 minutes. That was the first sign. Then a final blow. Lena. She was sitting quietly near the window. When our eyes met, she looked regretful. They called me, she said softly. I didn't know they'd do this. I just said you drink responsibly. but they twisted it. Dr. Matthews raised her hand. Thank you, everyone. Avery, this isn't about judgment. It's about safety. She opened her folder and pulled out several documents. This, she said, is the treatment plan. It includes a 90-day inpatient program, property management during your absence, and financial guardianship to ensure stability. Monica stepped forward holding a thick packet, property transfer agreement. You sign the house to me for safekeeping, she said. It's temporary. After a year sober, we can revisit ownership. I stared at the papers. My name was already printed on every line. Someone had practiced my signature. You tried to steal my house, I said. Dr. Matthews interjected smoothly. Denial often expresses as hostility. It's normal, Monica reached for my hand. Please, Avery, don't make us do this the hard way. That was when Uncle Robert moved toward the door, positioning himself like a guard. "Sit down," he said softly. "Just listen." I pulled out my phone, thumbmed 911. Robert grabbed my arm. I looked at him, not furious, not scared, just done. "Let go," I said. "Now." Dr. Matthews tried to mediate. "Everyone calm. Let me go," I repeated. He did. The entire room froze. I backed toward the door. Mom sobbed. "Don't walk away, please. We can save you. Monica shouted. You'll regret this when you hit rock bottom. Dr. Matthews, ever calm, said, "Let her process. Rock bottom looks different for everyone." I opened the door, turned back once. "Rock Bottom," I said, "was trusting any of you." Then I left. Outside, the night was cold enough to sting. I sat in my car, shaking, not from fear, from disbelief that flesh and blood people could plot something so intricate under the flag of love. My phone buzzed with Ethan's text. You okay? On my way. When he arrived, I was still in the driver's seat. Engine off. He opened my door gently. "You recorded it?" I nodded. He pulled me into his arms and said nothing for a long time. Just held me like the silence could be a shield. By Monday, it was online. A Facebook page titled Prayers for Avery's Recovery. Old photos, captions like before the addiction took her. extended family commenting hearts and verses. Worse, someone had posted my police report from the break-in. Monica's caption, "She called the cops on family who were just trying to help." My inbox flooded with messages from colleagues, clients, even an old college professor. Are you okay? Do you need support? Is the story true? Sharon, my boss, called me into her office again. She was kind but careful. the way companies are when reputation might be contagious. I explained everything, showed her footage, documents, my drinking log. She sighed. Legally, you're fine. Emotionally, I'll get therapy, I said. That night, I emailed an attorney specializing in defamation and family fraud. Subject line: Need help before they ruin my life completely. He replied within an hour, "You're not crazy. They're building a paper trail. Let's start building yours." Days later, Dr. Matthews sent me an email herself. "Your family's courage is inspiring. When you're ready to accept treatment, I'll be here." I replied once. "I consume less than the CDC's definition of moderate drinking. What you staged was attempted theft." Her response came 5 minutes later. "Denial with statistical manipulation is classic high functioning alcoholism." Heartbreaking. I closed my laptop and laughed, a sharp, exhausted sound that echoed through the empty house. Then I poured myself one glass of wine, not to drown anything, but to reclaim what was mine. The cellar light glowed gold against stone. Every bottle around me was quiet, loyal, patient, everything my family wasn't. Still, I knew this wasn't over. Because people who mistake control for care don't stop when you say no. They stop when they're forced to. And I had a feeling I'd find out just how far love could go when money was involved. 6 weeks. That's how long the quiet lasted. Long enough for me to start believing the storm had passed or at least moved on to someone else's house. I went back to work full-time, started therapy, even smiled when Ethan joked that I should rename the cellar the fortress. I tried, really tried to believe it was over. Then on a gray Tuesday morning, my phone rang. Christopher, my neighbor. Avery, you home? No, I'm at the office. Why? There's a forale sign in your yard. For a second, I thought he was kidding. He wasn't. And uh there are people walking through your living room. My heart stopped. I hung up and drove like gravity didn't apply to me. 30 minutes later, I pulled up to my street and there it was. Century 21 for sale. Open house today. A lock box on my front door. Strangers strolling around my porch like it belonged to them. Inside, a realtor with a neat bun and clipboard looked startled to see me. Oh, you must be Mr. Hale, I'm Ms. Caldwell, I said the owner. What's happening here? She blinked, then checked her notes. Oh. Oh, dear. Your brother said you were in a rehab program. I'm so sorry. He signed all the documents. She showed me the listing agreement. It had my name and my forged signature right next to temporary guardian Monica Hail. It was almost perfect. Almost. The address on the rehab facility paperwork was real, but the letterhead wasn't. They'd built an entire narrative right down to a fake intake date and a counselor's signature. Dr. Karen Matthews. I felt something in me break so cleanly it made no sound. And then I heard him. Monica's husband Patrick standing in the kitchen talking to a young couple. We're planning to renovate the basement, make it a playroom. The seller used it as wine storage, but that'll all be cleared out. The seller? He was calling me the seller. When he saw me, he didn't flinch. Oh, you're back early, he said flatly. How was treatment? I pulled out my phone and started filming. You're done, I said. All of you, he rolled his eyes. You're making a scene. The realtor looked terrified now. Should I Should I call the office? Yes, I said. And while you're at it, call the police. The officers arrived quickly. Same precinct, same older cop from before. When I explained, he frowned. You filed a restraining order, right? Yes. Then this is fraud on top of trespass. They took photos of everything. The sign, the forged paperwork, the lock box drilled into my doorframe. While they worked, I stood in my own front yard, shaking, watching potential buyers hurry back to their cars. Ethan arrived mid chaos, winded from speeding. "Tell me they didn't. They tried," I said again. He didn't answer, just took my hand. The investigation unfolded faster than I expected. Maybe because this time I had every receipt, every recording, every time stamp. Police obtained a warrant and searched Monica's house. What they found was a grotesque kind of ambition, practice sheets of my signature, blueprints for our new home, my house, annotated with remove cellar racks, kids playroom, Ethan's office, guest bedroom, emails with Dr. Matthews arranging the fake rehab documentation. Text threads with my parents discussing the transition timeline. My stomach turned when I saw a folder labeled Caldwell liquidation plan. They'd itemized everything, my furniture, my art, even my car. Monica had already quit one of her jobs. Patrick had applied for a home equity line of credit on my address. And my parents, they had called my HR department at least six times, reporting concern for Avery's mental fitness. There was a file documenting every call. They weren't just trying to steal my house. They were trying to erase me from it. The deeper the detectives dug, the worse it got. They found forged bank statements, loan applications, altered investment documents, a complete fake medical file with admission records signed by Dr. Matthews. Apparently, she'd told the judge in another county that I was institutionalized and therefore unable to manage personal affairs. A judge had granted temporary conservatorship to Monica. My parents had witnessed it. If Christopher hadn't called me about the for sale sign, the sale would have gone through. By the time I noticed, they would have owned everything. The trial came fast. My lawyer said the evidence was overwhelming. The prosecutor laid it out like a true crime documentary. One, create a false narrative of addiction. Two, establish a fake paper trail of instability. Three, obtain conservatorship through fraud. Four, sell Avery's assets. Five, transfer proceeds to Monica. All of it for a house worth maybe $450,000 and a wine collection worth another h 100,000. When the judge read the charges, Monica looked defiant. Patrick looked scared. My parents just looked small. Dr. Matthews lost her license before the sentencing even began. The notary who authenticated the forged documents was arrested too. In court, Monica said, "We were trying to save her." The judge didn't even blink. You created an elaborate fiction to steal from your sister. That isn't intervention. That's conspiracy. 18 months in prison for Monica, 5 years probation for Patrick, probation and fines for my parents, community service for the notary, and restitution, almost $80,000 for me. It didn't feel like victory. It felt like burial. When the verdict was read, my mother wailed. We've lost both our daughters. I didn't correct her. The woman she used to call her daughter no longer existed. They killed her when they decided her success was evidence of sin. After court, Ethan and I walked out into the sunlight. He asked quietly, "You okay?" "No," I said, "but I'm free." We stood in the parking lot for a long time, not speaking. Then he said, "You should open that Marggo tonight." I think I will. That night, I unccorked the 1982 Chateau Margo they'd tried to sell. The cork came out clean. No crumble, no resistance. The scent hit like memory and defiance all at once. I poured one glass, looked at my cellar walls, and whispered, "You survived. So did I." I raised my glass to the cameras, the court files, the neighbor who called, and the truth that had refused to stay buried. The seller hummed quietly, a reminder that peace doesn't mean quiet. It means no one else has a key. Freedom didn't arrive as fireworks. It came as silence. The kind that finally feels earned. 6 months after the trial, I stood in my cellar again, barefoot, hair still damp from the rain outside. The bottles glowed softly under the new lighting I'd installed. Golden halos reflected off glass shoulders. For the first time in a year, I could breathe in here without flinching. Every shelf was where it belonged. Every label faced forward, and every sound, from the low hum of the climate system to the soft click of the door ceiling shut, was mine. The restitution money came in two installments. My lawyer called it a symbolic gesture. I called it funding for new locks and a therapist who doesn't flinch when I mention family. I used part of it to rebuild the tasting counter Monica had smashed during the break-in. The granite gleamed again, cooler than forgiveness. And beside it, I framed a simple line on the wall. Blood may be thicker than wine, but wine doesn't try to steal your house. Ethan thought it was darkly funny. I thought it was the truest thing I'd ever written. My parents move three towns over after sentencing. They send letters sometimes, all written in the same trembling tone of false peace. We forgive you. Family is forever. When you're ready to come home, our door is open. Every word is dipped in nostalgia and denial. I don't reply. I don't need to. Some stories end not with closure, but with distance. Monica writes from prison, too. Long, handwritten pages full of excuses and self-pity. You have no idea how hard things were for us. We did it for your own good. You'll understand someday. I've learned to let her words burn themselves out in the mailbox. Sometimes Ethan reads them first, just to spare me. Sometimes we make a joke out of it. New episode of family crime drama just dropped. But most days I just recycle them unopened. Paper doesn't deserve to keep that kind of power. Ethan and I are still together. He doesn't talk about what happened unless I do. And he never treats me like a fragile thing. The first time he came over after the sentencing, he stood in front of the cellar door for a long moment. You keeping it locked? He asked. Always. Good, he said. But open it anyway. Let's make new memories in there. So we did. We opened the 1982 Margo. The bottle Monica had tried to sell for cash. The cork released with a sigh, like the seller, exhaling after holding its breath too long. We poured two glasses and stood side by side under the amber light. It was rich, smoky, velvet soft, everything I'd dreamed it would be when I first bought it. We didn't talk much. Some wines deserve silence. A few months later, I completed my level three sumeier certification. My instructor congratulated me with a grin. You've got an insane pallet, Avery. You should teach. I laughed. I already did, I said. Just not in a classroom. Because in a twisted way, my family taught me everything about tasting life. The bitterness of betrayal, the dryness of disbelief, the surprising sweetness of survival. The house feels like mine again, but it's quieter now. Not in a lonely way, just settled. The laughter I hear comes from people who actually know me, Ethan's friends, a few co-workers, even Lena, who reached out after testifying in court. She told the judge I was the most responsible drinker she'd ever met. Afterward, she apologized for ever picking up my mother's call. It's okay, I told her. They fooled me longer than they fooled you. Now sometimes she joins our tastings and the three of us laugh over flights of Cabernet and second chances. Therapy helped not to forgive them. That word still tastes sour, but to stop bleeding energy into their absence. My therapist said something that stuck. Sometimes justice is the quiet after the storm, not the apology that never comes. She was right. Justice wasn't the verdict. It was the fact that I could walk into my cellar, pour a glass, and not feel like a defendant in my own home. Every month on the date the trial ended, I open one bottle from the section Monica almost emptied. Sometimes I share it with friends. Sometimes I drink alone with music low and the window open. Each sip feels like defiance, but also gratitude. Proof that I survive something meant to erase me. My collection now stands at 850 bottles. Each cataloged, insured, and entirely mine. Not because I'm obsessive, but because it's how I honor what they tried to steal. my autonomy. People ask sometimes if I'll ever speak to my family again. I tell them the truth. Maybe someday if they ever learn the difference between help and control, but I doubt it. Some people only feel whole when they're cutting pieces out of you. So I build my own version of family. Chosen, patient, kind, the ones who don't need my downfall to prove their love. And when we toast, I always raise my glass to the same thing. To peace, to proof, to never doubting your own story again. The seller hums softly in agreement, its air cool and clean. I take a sip. It tastes like oak and earth and something rarer.

- My Parents Saw My Wine Collection And Decided I Was An Alcoholic… Reddit Relationship Stories: Kind: captions Language: en My parents saw my wine collection and decided I was an alcoholic who needed to be kept in check while I was away. They broke into my house and sold my collection to force me into rehab. I, 30, male, need some perspective here because I'm starting to feel like I'm living in an alternate reality. This whole situation has spiraled so far out of control that I'm genuinely questioning whether I'm the crazy one. For context, I work as a senior analyst at an investment firm in Hartford. Two years ago, after getting promoted to a position that finally gave me the salary I've been working toward, I bought my first home, a beautiful 1920s Victorian in West Hartford with original hardwood floors, crown molding, and most importantly, a stone cellar that maintained perfect temperature year round. The previous owner had been using it for storage, but I immediately saw its potential. I've been collecting wine since my junior year of college when I did a study abroad program in Bordeaux. What started as bringing home a few bottles as souvenirs turned into a genuine passion. I studied viticulture, learned about teroir, spent weekends visiting vineyards across New England. I'm not some casual collector. I have my Sumelier level two certification and I'm working toward level three. My collection now includes about 800 bottles carefully curated over 8 years. Yes, I've invested roughly $40,000, which sounds excessive until you realize that's $5,000 a year, less than many people spend on golf or skiing. Some bottles cost $20, others significantly more. My pride and joy is a 1982 Chateau Marggo I bought at auction for $600 that's now worth nearly $2,000. Here's the crucial part. I drink maybe two glasses of wine a week, sometimes three if I'm hosting a dinner party. I track everything in my seller journal. What I drink, when, with what, meal, tasting notes. It's part of the hobby. I probably consume less alcohol than most people who grab a six-pack every weekend. Last month, my parents, Edward, 62, and Susan 60, visited for the first time since I finished the seller renovation. I'd spent 6 months installing climate control, custom racking, proper lighting, even a small tasting area with a granite counter and bar stools. I was so proud to show them what I'd accomplished. The moment they walked down those stairs, everything changed. My mother's hand went to her mouth. My father's face darkened. They exchanged looks I hadn't seen since I was 17 and came home past curfew. "James," my mother said slowly. "What is all this?" I explained enthusiastically. "The organization system, the temperature zones, how I'd researched optimal humidity levels. I showed them my inventory spreadsheet, pulled out a nice bottle of Burgundy to share over dinner. They wouldn't even taste it. Instead, they sat me down in my own living room like I was a child needing intervention. My mother's eyes were actually tearing up as she said, "James, no normal person needs 800 bottles of alcohol. This is hoarding behavior combined with addiction." I tried explaining, showed them articles about wine collecting as an investment, pulled up the wine spectator website, showed them my seller journal, proving I'd only opened 12 bottles in the past 3 months, most for hosting friends. My father's response chilled me. Addicts always keep detailed records to convince themselves they're in control. Your grandfather did the same thing with his whiskey bottles. My grandfather had been an alcoholic, a real one, lost his job. His family died of liver failure at 58. The comparison was insulting and painful. But here's where it gets truly insane. They pivoted from concern to something else entirely. You know, my mother said, wiping her eyes, "Your brother Michael has been having such a hard time. Three kids in that tiny rental. Patricia working two jobs to make ends meet. And here you are, one person in this big house. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My brother Michael, 35M, is a high school history teacher who's made a series of questionable financial decisions. Expensive truck he couldn't afford. Vacations on credit cards. His wife Patricia sells MLM products and loses money every month. Their financial struggles are entirely self-inflicted. What does Michael have to do with my wine collection? I asked. My father leaned forward. Son, you need help. Real help. You could move back home while you get treatment. Get your life together. And this house, well, it would be put to better use with a family that's building something healthy. They wanted me to give my house to my brother, not sell it. Give it because apparently my wine collection proved I was too unstable to deserve home ownership. We've already talked to a lawyer, my mother added. There are options when adult children need intervention, conservatorship, guardianship. We don't want to go that route, but if you can't see what this collection really is, I stood up, told them to leave. My mother cried harder. My father said I was choosing addiction over family. They left, but not before my mother pressed a brochure into my hand for a rehab facility specializing in high functioning alcoholics. The next morning, my phone exploded. My brother had already started texting. Hey, bro. Mom and dad told me about your situation. I know this is hard to hear, but that seller looks like something from Hoarders. Maybe this is a wakeup call. And honestly, with Benjamin starting school and the twins getting bigger, we really need more space. This could work out for everyone. Then I've been looking at your property on Zillow. That basement would make an amazing playroom once we clear out all those bottles. Then Patricia found some great studio apartments near Mom and Dad. Want me to send you links? The entitlement was staggering. He'd already mentally moved into my house. I responded once. There is no situation. I'm not an alcoholic. I'm not giving you my house. Please respect my boundaries. His response denial is so sad to watch. We're here when you're ready to get help. For the next week, the bombardment continued. Daily texts from my parents with addiction resources. Links to AA meetings. My mother calling my friends to express her concerns. My father emailing me articles about functioning alcoholics. Michael sending me apartment listings for after treatment. Patricia texting asking about my furniture for when you downsize. I started documenting everything. Screenshots saved voicemails, emails. Something told me I'd need evidence of their harassment. My mother even called my ex-girlfriend, Jennifer, who I'm still friends with. Jennifer called me laughing, saying, "Your mom just tried to stage an intervention for you over the phone." She said, "You have 800 bottles of wine." I said, "Yeah, and he's had that collection forever. He drinks less than I do." But not everyone was supportive. Some extended family members started reaching out with concern. My aunt Linda posted on Facebook about praying for family members struggling with addiction. Everyone knew she meant me. The narrative was set. I was an alcoholic in denial, selfishly hoarding resources while my brother's family struggled. The truth that I'd worked hard, saved money, invested wisely, and enjoyed a sophisticated hobby was irrelevant. 3 weeks after that initial visit, things escalated dramatically. Update one. 2 weeks later, they gave my brother a key and tried to steal my collection. I can't believe I'm writing this update. The situation has escalated beyond anything I could have imagined. I thought my family was just being overly concerned and greedy. I didn't realize they were capable of criminal behavior. After my original post, I took everyone's advice seriously, changed my locks, installed security cameras, documented everything. I even had a calm boundary setting conversation with both parents where I thought we'd reached an understanding. They agreed to respect my space and approach things differently. I should have known better when my brother kept texting about wanting to help and repeatedly asking when I'd be traveling for work. I had a business trip to Boston, an important client meeting I couldn't miss. I'd mentioned it weeks ago during a family call before all this started. Usually, I'm gone 3 days for these quarterly meetings. This time, the client canled the second day of meetings due to a family emergency. Instead of staying in Boston alone, I drove back Tuesday evening. Pulling into my driveway at 8:00 p.m., I immediately noticed my brother's truck and Patricia's minivan. My front door was wide open, lights blazing throughout the house. My heart started pounding. Inside, I found Michael, Patricia, and two men I didn't recognize loading wine from my cellar into boxes. They'd already filled dozens of boxes stacked by the door. My brother was in the cellar itself, working from my most expensive section. "What the hell are you doing?" I shouted. Michael looked up, not with guilt, but with a smile. James, you're back early. Perfect timing. We're just helping with your recovery. Mom said you were ready to take this step. Patricia was wrapping bottles in newspaper like this was completely normal. We're being so careful with everything. We found a dealer who specializes in collections like this. You'll get good money for treatment. The two men were apparently from a wine shop that bought collections. They had an invoice showing they were prepared to pay $30,000 for what they'd selected easily $100,000 worth of wine at actual value. The bottles they' chosen weren't random. They targeted my most valuable vintages. A 1982 Chateau Margo. A 2005 Roman Conti. A case of 2009 Chateau Lefit bottles. I'd been saving for major milestones. My wedding, my children's births, retirement celebrations. Put everything back now, I said, pulling out my phone. James, don't be dramatic, Michael said. We're doing this because we love you. The money will pay for excellent treatment. Passages. Malibu has an opening. I called 911. While on the phone with dispatch, I watched Patricia's face change from pity to anger. You're calling the police on Family. James, you're sick. The two wine dealers immediately started backing away, realizing this wasn't authorized. They whispered to Michael about leaving, but he waved them off. It's fine. He's just upset. This is part of the process. While waiting for police, I demanded to know how they got in. That's when Michael pulled out a key, my spare key, the one I'd given my parents years ago for emergencies and forgotten about. Mom gave it to us, he said proudly. She knew you'd resist at first. That's why we waited until you were gone. Less traumatic for everyone. I noticed Patricia filming me with her phone. For the intervention specialist, she explained to show your emotional volatility. The police arrived within 10 minutes. two officers who looked increasingly confused as Michael tried to explain the situation. Officers, my brother is an alcoholic. We're conducting an intervention. We have family permission to remove these addiction triggers. Our mother, sir, the older officer interrupted, whose name is on the deed to this house? Mine, I said, showing my ID. And these bottles belong to you. Yes, I have receipts for most of them. The officer turned to Michael. Then you need to put everything back and leave now. Michael's face went red. You don't understand. Look at this seller. Hundreds of bottles. He's sick. We're trying to save his life. The younger officer who'd been examining my cellar actually said, "This looks like a professional collection. Proper storage organization system inventory logs. I've seen addiction. Sir, this isn't it." They made Michael and Patricia unload every box, return every bottle. I checked each one, my hands shaking with rage. Three bottles were already broken, including a $400 burgundy. Michael shrugged, "Casualties of recovery." The officers took statements from everyone. They warned Michael about trespassing and theft. Told him the key didn't give him permission to enter without my consent or take my property. As they were leaving, Michael couldn't resist one last shot. This is exactly what addicts do. Choose their substance over family. You'll regret this when you're dying alone, surrounded by your precious bottles. After they left, I did a full inventory. Beyond the broken bottles, they'd created their own documentation, a typed list titled evidence of addiction with photos of my seller from multiple angles. Notes like excessive variety indicates loss of control and organization suggests obsessive behavior. They'd even calculated the alcohol content of my entire collection as if I planned to drink it all at once. Within an hour, my phone exploded with messages. Mom, how dare you call the police on your brother? He was trying to help you. Dad, you've shown your true character, treating family like criminals because they care about you. Patricia, the kids saw Uncle Michael in handcuffs. He wasn't. You've traumatized them. Michael, I forgive you. The disease is controlling you. When you're ready for help, I'll be here. Aunt Linda, your mother is devastated. Choosing alcohol over family is textbook addiction. I changed my locks that night to a smart lock system only I can access. Upgraded my security system, set up motion alerts on all cameras, consulted a lawyer about a restraining order, though he suggested starting with a cease and desist letter. The irony in their attempt to save me, they'd committed actual crimes breaking and entering attempted theft conspiracy to commit fraud. They'd forged my signature on the wine dealer's paperwork, but in their minds, they're heroes trying to save me from myself. The fact that I collect wine responsibly, store it properly, and drink in moderation is irrelevant to their narrative. They've decided I'm an addict, and everything must fit that story. I haven't had a drink since this happened, not because I have a problem, but because they've made something I love feel tainted. Every time I look at my collection now, I see their greedy hands grabbing bottles they had no right to touch. Update two. 6 weeks later, the professional intervention and property transfer documents. I genuinely thought involving the police would end this insanity. Instead, it seemed to escalate their determination. For three weeks after the break-in, things went quiet. Some passive aggressive texts forwarding addiction articles, but no direct contact. I started to relax. Even hosted a wine tasting for charity that raised $5,000 for the local food bank. 15 attendees, each tasting five wines, completely civilized. Then my mother called. Her voice was different, soft, apologetic. James. Honey, I know things have been difficult. We've been reflecting on our approach. We miss you. Could we just have dinner? Just family just talking. No ambushes, I promise. She sounded so genuine. My father got on the phone, said they just wanted their family together again. Mentioned they'd been seeing a counselor who helped them understand they'd approached things wrong. I should have trusted my gut, but these were my parents 30 years of normal family life before this madness. So, I agreed to dinner that Saturday. Pulling up to their house, I should have turned around when I saw the cars. Michael's truck, Patricia's minivan, Aunt Linda's sedan, four cars I didn't recognize, but I told myself maybe they were having other guests. Maybe this was coincidence. Walking in, I found 25 people in the living room. Parents, aunts, uncles, cousins I hadn't seen in years. Family friends. In the center sat a woman in a navy blazer with a leather folder labeled James Intervention. My mother wouldn't meet my eyes. My father stared at the floor. The woman stood. James, I'm Dr. Karen Matthews. I specialize in high functioning addiction and intervention services. Your family loves you very much and wants to help you reclaim your life. I turned to leave. My uncle Robert and cousin Kevin blocked the door. Please, Dr. Matthew said, hear them out. Then you're free to go. I sat down, pulling out my phone to record. For the next two hours, I endured pre-written statements from people who barely knew me. Michael went first. James, your addiction has changed you. The brother I knew would never call the police on family. You chose alcohol over my children's safety. I pray every night that you'll find your way back to us. Patricia, the kids ask why Uncle James loves his bottles more than them. Benjamin drew a picture of you at school. You were holding a wine bottle instead of his hand. My mother crying. I stay awake, terrified I'll get the call that you've drunk yourself to death. I've already picked out what I'll wear to your funeral. My father. You've become someone I don't recognize. Paranoid, isolated, violent. This collection has consumed you. Aunt Linda, who I hadn't seen in 2 years. At Christmas 3 years ago, you talked about wine for 20 minutes. I knew then something was wrong. My cousin Ashley, who's 16. I'm scared I'll end up like you, Uncle James, alone with an addiction instead of a family. Even family friends. Nancy, my mother's book club friend. Your parents are suffering good people. Watching their son disappear into a bottle. Robert, my father's golf buddy. Real men face their problems. Using wine to escape reality is cowardice. Dr. Matthews then presented her evidence. Photos from my seller taken during the break-in. A financial analysis. $40,000 over eight years equals $13.70 per day feeding addiction. Social media posts about wine obsessive documentation of drinking. The police report violence against family attempting help. My isolation living alone at 30. My defensiveness denying a problem I don't have. She diagnosed me with high functioning alcohol dependency with collector's delusion. Apparently a condition where addicts disguise their disease as connoisseurship. The good news, she said, is that your family has a solution. Michael stood with a folder. Inside were legal documents, property transfer papers, power of attorney forms, bank account authorizations. We've thought of everything, he said proudly. You sign the house over to me for safekeeping. Enter treatment. We found an excellent 90-day program. Mom and dad will manage your finances during recovery. After a year sober, we reassess everything. He'd attached a spreadsheet. The house is worth $450,000. Treatment cost $50,000. Managing your assets, storing belongings, maintaining the property, call it $100,000. You'd still have $300,000 equity, which I'd hold in trust. When you're better, we can discuss a payment plan. I stood up. You're trying to steal my house. We're trying to save your life. My mother wailed. Dr. Matthews interjected. Resistance is expected. James, your addiction is fighting for survival. I headed for the door. Uncle Robert grabbed my arm. You're not leaving until you face this. I pulled out my phone. I'm calling 911 again. The room erupted, crying, shouting, "Please!" My grandmother clutched her chest. My mother screamed about losing her baby to alcoholism. Dr. Matthews frantically tried to restore order. "Let him go," she finally said. "He needs to process. Rock bottom is different for everyone. I left to Michael shouting, "We'll be here when you're ready." The offer stands. The harassment intensified. Daily calls from Dr. Matthews's office. Texts from every family member with addiction articles. My mother leaving voicemails sobbing about my impending death. Michael sending rehab brochures. Patricia creating a Facebook page praying for James' recovery. The Facebook page was the worst. Extended family sharing prayers. Old photos of me with captions like before addiction took hold. friends calling confused asking if I was okay. One post showed my college graduation photo eight years ago. So much promise now drowning in wine. Pray for our James. I sent cease and desist letters. The page came down, but screenshots had spread. Professional contacts asked if I needed help. My boss called me in concerningly mentioning personal challenges. I showed him my wine tracking app, two glasses in the past week. He laughed. Said his wife drank more than that, but the damage was done. I was now James with the addiction to half my network. Dr. Matthews sent a final email. Your family's courage in facing your addiction is admirable. When you're ready, I'm here. Until then, know that every drink takes you further from recovery. I responded once. I consume less alcohol than the CDC's definition of moderate drinking. Your intervention was attempted theft. Do not contact me again. Her response denial so profound it includes statistical manipulation. Heartbreaking. Final update. Four months later, they tried to sell my house through fraud. This will be my final update because this situation has reached a conclusion that still feels surreal. After the intervention disaster, I implemented every protection possible. Restraining orders against Michael and my parents. Security system with 247 monitoring. Cameras covering every angle. Changed jobs to one with less travel. Started therapy not for addiction but for trauma from my family's betrayal for 2 months. Blessed quiet. A few flying monkey cousins checking on my recovery but nothing direct. I started healing. Even began enjoying wine again without their poison tainting it. Then Christopher, my neighbor, called on a Tuesday afternoon. James, there's a forale sign in your yard and people touring your house. I was at work 30 minutes away. Raced home to find a Century 21 sign planted in my lawn. a lock box on my door. A realtor named Nancy showing a young couple around my property. Excuse me, I said approaching. I'm the owner. What's happening here? Nancy looked confused, checking her phone. Mr. Michael, I thought you were in rehab. I'm James, the actual owner, and I'm not selling. She showed me the listing agreement signed by James and Michael as temporary guardian due to medical incapacity, forgery. Inside my house, strangers were viewing my bedroom, my kitchen, my wine celler. Michael was there describing renovation plans. The seller will make an amazing playroom, he was saying. Just need to clear out the previous owner's things. He saw me and didn't even flinch. James, you're out. How was treatment? I called 911. Then my lawyer then started recording everything. The investigation revealed the full scope. They'd filed for conservatorship in a different county claiming I was institutionalized for alcoholism. Using photos from my seller, Dr. Matthews intervention report and affidavit from family, they'd convinced a judge to grant emergency temporary conservatorship to Michael. The documents were elaborate forgeries, fake admission papers to a rehab facility, forged psychological evaluations, medical records showing hospitalizations that never occurred, bank statements altered to show reckless spending. They'd been planning this for months. At Michael's house, police found practice sheets of my signature detailed renovation plans for my house, emails discussing my wine collections value. Patricia's Pinterest board titled our new Victorian home and their children's school transfer papers to my district. They told their kids they were moving, enrolled them in schools. Patricia had quit one of her jobs confident in their upcoming windfall. The crulest part, my parents had been calling my employer for months with concerns. HR had a file of worried calls about my deteriorating condition and requests for mental health leave on my behalf. The investigation uncovered financial crimes, too, credit cards opened in my name, loan applications using my information, attempts to access my investment accounts, forged power of attorney documents. They'd hired someone to create a fake social media profile, posting about my recovery journey, and gratitude for family support during treatment. Friends had been congratulating me on getting help for a problem I didn't have. The prosecutor laid out the conspiracy. One, create false narrative of addiction. Two, establish paper trail of concerning behavior. Three, obtain conservatorship through fraud. Four, sell my assets for treatment. Five, transfer proceeds to Michael. All for a house and wine collection worth maybe $500,000. They destroyed our family for money. The trial was swift. Evidence was overwhelming. Security footage, forged documents, financial records, witness testimony. Michael got 18 months in prison, 5 years probation, restitution. My parents got probation fines, community service. Dr. Matthews lost her license faced separate charges. The notary who had authenticated forged documents was arrested. During sentencing, Michael still insisted he was trying to help me. The judge's response was scathing. You created elaborate fiction to steal from your brother. This wasn't intervention. It was a conspiracy to commit fraud. My mother sobbed in court, wailing about losing both sons. My father stared straight ahead, suddenly old. Patricia tried to approach me, saying the kids missed their uncle. I walked away. The extended family imploded. Some apologized profusely, realizing they'd been manipulated. Others doubled down, insisting I'd manipulated the system and was imprisoning family over wine. Aunt Linda posted, "Addiction makes people vindictive. Praying for James finds peace. I don't care anymore. My collection survived intact. I hired movers to pack my most valuable bottles, stored them professionally during the trial. The house after being violated by strangers trapesing through feels mine again. I've redecorated, repainted, reclaimed it. Last month, I achieved level three sumelier certification. Celebrated with friends, real ones who never doubted my sanity. We opened the 1982 Chateau Marggo Michael tried to steal. It was transcendent. My therapist helped me understand. They didn't believe I was an addict. That was just the excuse. They saw my success, my nice house, my valuable collection, and felt entitled to it. The intervention was theater to justify theft. I haven't spoken to my parents or Michael since the trial. I won't. They made their choice when they decided their greed mattered more than truth. Sometimes I get emails from unknown addresses. Forgiveness heals. Family is forever. Don't let pride destroy relationships. I delete them unopened. My new tradition. Every month I open a bottle from what they tried to steal. Share it with friends who've become my chosen family. Toast to surviving to boundaries to the beautiful life I've built that no one can take away. The collection now stands at 850 bottles. Added some incredible finds with the restitution money. each one a small victory proof that I'm still here, still collecting, still living my life on my terms. To anyone facing similar situations, document everything. Trust your instincts. Get legal help early. Don't let anyone gaslight you into doubting reality. And remember, DNA doesn't entitle anyone to your life, your success, or your happiness. Blood may be thicker than wine, but wine doesn't try to steal your house. Sometimes the best family is the one you choose. Sometimes the strongest thing you can do is walk away from those who refuse to see you as you truly are. Every sip tastes like freedom.

- Parents Left Me Their 'Worthless' Wine Cellar, But The Hidden Collection Changed Everything!: Kind: captions Language: en and to my youngest daughter, Rebecca, I leave the wine celler and all its contents." The lawyer's words hung in the air of my parents' study as my older siblings, Amanda and Peter, exchanged smirks. "They'd already divided up the real prizes, the mansion, the investment accounts, the vacation homes, and dad's successful import business. At least you got something," Amanda said with fake sympathy. "Though I'm not sure those dusty old bottles are worth the storage fees." I said nothing, remembering my last conversation with dad 3 weeks before he passed. He'd taken me down to the wine seller, something he'd done countless times throughout my childhood. While my siblings had dismissed his wine collecting as an old man's hobby, I'd spent hours with him learning about vintages, regions, and proper storage. "Promise me something, Becca," he'd said, his hand resting on a seemingly ordinary rack of bottles. "Promise you'll never sell the collection. Not even one bottle. I promise, Dad, I'd replied, puzzled by his intensity. But why? Just remember, he'd interrupted, his eyes twinkling with that familiar spark of mischief. Sometimes the most valuable things are hidden in plain sight. Now, watching my siblings divide up their millions, I wondered what he'd meant. The wine seller, while extensive, had never seemed particularly valuable. Most of the bottles appeared to be everyday wines. Nothing that would interest serious collectors. Ms. Williams. The lawyer's voice pulled me from my memories. Your father left this for you as well. He handed me an envelope with for Rebecca. Open a loan written in Dad's distinctive handwriting. Peter snorted probably instructions on how to drink cheap wine. I tucked the envelope into my purse, ignoring their laughter. After the will reading, I drove straight to the estate, using my key to enter the wine celler. The familiar smell of oak and earth welcomed me as I descended the stone steps. Everything looked exactly as it had during my last visit with dad. Rows of bottles lined the walls, their labels dusty but legible. Nothing seemed remarkable or particularly valuable. Sitting on a wooden stool by dad's old tasting table, I opened his letter. My dearest Becca, if you're reading this, then you've inherited what appears to be a modest wine seller. Your siblings, like most people, see only what's on the surface. But you've always looked deeper, understood that true value isn't always obvious. Remember all those hours we spent discussing wine? The stories I told about each bottle? There was more to those lessons than just wine appreciation. Look at the third rack from the left, fifth row up. Find the 1982 Bordeaux with the slightly torn label. Pull it forward, but don't drop it. Oh, I love Dad. My heart pounding, I followed his instructions. The bottle moved strangely like a lever, and suddenly there was a soft click. The entire rack swung outward, revealing a hidden door with a keypad. My hands trembling. I entered the date dad had always said was the most important in wine history. The day prohibition ended. The door opened silently, revealing a chamber I'd never known existed. Inside, illuminated by soft lighting, was a collection that made me gasp. Hundreds of bottles, each one a legendary vintage first growth Bordeaux from the 1800s. Preilox Burgundy's wines that I'd only read about in dad's old books. A leatherbound ledger sat on a climate controlled desk. Opening it, I found meticulous records of each bottle's provenence, complete with authentication certificates and purchase records. The total value made me dizzy. Over $40 million at current market prices. But there was more. A second ledger detailed dad's real business, not just importing wine, but authenticating and trading rare vintages for an exclusive network of collectors. The wine celler above had been a clever cover, making the estate appear unremarkable to potential thieves. A letter lay beside the ledgers. Becca, now you understand why I made you promise not to sell. This collection represents 40 years of carefully built relationships with the world's most serious wine collectors. They trust our family because we've always operated with discretion and expertise. Your siblings see wine as just expensive grape juice. You understand it's about history, culture, and connections. That's why you're reading this letter instead of them. The collection is well doumented and fully insured. My attorney, Mr. Phillips, has all the necessary paperwork. He's been handling the legal aspects for decades and will help you understand everything. But first, you need to prepare. Amanda and Peter won't stop at trying to claim the seller once they realize what they've missed. They'll try everything to gain control. Don't let them. You're ready for this, Becca. You understand what makes wine truly valuable. Not just its price, but its story, its history, the connections it creates between people and cultures. Oh, my love. Dad P has checked the small black book in the corner. You'll find tomorrow's appointment particularly interesting. The book contained details of a meeting scheduled for tomorrow morning with the curator of rare wines for the royal family interested in acquiring several pre-war Burgundis. The bottles in question sat in a special case nearby. Their combined value enough to buy a small island. As I stood in that hidden room, surrounded by liquid history worth millions, I heard Amanda's words echo. At least you got something. I smiled, thinking of all the exclusive tastings dad had hosted in the modest seller above, quietly maintaining relationships with the world's most influential collectors, while others underestimated him. Tomorrow would be interesting indeed. Looking back at Dad's letter, I noticed a line I missed before. PPS, the security cameras have already caught Peter trying to inventory the seller tonight. The footage might be useful later. I checked the sophisticated security systems feed. Sure enough, there was Peter sneaking around with a wine pricing app, probably looking for anything valuable enough to challenge the will over. That's when I truly understood. Dad hadn't just left me a wine collection. He'd left me everything I needed to protect it. The seller bell chimed. Someone had entered. Through the security monitor, I saw Amanda wandering the outer cellar, probably looking for expensive labels she could claim had sentimental value. Let her look, I thought. The real treasures were safe behind stone and steel, waiting for someone who understood their true worth. Just like Dad had waited for someone who understood his. The next morning, I arrived at the cellar early to prepare for the royal family's curator meeting. Amanda's Mercedes was already parked outside, and I could see Peter's Range Rover turning into the driveway. Perfect timing. I straightened my vintage Cardier watch, a gift from dad that my siblings had always dismissed as a reproduction, and waited. Becca. Amanda's voice carried down the seller stairs. We need to talk about proper storage for these wines. Peter and I think later I interrupted, checking my phone. I have an appointment. An appointment? Peter scoffed as he joined us in this dusty cellar. With who? The seller door opened again, and Sir James Wellington, chief wine curator for the royal family, descended the stairs. His assistant followed, carrying specialized cases for transporting rare wines. Ms. Williams, Sir James extended his hand. Your father spoke highly of you. He said you inherited his pallet for fine vintages. I led them to the tasting room, the public one, leaving my siblings, staring open-mouthed. This needs to be a family discussion. Amanda called after me. Later, I repeated. I have business to conduct. In the tasting room, I used the hidden elevator system I discovered last night to bring up the pre-war Burgundies from the vault. Dad had thought of everything, creating a way to access the collection without revealing its location. Magnificent, Sir James breathed, examining the bottles. The provenence documentation. I provided the comprehensive records Dad had maintained. As you can see, the chain of ownership is unbroken since they left the vineyard in 1939. After an hour of examination and discussion, Sir James made his decision. The royal household would acquire the Burgundies for 2.8 million, maintaining the same discretion that had characterized their 30-year relationship with my father. When I emerged from the tasting room, my siblings were still there trying to look casual while obviously burning with curiosity. "What was that about?" Amanda demanded. "Just business," I replied. "The kind dad taught me. Why? You were both too busy to learn about cheap bottles. Now look here. Peter stepped forward, his face reening. This is ridiculous. We have that seller assessed. You have the public seller assessed. I corrected him. The part Dad wanted you to see. That stopped him short. What are you talking about? Why don't we discuss it over dinner? Bring your lawyers. You'll need them after your failed inventory attempt last night. Peter went pale. Amanda's perfectly maintained odd cracked. You're bluffing, she whispered. I pulled out my phone and played the security footage. Dad believed in good security. He also believed in keeping evidence. They left quickly after that, already on their phones with their lawyers, but I knew this was just the beginning. Over the next few weeks, I discovered the true scope of dad's wine empire. The seller was just one node in a network of relationships he'd built across the global wine trade. His reputation for authenticity and discretion had made him the go-to dealer for legitimate collectors worldwide. The public seller served multiple purposes, a cover for the real collection, a way to spot potential clients, and most importantly, a test of character. How people treated what they thought was a modest wine seller revealed everything about how they handled truly valuable vintages. My siblings predictably launch a legal challenge to the will. They claimed dad hadn't been of sound mind, that I had manipulated him, that the seller's true value had been concealed from him. But dad had prepared for that, too. Mr. Phillips, his lawyer, presented years of documentation showing his careful evaluation of all his children, notes about Peter's attempts to sell off worthless wines for quick cash, records of Amanda's complaints about the embarrassing seller and her refusal to learn about wine, and detailed observations of my own growing understanding of both wine and people. Your father, Mr. Phillips, told me after we won the court case, was playing a very long game. He needed someone who understood that true value isn't always obvious in wine or in people. The victory was comprehensive. Amanda and Peter were forced to pay damages for the attempted inventory theft and sign agreements preventing them from interfering with the business. But success brought its own challenges. Running an international wine trading business required more than just knowledge of vintages and regions. It needed discretion, judgment, and an ability to read people as carefully as you read wine labels. Gradually, I built my own reputation while maintaining dad's high standards. The public seller continued to operate, still serving as both cover and testing ground. I even hired Peter's daughter, who shared my love of wine and had her grandfather's eye for quality. As an apprentice, proving that sometimes taste skips a generation. One year after dad's death, I sat in a hidden vault with a glass of his favorite Bordeaux, reading his personal journals. One entry stood out. The greatest treasures aren't always the ones in plain sight. Sometimes they're the people others overlook, the potential others miss, the value others are too blind to see. Becca understands this. That's why she'll take what I've built and make it even stronger. He'd been right. Of course, the real inheritance wasn't just the multi-million dollar wine collection or the network of international clients. It was the wisdom to see beyond surfaces, to understand that true worth often hides behind modest labels. Amanda and Peter had inherited the mansion and money, the obvious wealth. But I had inherited something far more valuable, a legacy built on understanding, patience, and the ability to recognize treasure in unexpected places. Two years later, at a private tasting for select clients, Amanda approached me with an unusual request. Would you? Would you teach me about wine? Really? Teach me? I think I finally understand what dad was trying to show us all those years. I smiled, remembering all her past comments about cheap bottles. I'd be happy to, I said. After all, someone needs to explain that real value isn't always what it appears to be. Looking around the cellar that night after everyone had gone, I touched the bottle that concealed the vault's entrance. Dad's voice seemed to echo in the silence. Sometimes the most valuable things are hidden in plain sight. How right he been. The real treasure wasn't just the wines in the vault. It was in the lessons he taught me, the wisdom he'd shared, and the understanding that true value, whether in wine or in people, often lies beneath the surface, waiting for someone patient enough to discover it. Just like Dad had seen the potential in me when everyone else saw just another girl who liked to drink wine with her father. And that I realized was the greatest inheritance of

- My Parents Saw My Wine Collection And Decided I Was An Alcoholic | Reddit story: Kind: captions Language: en The night I realized my parents didn't just disapprove of my life, but believed they had the right to control it, was the night I unlocked my front door and found my living room half empty, my wine celler stripped bare, and a handwritten note on my kitchen counter that read like a court verdict. Woo did this for your own good. You've lost control. For a full minute, I honestly thought I'd been robbed. Not the clean, smash, and grab kind, but the quiet surgical kind. The kind where someone knows exactly what to take and what to leave behind. Nothing else was touched. My TV was still there. My laptop sat charging on the desk. My watch lay untouched by the door. Only one thing was gone. The thing my parents had always stared at like it was a loaded weapon. My wine collection. I stood there in silence. The house smelling faintly of dust and oak. My stomach as realization crawled up my spine. This wasn't a burglary. This was an intervention without consent. Let me be clear from the start. I am not an alcoholic. I don't drink every day. I don't wake up shaking. I don't hide bottles or miss work or blackout. What I am, or rather, was is a collector. Wine has been my hobby for nearly a decade. I studied it. I invested in it. I traveled for it. I built a climate controlled seller in my own damn home for it. Some people collect watches. Some collect art. I collected wine. But to my parents, a shelf full of bottles meant only one thing I needed to be kept in check. The funny thing is, I should have seen this coming. My parents have always had a very specific idea of who I'm allowed to be. Responsible means obedient. Successful means traditional. Anything they don't understand gets labeled as dangerous, excessive, or immoral. Growing up, it was video games. Then it was traveling alone. Then it was living by myself instead of saving money by staying close to them and eventually inevitably it became alcohol. It started with comments. Little ones, sharp ones disguised as jokes. Another bottle. Planning a party. People don't need that much wine. You know, addiction runs in families. I'd laugh it off. Explain vintages. Talk about regions. Mention resale value. I even showed them articles about wine collecting as an investment. None of it mattered. Their faces always tighten the same way. Like I was trying to justify something shameful. The real shift happened about six months ago when they visited my house for the first time after I finished expanding the cellar. I was proud of it. Genuinely proud. Temperature controlled racks, proper humidity, bottles laid horizontally, cataloged and labeled. It was the result of years of saving, planning, and learning. My mother walked in, took one look around, and went quiet. Not impressed. quiet. Judging quiet. My father didn't even pretend. He whistled low and said, "This is excessive." That word excessive hung in the air like a sentence. Dinner that night was tense. They barely touched their food. My mother kept watching me every time I took a sip of water, like she was waiting for me to sneak alcohol when she wasn't looking. On their way out, she hugged me too tightly and whispered, "We're worried about you." Worried? That was the word they used when they talked about drugs on the news. A week later, my aunt called, then my cousin, then my older brother. Each conversation felt strangely rehearsed. Are you okay? Do you think you might be drinking more than you realize? We just want to make sure you're safe. I finally confronted my parents about it. My father didn't deny it. He leaned back in his chair, folded his arms, and said, "When someone has that much alcohol in their house, it's a problem whether they admit it or not. I told them to back off." Firmly, calmly, I reminded them that I was an adult, that this was my property, my home, my money. My mother cried. My father warned me that pride comes before a fall. And then they did something that at the time felt dramatic, but harmless. They asked for a spare key back. I refused. That should have been the end of it. I thought setting that boundary would force them to accept reality. Instead, it just made them sneakier. Two weeks ago, I had to travel for work. 4 days, three nights. I didn't tell my parents. I didn't think I needed to. Apparently, that was my mistake. When I came home and saw the cellar empty, the racks bare except for a few pensive bottles I kept upstairs for guests, my first reaction wasn't anger. It was disbelief. the kind that makes your ears ring and your thoughts slow down. I kept opening doors, checking corners, as if the bottles might suddenly reappear if I looked hard enough. Then I read the note again. They didn't just sell my wine. They sold it to remove temptation. They sold it because, in their words, you can't be trusted to make good decisions right now. They sold it to help me and the money. They said they were holding on to it until I committed to getting help. Rehab. Not a conversation, not a suggestion, a condition. I sat down on the floor of my own house and realized something terrifying. My parents hadn't just crossed a boundary. They had rewritten reality in their heads where I was no longer a person, just a problem to be managed. And that was only the beginning. After the shock wore off, anger rushed in like a delayed explosion. Not the loud screaming kind, something colder, heavier. I walked back into the cellar again and again, counting empty slots like they might suddenly make sense if I looked hard enough. Some of those bottles had been gifts. Some were purchased years ago when prices were low. A few were worth more than my monthly mortgage payment. And every single one of them had been taken without permission by the two people who kept insisting they were just worried. I called my parents that night. My mother answered on the first ring like she'd been waiting by the phone. Her voice was soft, relieved even. Oh, thank God you're home. We were so worried you'd react badly. That sentence alone told me everything. They'd already decided I would be unreasonable, emotional, unstable. In their minds, that justified everything. I asked her where my wine was. She didn't dodge the question. She sounded proud. We took care of it. She said, "It's gone. Gone like expired groceries." My father took the phone next. His tone was calm in that infuriating, condescending way adults use when they think they're being rational, he explained slowly that they'd contacted a reseller. Sold most of the collection in bulk. We didn't want you to be tempted to rebuild it. He added like he was explaining why you don't give matches back to a child. I asked how they got into my house. There was a pause. Then my mother said, "Your cousin still had the old spare key from when she watched your place last year." So, not only had they broken into my home, they'd planned it, coordinated it, pulled in other family members without my knowledge, I felt something close to my chest, then something close to nausea. I told them they had committed a crime. Actual theft, trespassing, selling property that didn't belong to them. My father sighed like I was being dramatic. Don't do this, he said. We're trying to help you. Threatening us just proves our point. That was the moment I realized logic was useless. They didn't see themselves as thieves. They saw themselves as guardians. And in their version of the story, I wasn't the victim. I was the danger. Then my mother dropped the next bomb. We've already spoken to a counselor. She said she agrees you should be evaluated. I asked her if this counselor had ever met me. She admitted she hadn't. Didn't matter. Apparently describing my wine seller was enough to diagnose addiction. They told me they were holding the money from the sale for safekeeping. When I asked how much they got, they dodged. When I asked where it was deposited, they said it was being managed. Managed like it wasn't mine. I demanded it back. All of it. Immediately, my father said no. He said they would release the money after I agreed to enter a treatment program. Not even impatient necessarily, he framed it like a compromise, but something official, something they could point to and say, "See, we were right." That's when it clicked. This wasn't about concern. This was about control. They couldn't stand that I'd built a life that didn't require their approval. The wine was just the excuse. Over the next few days, things spiraled fast. Word spread through the family like gossip dipped in righteousness. My phone lit up constantly. texts, calls, voicemails that swung wildly between fake concern and open accusation. My aunt asked if I'd been drinking in the mornings. My cousin suggested I apologize for scaring everyone. My brother told me to just do the program so mom can calm down. Not one of them asked if I was okay. Not one asked for my side of the story. They'd already chosen the version that made them feel virtuous. I tried to defend myself. I sent messages explaining what collecting was. I sent screenshots, evaluations. I even sent photos of tasting notes, receipts, auction listings. The responses were chillingly uniform. That's exactly how addicts justify it. Anything I said became evidence against me. The worst part, I started questioning myself. Not my drinking, but my sanity. When enough people repeat the same accusation, it seeps under your skin. I replayed memories, wondering if I'd missed something, if I'd laughed too loudly at a family dinner, if I'd poured one glass too many at a holiday. And then I remembered something crucial. My parents had always needed me to be the problem. When my brother failed out of college, they said I was intimidating. When my cousin racked up debt, they said my success made her feel small. Whenever anything went wrong, someone like me had to be blamed. This was just the newest version. A week after the theft, my mother showed up at my door unannounced. I didn't let her in. She stood on the porch crying, telling me she was scared she'd lose me. When I asked her to return the money, her face hardened instantly. "We're not enabling you," she said. "Enabling?" The word echoed like a slap. That night, I finally did something I should have done earlier. I called a lawyer. As I explained everything, keys, the sale, the conditions, the withheld money, I expected skepticism. Instead, the lawyer stopped me mids sentence and said they had no right to do any of this. Hearing that from a neutral stranger felt like oxygen. He explained my options calmly. Police report, civil claim, demand letter. He warned me it would likely destroy whatever relationship I had with my parents. I laughed softly, bitterly. They already did. I said, "What scared me wasn't the legal process. It was the realization that my parents truly believed they were justified. That if I didn't push back now, this wouldn't be the last time they decided to fix me because people who steal from you to save you. They never stop at one intervention." The lawyer sent the demand letter 2 days later. It was short, clinical, brutal in the way only legal language can be. It outlined the facts, cited theft and unlawful entry, demanded the immediate return of all funds from the sale of my property, and warned that failure to complain would result in both civil action and a police report. I didn't tell my parents it was coming. I didn't owe them that courtesy anymore. They received it on a Friday morning. I know because my phone started blowing up before noon. My mother left seven voicemails in under an hour. The first was tearful. The second was confused. By the fourth, the tears had dried up and something sharp had replaced them. By the seventh, she was furious. "How could you do this to us?" she demanded. "After everything we've done for you, my father didn't call." He sent a single text. "This is a mistake. You're embarrassing the family." That line told me exactly where his priorities were. Not legality, not boundaries, not the fact that they'd broken into my home and sold thousands, no, tens of thousands of dollars worth of my property. What mattered was that I'd stopped playing my assigned role. Within hours, the family narrative shifted hard. Suddenly, I wasn't just an alcoholic. I was unstable, ungrateful. My aunt posted a vague Facebook status about when helping someone turns into betrayal. My cousin messaged me to say I was weaponizing the law against my own parents. My brother called and asked if I'd lost my mind. That one hurt the most. I asked him quietly if he thought it was okay that they broke into my house. There was a long pause. Well, no, he said, but you didn't have to escalate it like this. Escalate? They stole from me. I protected myself. And somehow I was the one who went too far. The next day, my parents' pastor called. I hadn't spoken to him in years. He left a message about forgiveness, about grace, about how families sometimes make hard choices out of love. I deleted it without responding. The idea that they'd pulled religious authority into this made my stomach turn. Then came the real threat. My mother texted me late that night. If you keep pushing this, we'll tell the authorities you're a danger to yourself. I stared at my phone for a long time. That wasn't concern. That was coercion. I forwarded the message to my lawyer. He responded immediately. Do not engage. Save everything. The following week was a blur of tension and silence. My parents went quiet, which somehow felt worse. No calls, no texts, no passive aggressive updates through relatives. Just nothing. I imagined them scrambling, trying to figure out how to regain control without exposing themselves further. Then the money hit my account. Not all of it, but most of it. No apology, no explanation, just a lumpsum transfer labeled return of funds. The missing amount, several thousand, was conspicuously absent. My lawyer wasn't surprised. He said it was likely claimed as expenses, storage, transport fees, as if their crime came with a service charge. Legally, I could have pushed harder, taken it to court, dragged it out, exposed everything. Part of me wanted to, but another part of me was exhausted. I had my proof. I had my money and I had something far more important than revenge clarity. I told my lawyer to close the case unless they interfered again. That decision didn't bring peace. It brought fallout. My parents told the family they'd returned the money to keep the situation from getting uglier. Not because they were wrong, because I was unreasonable. According to them, I'd chosen money over family. I'd threatened them. I'd humiliated them. I'd refused help. And the family believed them. Invitations stopped coming. Group chats went quiet when I joined. At a birthday party I did attend. Conversations stalled when I entered the room, then resumed in hush tones once I left. I wasn't confronted anymore. I was avoided, treated like a liability. The label stuck. Even months later, people still asked if I was doing better, if I was back on track, if I'd cut back. No amount of truth could undo the story they preferred. What broke me wasn't the isolation. It was the realization that none of this had actually been about wine. If it hadn't been bottles, it would have been something else. My job, my lifestyle, my independence. The moment I stopped needing my parents approval, they'd found a way to frame that as pathology. Because control, disguised as concern is still control. I sold the house a few months later. Not because I had to, but because I wanted distance, physical, emotional, symbolic. I rebuilt a smaller collection quietly, selectively, without sharing it with anyone who thought ownership equaled addiction. I don't talk to my parents anymore. Not because I'm angry, though some days I still am, but because trust, once broken that deeply, doesn't regenerate. They still tell people they tried to save me. And maybe that's what hurts the most. That in their version of the story, they're heroes. And I'm the cautionary tale. But here's the truth I've learned the hard way. Anyone willing to steal your autonomy to protect, you will always believe they're right. And the moment you stop letting them, they'll call you the problem loudly so no one notices what they did. The silence that followed was louder than any argument we'd ever had. No more fantic calls, no more fake concern, no more ultimatums dressed up as love. Just a clean, empty absence where my parents used to be. And for the first time in my life, I could think without their voices echoing in my head. At first, I told myself the distance was temporary, that eventually someone would cool down, admit things went too far, and reach out like an adult. Weeks passed. Then months, the apologies never came. What did come were secondhand messages filtered through relatives who still believed they were being neutral. They miss you. You know, they're hurt. You shut them out. They did what they thought was best. That last one always made my jaw tighten. Doing what you think is best doesn't excuse stripping someone of their agency. It doesn't excuse breaking into their home. And it certainly doesn't excuse trying to force them into a medical gram to prove a point. I stopped responding to those messages, not out of spite, but out of self-preservation. What surprised me was how much lighter I felt once I stopped trying to explain myself. I didn't need to convince anyone I wasn't an alcoholic. I didn't need to defend my hobbies, my finances, or my adulthood. The people who mattered had already figured it out on their own. A few friends admitted something that stuck with me. They said they'd noticed my parents behavior long before I had. The subtle monitoring, the guilt, laced advice, the way every success came with strings attached. One friend put it perfectly. They don't see you as a person. They see you as an extension. That realization hurt, but it also clarified everything. Over time, I rebuilt my life on my own terms. I found new routines, new interests. I started hosting small dinners for people who didn't flinch at a wine rack or count glasses. I kept my collection modest, intentional, and private. Not because I was ashamed, but because I'd learned that some parts of my life deserve protection. Therapy helped, too. Not because I needed rehab, but because I needed to unlearn the idea that love comes with surveillance. My therapist didn't once focus on alcohol. She focused on boundaries, on inshment, on how easily concern can become control when people are afraid of losing relevance. The hardest part wasn't losing my parents. It was accepting that they might never change. That they may go to their graves believing they were right. That I was sick, stubborn, or saved from something worse by their actions. letting go of the hope that they'd one day understand was its own kind of grief. But grief, I learned, doesn't mean regret. I don't regret standing up for myself. I don't regret involving a lawyer. I don't regret choosing peace over proximity. What I regret is how long it took me to believe that my adulthood didn't need their permission. Every so often, I hear updates. My mother still tells people she worries about me. my father's still story as a wake up call that I refuse to hear and maybe that's the version they need to live with themselves. I'm fine with mine because my version includes a quiet house, locked doors, and the knowledge that no one has the right to decide who I am without my consent. It includes a life where hobbies are joy, not evidence, and where love isn't conditional on compliance. If there's one thing I tell anyone reading this, it's this. If someone needs to take something from you to help you, they're not helping. They're asserting ownership. And the moment you assert yourself back, they'll call you ungrateful and stable, broken. Let them. Because sometimes the healthiest thing you can do isn't proving you're okay. It's walking away from the people who need you to be unwell to justify their control.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vickibeane2810 [2 likes]: They wanted money their thieves
  2. @vickibeane2810 [2 likes]: You so dumb report the robbery to the police it’s theft bring charges against them
  3. @mariannagallas7543: People like these parents do change. They get worse.

- Questions & Answers - Episode 2 - Wine Storage - Temperatures - How Long Does Wine Last: Kind: captions Language: en hi there my name is Terry laprad I'm the wine advisor with Hope Family wines and I'll be answering some of your wine questions today so first question for the day is what temperature should I store my red and white wines I want to dive into Cellar temperature versus serving temperature right so for me I prefer a slight Chill on my red so we're going to get into that but when you're celery your Reds you're going to want to keep between a 58 and 62 degrees so that they can continue to develop as they age for your whites we're going to go a little bit more towards 48 to 52 degrees and then for your sparklings closer to 45 to 42 degrees now serving temperature for me for us at Hope Family wines we like to serve our Reds a little chilled and so a little Chiller then seller temperature so what we do and good rule of thumb and what I do at home is take my Reds from my cellar temperature from wherever I'm storing my wine and we'll get into that too and I'll put it in the regular refrigerator for about 20 minutes before then I pull it out and pull the cork opposite for your whites though if your serve if you're storing your whites in the regular refrigerator you're going to want to pull them out about 20 minutes before you before you pull their cork so that it can just warm up a little bit and really show you itself our next question is why do I tend to like my red served a little chilled well here's why here's why we like it when your wine is a little bit chilled your red wine especially then you allow for the wine to warm up in your mouth so on the palate you can tangibly feel the wine develop as it's warming up so you get the full expression of what the wine is having to offer right there in your mouth and so we really enjoy doing that here in our tasting Cellar that's the way that we like to serve them here and the way that Austin prefers his Reds as well so we're all about that I love it too we get a question a lot so this is going to be our third question how should I store my wines so we talked about the temperature your Cellar temperature but how should I be storing them on their sides we'll start there you definitely want to store your bottles laying down the most important thing the reason why we do that is so that the wine is always in contact with the cork so you've got a porous cork right so if the wine isn't in contact with the Cork and keeping it moist then it dries out and those pores open up and then oxygen gets in and it will spoil your wine so we want to make sure that we keep the cork nice and tight those pores nice and tight so we're not allowing too much oxygen in there's always a little bit of oxygen that gets in but that's what allows for the wine to develop so make sure that they're stored on their side and then every six months or so you're going to want to rotate your bottles as well uh that's always just kind of fun you know when you're doing your inventory just make sure you just turn them a little bit another question is how long can I age my wine so how long can I store my wines and I tell people this all the time who knows because first thing it's up to you how do you really like to drink your wine I mean one of the most common questions that we get in our tasting Cellar is how long can I lay this down right and Austin's response which has always stuck with me is is another question to them well how do you like to drink your wine a lot of us new world wine drinkers we like that big juicy fruit forward big structure almost punching your face kind of you know big wines so drink them young you know a lot of people love the idea of celery wine but they don't actually like the the flavor of aged ones so it's really up to you and every wine maker makes their wines with a different intention as well so sometimes the winemaker is making a wine to be consumed when they bottle it and it's ready to go and let's drink it now and you know maybe a year later you're going to want to make sure that it's already consumed a lot of wines are able to be you know aged for to you know 10 years and then there's some wines where the intention is okay in 30 years from now this wine is going to be a beast right so I always encourage people call the winery you know if you if you receive a wine um and you're like oh I really feel like I should be able to age this wine talk to someone that works there that knows what they're talking about and see what they suggest and typically there's going to be a sweet spot you know over a lot of our wines four to seven years seven to twelve years on some of the estate wines is a nice sweet spot our last question today is how long can I keep a bottle after I've opened it so really your red wines and your white wines are different now some people will sip on their white wines after they open them they'll just re-cork them put them in the refrigerator and for a week you know they're pulling a little bit out every day for me white wines day of right I feel like once they lose their acid they kind of fall flat in the fridge and for me I like that kind of vibrancy but some people like I said love it you know a week later Reds however day two sometimes better than the first day even into day three your big structured wines we've got the petite sarala grind right in front of me this wine day three easy beautiful now if you want to extend that I recommend that you get one of these really easy to find really easy to use put this right here in the top this is kind of just snaps right on and just remove the air so you're just going to pump the air out of the bottle and it will extend the life of your wine because the oxygen is now sucked out and it's not exposing the wine to the air and then going bad falling flat all kinds of yuckiness that happens there so we like to keep it fresh it will then last I'd say you know four to five days maybe extend it like an extra day or a day and a half so I hope you've learned something and that we've expanded your understanding of wine just a little bit if you have uh more in-depth questions on this please feel free to leave them in the comments below and we'll answer them in the future in future episodes also make sure you're subscribed and you have your notifications on so you don't miss any of our upcoming episodes and until then we'll see you next time cheers foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @murrayhiggins7907: What would you suggest for how long to lay down 2019 reserve cabernet sauvignon?
  2. @Wreckingcrew909: Thank you for sharing this

- The 6 Key Elements of Successful Wine Storage: Kind: captions Language: en what do you do with all that wine a number of you have let me know that you're buying and drinking more wine more frequently and have found that you're stashing it in different places throughout the entire house a small wine rack in the kitchen several bottles in the pantry maybe a small rack in the family room a bottle of 200 the couch and my favorite is even a bottle or two under your bed for quick and easy access you've got your wine everywhere and are coming to the realization that it's time to get organized and get it all in one spot the first step in getting organized is selecting a wine storage area that's what we're going to look at in this video we're going to look at the six elements of wine storage the things you need to consider when planning to store your wine folks at if any time you like what you hear click like or click Subscribe or hit the little bell so that you'll be notified when there's a new post ok the six elements of wine storage our location odors temperature humidity darkness and vibrations putting the other your wine storage or wine cellar can get pretty involved so if you're not handy you'll need to connect with a professional who can help you negotiate this minefield I addressed this in more detail in my video building a wine cellar you ought to really check that video out regardless whether you're dealing with a dozen or two bottles or 2,400 bottles you have to find or create a space for your wine this leads us to this six elements of wine storage there's a saying in real estate the three most important factors in buying real estate are location location and location the same thing holds true in selecting a wine storage area location is key that's our first element location the other five elements are built around this one when choosing the location to store your wine focus on a windowless area a climate-controlled air in your basement attic an area in your garage an interior closet for extra room anywhere that's climate-controlled can be a good choice the second thing is odors if you're storing your wine for any extended period of time be wary of any location in your home that are close to pungent aromas typically what happens is air will make its way back into the wine through the cork the molecules that make up the odor can and will get into your wine over a period of time certain odors are fairly benign but odors to look out for include solvents like fresh paint cleaning solution chemical compounds gasoline or even aromatic food products like onion and garlic the better the area is ventilated around your wine space the fewer odors will linger thus the better your wine will be now I'm not talking about having a fan blowing in the area I'm talking about just a general circulation of air so to name just a couple of places you don't want your wine stores to be would include next to the aromas of your kitchen fumes in your garage or workshop or your laundry area or laundry room the third element is temperature this isn't an exact science generally speaking you want to maintain a temperature of between 45 and 65 degrees Fahrenheit around 59 to 60 degrees is great 60 to 64 degrees is good as long as you're opening your wine within a few years of the release date any longer and you want the temperature to be lower around 55 to 58 degrees the most important thing when it comes to temperature is consistency is king now don't sweat minor deviations like several degrees you just don't want big and frequent temperature swings in your storage area now if you have a basement your basement is a good spot for your wine the natural temperature in a dugout in-ground basement ranges from 56 to 64 degrees and it remains pretty constant throughout the year also the closer to the wall your wine is stored the more consistent the temperature will be in a location in the corner of the basement is the most consistent it may be obvious to some people but it still needs to be said don't put your wine storage next to the furnace how are you doing there is this information making sense if it is just right Asti in the comments below the fourth element on the list is humidity unless you live in a desert this isn't that big a deal you're looking for a humidity level anywhere between 50 and 80% a controlled environment is ideal 60 percent is a really good humidity level to dry 45 to 50 percent humidity is good to minimise mold in the house but this level could dry out the cork and affect the taste of your wine so if you're storing your wine in a dry climate without any way of controlling humidity keep a small pan of water in your storage area at the other end of the spectrum to moist or damp can promote mold with a proper seal on the bottle Moisture won't hurt the wine but it could possibly damage the label the fifth thing is darkness do not store your wine close to a window sunlight can actually be a problem it can raise the temperature in the room and spoil the wine also the ultraviolet rays can have a negative effect on the tastier wine in addition to that it can fade your labels and when you're not with your wine turn off the lights the sixth element is vibrations keep your wine out of the main traffic flow or activity of the house you want to keep it away from under the stairway kitchen appliances washer and dryer TV entertainment centers and kids play areas now most of us are not laying down our wines long enough for vibrations to make that big at the difference we're drinking our wine within two to four years of the vintage date so unless you live above a train station or are hosting rock concerts on a regular basis vibrations are unlikely to be a problem for you short-term storage but still it's a good idea to keep it away from the main flow of traffic well now that you know the six elements you can go scope out an area in your house that meets the criteria and go with it but you know don't sweat it if you don't have a place that meets all these criteria do the best you can you may need to invest in creating that space or invest in a refrigeration unit remember if you don't have a basement then perhaps is a little used closet or other vacant storage that could be repurposed or depending on how into why you're getting you can always ship one of the kids off to a neighbor's house and you can convert their room I'm just saying well there you have it the six elements of a wine storage area remember my other video may prove to be helpful building a wine cellar or wine storage area if you enjoyed this video and it was helpful to you let me know in the comments below make sure you subscribe for new videos that come out every single week and give it a like if you liked it if there's someone you know that's interested in wine make sure you share this video with them I really would appreciate it and ring the bell to be notified when I post other videos folks I'm here to help and serve you as we learn more about wine together I look forward to you joining me on Facebook nasty wine consultants Instagram at Asti wine consultants if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and if you're looking for some wonderful wines check out my website WWE wines calm you

  Top Comments:
  1. @YesToTech [2 likes]: Loved learning about wine storage! Insanely useful and helpful! Thanks so much for sharing!
  2. @rigstartraining [1 likes]: Hay,If you have to store your wine under your bed for easy access then I would think you must have a drinking / alcohol problem.... LOLOL
  3. @ElizabethSampson [1 likes]: This was extremely helpful. Currently, I have my wine in the wine cooler. I never thought about vibration.
  4. @EpicRealEstate [1 likes]: I love my glass of wine! Cheers!
  5. @RemainForeverHealthy [1 likes]: Good information for wine storage. Very helpful
  6. @ortallevitan1 [1 likes]: You explained this so well and your tips were excellent! you really broke it down in a way that made sense. Thank you
  7. @ThinkYourHealth [1 likes]: Asti! I get location and the other factors. Was not aware of vibrations
  8. @myrahouse2368: I fancied a wine cellery thing under the stairs ….
  9. @VladimirShlyonskii: Thank you!
  10. @stanleygrover1685: Your making since! Its the South ,East. corner.
  11. @kevinblessing4257: Forgive the juvenile foolishness, but I was like number 69.
  12. @angelaspielbusch1237: Asti very helpful! Thank you so much 😊
  13. @user-jf2mc7vd8f: Enjoy your channel !
  14. @UnitedWarGamers: Great info, im just starting out and keeping my wine in the refrigerator.  I saw in one of your other videos about  storing your wine on its side.  Should I be doing that in my refrigerator if I don't plan on drinking for awhile?
  15. @tempecreekwine: New to your channel. Your videos are recommended by my videos. I just wanted to check you out. Great videos.
  16. @AstiWines: Thanks!!
Glad it can be of help!!
Cheers!!
Pierre

- Why Is Humidity Important for Wine Storage and Aging? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Why is humidity important for wine storage and aging? Imagine you have a bottle of fine wine and you want to ensure it ages beautifully. One key factor in achieving that is humidity. Humidity plays a vital role in preserving wine quality during storage and aging. It primarily helps maintain the integrity of the cork, which acts as the wine's seal against air exposure. Optimal humidity levels for wine storage are generally between 60% and 70%. This range keeps corks moist and flexible. When corks dry out, they lose their elasticity and can shrink. This creates tiny gaps that allow air to enter the bottle. When air gets in, oxidation occurs, which can spoil the wine's flavor. It can lead to premature aging and undesirable tastes like bitterness or acidity. On the other hand, if humidity levels rise above 75%, corks can become overly saturated and weak. This makes them prone to breaking apart when you try to open the bottle. High humidity can also encourage mold growth on corks and labels. While mold rarely affects the wine directly, it can damage the bottle's appearance and reduce its value, especially for collectors. Mold and mildew can create unhealthy storage conditions and cause labels to peel or smudge, complicating identification and diminishing aesthetic appeal. Humidity also influences evaporation rates inside wine storage environments. Proper humidity levels minimize evaporation through the cork. This helps preserve the wine's balance of flavors and alcohol content over time. If humidity is too low, evaporation increases, concentrating the wine unevenly, and altering its intended profile. Maintaining the right humidity is essential for protecting the wine's chemical composition and preserving the bottle's physical condition. Many wine storage solutions include humidifiers and monitoring systems to keep humidity within the ideal range. This ensures that wine ages gracefully and retains its character and value. In summary, humidity is important for wine storage and aging because it keeps corks moist and elastic, prevents oxidation by limiting air ingress, controls evaporation to maintain wine balance, discourages mold growth that can damage corks and labels, and protects the bottle's appearance and resale value. Proper humidity management along with temperature control creates an environment where wine can develop its flavors as intended over time. [Music]

- Wine storage causes problems: Kind: captions Language: en so it's april the 26th and it's the day after easter monday easter bank holiday monday and i've just had some some relieving news um because basically on friday i went over to the winery to taste the wine that's been sitting in the tank since early march when we were originally going to be bottling the wine and what's happened is the wine has been kept in a tank with uh with what's known as a chapel flyton which is a floating hat it's a movable top to the tank and in theory it should be fine but the reality is that it can let some air in and when i tasted the wine on friday it was clear that a bit of white a bit of air has got into the wine and it had lost some of its primary aromas some of its freshness and god i i i just over the weekend i thought oh my god what are we going to do about this um what i also did on friday was taste uh some wine from the the other half of the wine in in which is still in a tank in the winery which is in in great condition but i had to persuade the the uh the boss of the bottling plant uh to to use that wine somewhere else the not so fresh wine and to allow me to take in a new batch of wine and i i thought that he wouldn't do it because it's basically my fault that my dry goods supply my capsule supplier hadn't provided the right the right product uh it wasn't his fault so he didn't have to do it but he did it today he phoned me up to say yes stephen you know especially start off with the right wine and the fact that the wine in the bottling plant had deteriorated uh he agreed with me and he thought we should take the fresher wine so complete relief and um it's good news all around because well good news for everybody because it means mirabeau is going to be as it should be fresh as a daisy so he's going to bring it across uh from the from the winery in porsche to brinyo which is where we're going to be bottling the wine just before the actual bottling and it should be just perfect oh we'll leave

  Top Comments:
  1. @jameskinglake: My goodness me, it's a lot tougher than I thought it would be I have to say. And as you rightly say, and I originally wanted to buy a vineyard...!
  2. @jameskinglake: And you wanted to buy a winery! Guess you enjoying the ride.........

- WINE CELLAR TOUR: 4,500-Bottle Wine Collection!: Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm in Waco Texas. I'm at the house of&nbsp; one of my good friends Cody. He's better known&nbsp;&nbsp; on Instagram as Winelineup and we're going to be&nbsp; doing a 1998 Bordeaux tasting. But my friend Cody&nbsp;&nbsp; also has one of the very best home wine cellars&nbsp; that I've ever seen and he's graciously agreed&nbsp;&nbsp; to let us do a wine cellar tour and to tell us&nbsp; all about his wine cellar. He recently completed&nbsp;&nbsp; this cellar maybe about a year ago and he learned&nbsp; a lot along the way and he's going to share some&nbsp;&nbsp; of his insights with you in this video. Cody you&nbsp; previously stored your wine offsite - what made&nbsp;&nbsp; you decide to build an in-home cellar? The house&nbsp; we were in previously wasn't really suitable for&nbsp;&nbsp; a cellar - didn't have room - so you know&nbsp; like most people I had the standing Euro&nbsp;&nbsp; caves and that kind of deal for a few bottles&nbsp; at the house, but did have off-site storage in&nbsp;&nbsp; Dallas. And honestly the big thing was being from&nbsp; Waco just the drive up there being able to access&nbsp;&nbsp; my inventory was difficult. This is the first&nbsp; house we've built so it's always been a lifelong&nbsp;&nbsp; dream of mine to have a nice cellar where I can&nbsp; showcase my collection and I think it turned out&nbsp;&nbsp; really well. So really happy to have it here and&nbsp; excited to show it to you! It is certainly very&nbsp;&nbsp; impressive and definitely one of the best home&nbsp; cellars that I've ever seen. Could you give us&nbsp;&nbsp; some basic information about it in terms of the&nbsp; square footage and how many bottles it will hold?&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you very much, John, I sincerely appreciate&nbsp; that. So the wine room is actually in an L-shape&nbsp;&nbsp; as you'll see. It's iabout 265 Square feet.&nbsp; Maximum capacity is 6,000 bottles. I do have&nbsp;&nbsp; some additional large owc's on top and stuff so&nbsp; it it does hold more than that. Currently I think&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm at a little over 4500 so I still have some&nbsp; room to grow and am looking forward to filling&nbsp;&nbsp; it with better and better wine as time goes on.&nbsp; Could you tell us a little bit about how your&nbsp;&nbsp; cellar is organized - do you have it broken&nbsp; down by region or by red and white or what&nbsp;&nbsp; did you think was the best system for you? As you&nbsp; walk in on the left, I've kind of used - that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the double deep rack in my cellar that holds the&nbsp; most bottles and so I wanted to dedicate it to,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, to the region that that was most&nbsp; representative in my cellar and so that's Pinot&nbsp;&nbsp; Noir. So kind of started as as you walk along with&nbsp; the domestic Pinots from Oregon and California and&nbsp;&nbsp; then move on to Burgundy, and then against the&nbsp; back wall by the waterfall we have Champagne&nbsp;&nbsp; racks there. As you turn the corner there's a&nbsp; wall dedicated to Napa Cabernet. Then moving on&nbsp;&nbsp; down is is a white wine wall with some lower space&nbsp; for OWC storage and bulk storage for, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of the daily drinker Sauvignon Blancs and&nbsp; Chardonnay. Then then another wall for Champagne&nbsp;&nbsp; and and the bottom half of it is actually done for&nbsp; splits -for 375s - which I'm glad I decided to do&nbsp;&nbsp; it's it's been nice. They are always so difficult&nbsp; to store and fall through the wood racks so having&nbsp;&nbsp; dedicated storage for that was was definitely&nbsp; something that I'm glad we implemented. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; the last largest wall is dedicated to my love of&nbsp; of French reds and primarily Bordeaux, and some&nbsp;&nbsp; Northern Rhone down at the end with a few Italians&nbsp; sprinkled in. What are some of your favorite or&nbsp;&nbsp; most-prized collectible wines that are in your&nbsp; collection? Like some of my favorites - various&nbsp;&nbsp; bottles of DRC and Leroy is always great. A&nbsp; Magnum of 1982 La Mission Haut Brion. One of&nbsp;&nbsp; my most prized bottles is the 1961 Chateau Latour,&nbsp; which a lot of people consider one of the greatest&nbsp;&nbsp; Bordeaux ever made - so that's that's one I've&nbsp; been looking forward to drinking for quite some&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Besides that I do have a few special birth&nbsp; year bottles for my children. My daughter was born&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2010 so she has a three-pack of Screaming&nbsp; Eagle. And my son was born in 2013 so he has&nbsp;&nbsp; a bottle of Petrus waiting for him, so looking&nbsp; forward to sharing that with him. Other than that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, some fun things - 3-Liter of 2005&nbsp; Chateau Latour, some Magnums of MacDonald,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a super cult producer - probably my&nbsp; favorite domestic Cabernet Sauvignon. You just&nbsp;&nbsp; don't see many Magnums of it. Primarily French,&nbsp; but we still love Napa here. I know there's also&nbsp;&nbsp; a special bottle that you and I went in on a&nbsp; couple years ago that's still in your cellar.&nbsp;&nbsp; You want to uh tell people about that bottle and&nbsp; when we're looking forward to drinking it? That's&nbsp;&nbsp; right. That's also a very special bottle that&nbsp; I have. Yeah I guess you and I purchased that&nbsp;&nbsp; a couple of years ago it's one of my favorite&nbsp; producers - a 1985 Guigal La Mouline. You and&nbsp;&nbsp; I have shared many bottle of La La together and&nbsp; and we've tasted three of the best vintages - 88,&nbsp;&nbsp; 89, and 90. This is certainly a legendary vintage&nbsp; for Guigal and one that I've never had before.&nbsp;&nbsp; As far as when we're going to drink it, geez&nbsp; John, it could be tonight - you never know,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's going to be soon! I'm looking&nbsp; forward to sharing it with you! Do you use&nbsp;&nbsp; any cellar-management software? Like most people&nbsp; I use Cellar Tracker. They recently moved to a pay&nbsp;&nbsp; system and for larger cellars like mine it did&nbsp; get quite expensive. So honestly I held off for&nbsp;&nbsp; a while. I did just upgrade to that and frankly&nbsp; I love it. They've done a wonderful job with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The new reports and charts that they've done are&nbsp; fantastic! I love being able to to look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; drinking windows see the community notes, and a&nbsp; big thing is being able to track the the value of&nbsp;&nbsp; my cellar. In case that I ever do want to insure&nbsp; the cellar, that's going to be incredibly handy or&nbsp;&nbsp; if I look to move some wine, you know, to auction&nbsp; or just helping me inventory it as it comes in.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's been a very helpful tool and they've done&nbsp; a wonderful job with it. Yeah certainly I use&nbsp;&nbsp; cellar tracker for my system as well and it works&nbsp; great and you're right I do have wine insurance&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine and that report that you can run with&nbsp; the value comes in extremely handy. It saves you&nbsp;&nbsp; a ton of time because you don't have to do any&nbsp; of that manually you can just pretty much push&nbsp;&nbsp; a button save to PDF and send it along and you're&nbsp; done. When you were planning to build your cellar,&nbsp;&nbsp; what were some of the key features that you wanted&nbsp; to include and what are some of the things that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're most happy with after the cellar has&nbsp; been built? So one of the things that was key&nbsp;&nbsp; to do was to do a redundant system - two cooling&nbsp; units. These things, especially in the Texas heat,&nbsp;&nbsp; have to get worked on so often and if something&nbsp; breaks down I didn't want to risk losing my&nbsp;&nbsp; investment. And so we did install two separate AC&nbsp; units in here and it's actually already come in&nbsp;&nbsp; handy. We've only been in the house a year&nbsp; and a half and I've already had to do some&nbsp;&nbsp; work on one so it saved me during a hot Texas&nbsp; Spring. So that was definitely a key feature.&nbsp;&nbsp; The other is I wanted to do space for large format&nbsp; storage, so Incorporated a nice waterfall into the&nbsp;&nbsp; cellar. In addition to that, I did some Champagne&nbsp; storage slots - oversized - that can double as&nbsp;&nbsp; Magnum storage as well. One of the things that I&nbsp; like the most about it is the flooring in there&nbsp;&nbsp; are actual Bordeaux barrels that we brought over&nbsp; and had installed so if you walk on it in bare&nbsp;&nbsp; feet you can actually feel the the ridges and the&nbsp; curvature from the floor, which I think is is a&nbsp;&nbsp; nice touch. On the stain, I wanted to do something&nbsp; a little bit different that you don't see often.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we went with kind of a nice grayish stain as&nbsp; opposed to your traditional, you know, unfinished&nbsp;&nbsp; or kind of red look. I think those are the key&nbsp; features that I had the most fun with and I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; really enjoying the cellar. And that was pretty&nbsp; smart what you did with the Champagne storage as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. I know that's one of the big problems that&nbsp; everyone has with with their Champagne bottles&nbsp;&nbsp; is trying to fit those into the slots and then&nbsp; even if you have a wine fridge and you can adjust&nbsp;&nbsp; the shelves you have very little storage left for&nbsp; everything else just because the Champagne bottles&nbsp;&nbsp; take so much space. I think that you, like me, you&nbsp; enjoy tasting and drinking old Champagne as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; so what are some of your favorite collectible&nbsp; vintages of Champagne and some of the producers&nbsp;&nbsp; that you enjoy the most? If you're interested in&nbsp; wine recommendations, wine collecting strategies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and learning more about wine please, do subscribe&nbsp; to my channel. I've been collecting wine for more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 15 years and also have a level four diploma&nbsp; from the WSET, so I have both formal certification&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as substantial practical knowledge&nbsp; from the School of Hard Knocks. That's right,&nbsp;&nbsp; we certainly both share a love for for aged&nbsp; Champagne. You know, my champagne journey has kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of changed. Like most people, I started off with&nbsp; Krug. Selosse is just an incredible grower that,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you can find it and stomach the price, is&nbsp; really impressive. But I've started moving away&nbsp;&nbsp; from that oxidative style a little bit more.&nbsp; Certainly Don Perignon is one that ages gracefully&nbsp;&nbsp; that I love. Cristal is obviously a house favorite&nbsp; and probably my wife's favorite Champagne.&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably my favorite Champagne would either be&nbsp; the Dom Perignon oenotheque - p3s or I do have a&nbsp;&nbsp; bottle of 1990 Krug Clos du Mesnil, which to this&nbsp; day remains the greatest champagne I've ever had.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I wish there was more Salon in my cellar.&nbsp; It might be my favorite, but unfortunately&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just gotten so expensive that it's hard to&nbsp; justify anymore. But on the rare occasion that I&nbsp;&nbsp; do get to have it - Salon is is way up there for&nbsp; me personally. And on a daily basis, the Ruinart&nbsp;&nbsp; Blanc de Blancs has really been a house favorite&nbsp; of ours. Certainly on this channel we're big fans&nbsp;&nbsp; of cellar defenders as well. Certainly you've&nbsp; talked about a lot of prized collectible wines,&nbsp;&nbsp; but do you have cellar defenders as well and what&nbsp; are some of the cellar defenders that you enjoy on&nbsp;&nbsp; a regular basis to help you from digging into some&nbsp; of the wines that you should be letting age for a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit longer in your cellar? That's a great&nbsp; question! Anyone with with a nice wine collection&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoys drinking the finer bottles but no one does&nbsp; that on a daily basis. We have really fallen in&nbsp;&nbsp; love with the wines from Oregon. We've been up&nbsp; there four times in the last five years, made&nbsp;&nbsp; some great friendships up there and discovered&nbsp; so many incredible wines. And the value there is&nbsp;&nbsp; just incredible. Big fans of of the Pinot Noir and&nbsp; Chardonnay coming out of the region. Some of our&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite producers up there um would be Kelley&nbsp; Fox, Evesham Wood. Nicholas Jay is fantastic.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bethel Heights is great, and Vincent is another&nbsp; producer that many people might not know about but&nbsp;&nbsp; is making some fantastic wines at an incredible&nbsp; value. And the Chardonnay there is is not to be&nbsp;&nbsp; slept. They're really doing some wonderful things&nbsp; there and some very Innovative people in Oregon&nbsp;&nbsp; like Seth Morgen Long. Morgen Long Wnes is just&nbsp; making an incredible style of Chardonnay. I've&nbsp;&nbsp; also gotten into younger Bordeaux. Actually&nbsp; it's funny to say but young Bordeaux nowadays&nbsp;&nbsp; is a relative value if you're not buying First &&nbsp; Second Growths, you're able to drink some Third,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fourth and Fifth Growths, you know, right now.&nbsp; Drinking a lot of 2015 Bordeaux and with ample&nbsp;&nbsp; air they're showing fantastic. So there's a lot of&nbsp; value to be had in Bordeaux if you stay away from&nbsp;&nbsp; the big names. I completely agree with you about&nbsp; Bordeaux. I regularly feature on this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; Bordeaux at the $30 to $50 or $60 price point and&nbsp; there's just some exceptional values and the wines&nbsp;&nbsp; in those price points in Bordeaux, many of them&nbsp; compare favorably to wines that are $100 or more&nbsp;&nbsp; in in other regions. So really a fantastic area&nbsp; for value. And I also agree about Oregon. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; certainly a place I visit regularly as well and&nbsp; the Chardonnay is definitely a favorite of mine.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even now that they're getting some warmer vintages&nbsp; some of the Syrah has actually come around too and&nbsp;&nbsp; I've enjoyed some of the Syrah, but certainly&nbsp; the Pinot Noir has been a go-to for many years&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Are there any features that you wish&nbsp; you included, but that you did not? You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a great question, John, and one that&nbsp; I think your subscribers can learn from. I&nbsp;&nbsp; really did want to put in a generator. Like&nbsp; I said, being here in Texas, we've had some&nbsp;&nbsp; some recent issues with power outages. I looked&nbsp; at it. I really wanted to. It was just frankly&nbsp;&nbsp; cost prohibitive. We looked at it for the entire&nbsp; house, including the cellar, and I wish I'd gone&nbsp;&nbsp; back and just done a small generator dedicated&nbsp; specifically to the cellar. For people who are&nbsp;&nbsp; considering building out their own wine cellar,&nbsp; do you have any advice for them? To build for&nbsp;&nbsp; the cellar that you want; not the cellar that&nbsp; you have. And what I mean is think about where&nbsp;&nbsp; your wine journey is going to take you -where&nbsp; your journey on collecting wine is going to take&nbsp;&nbsp; you. You never want to cut a cellar too short -&nbsp; you want to have space to move things around so,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, if you have a thousand bottles now think&nbsp; about what your cellar is going to look like in&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 or 15 years and give yourself room to grow.&nbsp; Do you have wine insurance for your collection&nbsp;&nbsp; and is that something that you would recommend?&nbsp; I actually am currently looking at insurance for&nbsp;&nbsp; my wine collection right now. I don't have it,&nbsp; but, you know, with with all the issues we've&nbsp;&nbsp; had with heat and electricity it's just it's made&nbsp; me nervous and so especially without a generator&nbsp;&nbsp; that is something that I'm certainly exploring&nbsp; right now and something that I fully expect to&nbsp;&nbsp; implement in the near future. If you're interested&nbsp; in learning more about wine collecting, please&nbsp;&nbsp; be sure to watch my wine collecting 101 video&nbsp; where I disclose 12 wine collecting strategies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomasmichael6509 [5 likes]: He’s got a great whiskey collection too!
  2. @HouseOfFeck [3 likes]: Awesome and highly inspirational 
You need a generator! All that value! You need a generator - I'm not one for insurance but seriously! How could you replace those bottles' value? Seriously
  3. @emmanuelblanc89 [3 likes]: Bon on voit bien que certains savent VIVRE 
super collection et super taste !
  4. @jakemoore1973 [3 likes]: Great interview and amazing job on the cellar. Love the design and color.
  5. @WineGlassSlipper [2 likes]: The flooring is such a brilliant idea! Amazing cellar!!! 😍
  6. @daphnetwu [2 likes]: I am looking to get wine and whiskey insurance for my collection.  I would lappreciate if you can share some of your experience
  7. @DeejayKStor [2 likes]: Very solid !! Thank you for the tips in Oregon !!
  8. @AA-nh6rh [1 likes]: Do a video of your cellar!!
  9. @allanwiener230 [1 likes]: Not only impressive collection, but beautiful on appearance. Clean and well organized. Curious to know individuals who have amassed such large collections how much they drink. As children leave the home, that generally would leave two people at home to consume unless entertaining regularly.
  10. @OPX-YMB [1 likes]: With off site storage, how do you know if someone is not swapping your rare wines with fakes??
  11. @anerioone [1 likes]: Heavens, you are in texas.. put in a self contained solar set up as a back up or primary.😊
  12. @mcrayfourd [1 likes]: what would a bottle of that LA LANDONNE go for on the open market ?
  13. @larrygallo8165 [1 likes]: Great video! You had great questions that resonated for all. As a fellow Texan, I can relate to the heat issue. The guy answering the questions was very easy to listen to and learn from. Thanks again!😊
  14. @westgarthwines [1 likes]: An evening with any one of the La Las is an evening well-spent!
  15. @Thesilverthunder777 [1 likes]: Need UV protection on the wine room lighting.
  16. @armandofajardo1583 [1 likes]: Great collection and beautiful cellar right here in Waco.
  17. @TheBoutiqueRE [1 likes]: I have been in that cellar! It’s 🔥 Cody is legit!
  18. @Level-42 [1 likes]: I really enjoyed that John, super impressive cellar and very well thought out. All the best 😎🍷
  19. @hxl6162 [1 likes]: Wow 😮😮😮😮😮
  20. @ronaldhonda2276 [1 likes]: I hope that Cody works on that Wine insurance as soon as possible.  What a fantastic wine collection and a wonderful personality.  I would also consider the generator. Excellent interview, Attorney Som. Keep up the good work.

P.S. I agree with you both. The young Bordeauxs are excellent value for money. I like the barrel floor touch. What a fantastic idea.
I drink a glass of 1990 Petrus to you both.

- WINE CELLAR TOUR - 1000+ Bottles of Wine Nerd NIRVANA!!!: Kind: captions Language: en and then this wine is nearest and dearest to my heart so my seller is actually an old bomb shelter which is perfect there's no light and it's humid in fact it floods sometimes so I have rubber boots right next to the entrance in case it's flooded sometimes there's about four or five Ines of water I'm going to show you what I got let's [Music] go I had to put a gate at the end it's because a cat and a dog would sometimes sneak in here since it's dark and cool and poop on the floor here it is even though it's not hot out it's super humid I'm already sweating I haven't done a count recently cuz I don't keep track but I think I have four to 500 bottles in here I think right now between my seller the samples and the studio everything that's line out there's about 1,200 to, 1500 bottles of wine here I get sent so many samples to be considered for review sometimes up to a thousand bottles a year so My workstation is just filled with wine all the time my studio is just got so much wine all over the place I know a lot of wine friends that work in the wine business and spouses complain people that collect wine it's kind of Addicting you never really drink more than you buy usually people are just buying buying buying and the seller grows I'm just getting more and more samples so the seller continues to grow and sometimes they get duplicates so I store them here or I give them away I also get sent lots of argon gas cartridges from Corin almost like I never drink wines from the seller often times if I do drink I drink samples that I've reviewed but then again I don't really drink that much at home because when you're tasting all day sometimes that's the last thing you want to do wine is awesome but at the end of the day it is work the Sellar floods often several times throughout the year in fact 6 months ago these wood legs rotted out and the Shelf fell down I lost about 12 bottles I went to the lumber yard got some treated wood and then bolted it into place if you go to a lot of sellers most wines are stored on their sides or maybe slightly up so the sediment falls to the bottom I read an article a few years AG go about how there's enough humidity between the top fill of the wine and the cork so that should be enough to keep the cork moist especially here the seller is super humid also if I store them upright I can put more bottles in it's easier to get to what I want but then again like I said I'm not pulling from the Celler that much so maybe it doesn't matter who knows the good thing about this shelf rotting and breaking is I had to take all the wines out and put them back in and I could organize them a little bit this section is Italy I would say that Italian wines probably represent present the biggest proportion of my seller followed by unique Eastern European countries I bring bottles back in my suitcase on trips or when I visit if they mean something special to me Italy was my first love when it came to fine wine so that's where it is let's let's let's take a look and see what I got here it's this is exciting for me too oh my first ever trip to a wine region and I guess it was the mark of me stepping into wine professionally I was a practicing chiropractor in in Southeast Asia I took a sabatical to travel around the world and that eventually became my wine writing and on youtubing Career my first stop in a wine region was pedmont because bolo barbaresco were some of the first Fine Wines I fell in love with this is a producer that's way under the radar the wines always kick some serious butt especially in blind tastings Adrian Marco vorio this is the bazarin barbaresco 2011 they also make a Reserva which is just killer in fact I did a tasting with my collector friends while ago about pedmont Reds and that was one of the best wines of the tasting barbaresco I generally prefer to bolo because you can get fantastic value for money you can still find some gem producers as nebiolo prices keep going up so this is worth checking out this was off the same trip I remember I went to bolo then barbaresco and shipped two cases back this is the Pasqual pisero barbaresco chabat Reserva 2010 great vintage run by a lady her father founded the winery and everything was dedicated to her papa she was super I thought it was excellent at that same time I was going to different communes what happens when you go to places in Italy the different communes in wine regions or different villages will sometimes have their own Inka their own wine shop and then when I went to sarala I believe that this was this is the Franco contano petran bolo 2009 good vintage not as great as 2010 contero is a big name in bolo but a different contero although a lot of them are all related I remember this was good value for money oh this is from monforte near s monforte and songa wines they're usually a little bit bigger so I'll probably keep this in the seller for a little bit longer I also have a different philosophy when it comes to Wine collecting when it comes to price when you get in the 25 to30 let's say $30 now with prices rising $3 to $50 you can drink some of the great wines of the world without breaking your bank if you fight hard you know what you're looking for you're either educated in wine or you know a shop owner that will point you in the right direction I know a lot of my friends that are in the wine business that have sellers especially from Europe because most of my wine writer friends are from Europe they'll have big sellers but they don't have ridiculously expensive wines I don't have really ridiculous expensive wines here I don't have first growths I do have some wines a little more expensive and near and dear to me and I'll show you some of them I know several years ago there was a video on Munchies about Steven Spurrier the late great Steven Spurrier who I was very fond of I've actually got a little tipsy with him a few times he's always been kind to me so when he passed hit me pretty hard but in that video he talks about when he bought the wines on release he wasn't buying them from an investment the most he spent was 50 lb which back then was probably about 80 bucks on release and which is a lot already but you don't need to spend a ton to get a great bottle of wine for a lot of wine collectors are buying 12 bottle cases and the rule of thumb is you'll probably drink three bottles too young if you're lucky six bottles at the right time and then three bottles past the peak I'm at the end of the millennial generation where we want a little bit more diversity I don't buy six to 12 bottle cases I think in the seller the most I have of a single wine is maybe three bottles for me there's an endless amount of diversity in wine that's when I want to drink from I don't need to be drinking the same wine over and over again although one could argue you have much different experiences with wine when you taste it through different stages of its Evolution wow I find some wines some of the wines that mean the most to me fre Venia Julia in Northern Italy is one of my favorite regions of the world big white wines fantastic Reds this is probably what's considered one of the most culty expensive producers meani made in tiny quantities makes like 15,000 20,000 bottles a year I know that Australia only gets one case I used to go see him every year he's like a farmer you can only go after 6 o'clock when the Sun starts to set he comes in on his tractor he loves whites Al though he makes great Reds I have the petan Rola giala 2015 these wines age their Barrel fermented white wines in fact his s yon is one of the greatest Sans I've ever tasted along with celx and pu fum also his charday Barack is like Grand crew burgundy unfortunately I don't have any bottles of that he also makes the greatest Mero that I've ever tasted better than petruse better than chevel Blanc which is actually the why most memorable uh Mero based wine I've like this is the miani Philip single Vineyard Mero 2013 I'm waiting to share this with somebody special these wines are hard to get your hands on they're rare and they become expensive when you get to the secondary third Market I I know that the fleet Mero is probably a $3 $400 bottle which is pretty insane I think the whites go for like $150 a bottle so see these are some of the more expensive wines I have in the seller let's take a little break from Italy because Italy's my big love we'll come back to it I show you my most prized bottle in the seller a little bit later I know a lot of people hear me talk about reing how it's my favorite wine grape in the world unfortunately I don't have a ton of reing in the seller because I tend to drink it all I have let's see I found a few this is one of my favorite producers in The Faults this is the Von vinning wrer fad recing this is a uraga a premier crew Von winning is really unique because all the reings are bar fermented is fantastic every single vintage I harp and tell people man you don't need to buy grossest Gak the best most expensive reings I think you bu uraga the premier crew or the or wine which is the Village Wine they offer tremendous value for money and when you're in Germany the reings are so cheap it's ridiculous I do have one grossest GX of the vitman kers Spiel West hoffen reing grossus give ax 2022 these are getting ridiculous like 150 bucks I needed some reings from vitman For an upcoming video and I only needed one but they sent me several so I'm going to put this away and and keep it for a few years vitman makes the most memorable dry resling I've ever had the morstein I remember back in 20 2019 I stayed in Germany for two months just because I wanted to learn about Reeling I was visiting about three producers a day they taught me so much about canopy management one of the more educational two months of my life in terms of wine so I'm going to hold on to that also wines I wish I had more of but I just drink too much as I love sweet cabinet reing this is the Arman reing cabinet this is from Von buou 2022 these are like adult lemonade they're so tart they're so fresh they're so delicious and in German they're like nothing like 12 to 15 bucks a bottle in us maybe 20 25 but I think they offer tremendous value for money it's literally a wine you can drink the entire day it's so delicious and refreshing it's the cool thing about wine Wine's got a little bit like a time capsule it's fun seeing what is back here because it Sparks up some memories I have here wine from Montenegro when I first did my Balan road trip I traveled through the Balkans for several months visiting all the producers I thought it was fantastic then I live there part of the year I have the book marcelin marcin's a cross between Cabernet 7on and granach remember going up in the mountains way up in the mountains in Montenegro finding the small producer and he opened some older bottles and I thought this wine was delicious it's not the greatest wine in the world but it's a very good wine that's the fun thing about collecting wine you don't have to collect all trophies collect fun stuff another thing where my wine career started uh Armenia and Georgia this is the Zora karasi probably the most notable wine coming out of Armenia this is made of the grape areni 2013 the 2009 I think their first vintage ever was I think on Bloomberg's top 10 wines of the year or something like that I can't remember if it was Bloomberg's or another publication I know they correct me on that I have this wine I just got last year this is the Alo Monastery ratat telli 2015 this is made by monks I got this while I was shooting video in Georgia last year I got pretty toasty at lunch with a bunch of monks getting blasted at lunch oh God and the Archbishop which was a pretty amazing experience and I brought this bottle back to share it with me I was going to share this with somebody special but uh uh not anymore I guess um I also have four wines here that mean a ton to me this is considered one of the greatest red wines coming out of Serbia and maybe all of EX Yugoslavia this is a producer called mataya This is the cran Ken cabern savan 2012 this wine won like tons of awards like best of show all over it's considered like one of the greatest Serbian wines ever made I have a vertical of the first three vintages he made of this 11 12 and 13 still making it in excellent vintages I think I saw this wine on Belgrade because it's so rare he doesn't even have any maybe should even sell I think this wine was like three or four $500 now on release it back then it was like 30 I think now it's like 60 bucks or something like that for the current release another wine here from that from the neighbor Croatia this is the boskin 2013 this is a also a Bordeaux blend the restaurant's awesome just got a Michelin starbs congratulations but the late great Anthony Bourdain did an episode about Coastal Croatia and he went to this Winery and he's sitting there drinking the wine eating the food and this I remember in one scene he looks over at his fixer the guy that was hosting me said which is saying something believe me wine is awesome right yeah is this is a cow this is the type of wine I want to drink for the rest of my life yeah me too going back to Serbia this is the Ivanovich number one half this is 50% procup Poots and the rest is K 7an and Mero procup Poots is one of my favorite grapes in the world I can did a bid blind tasting video on this I met this guy's considered like one of the Godfathers of Serbian wine modern Serbian wine and he died during covid which is quite sad his son's doing a good job but uh I'm I'm glad I still have this bottle I don't know when I'm going to open it up another one wine that hits near dear into my heart from Croatia you can see it's a little bit moldy to this is the coronica grand tan 2012 one of the best wines I think coming out of Croatia tan is the grape variety high acid high fruit reminds me of a kind of a cross between Barbara and sanesi and when it ages ages like great kianti Classico this is consistently one of my favorite Wines in Croatia and I'm glad I had the I have two bottles of this 12 so I'm happy about that let's move to some of the countries you know about I don't have tons of diversity in French wine I mostly have ran and Bordeaux I'd like to have more burgundy I just really can't afford it we're going to get to Bordeaux but if you want to hang out with myself and like-minded wine people I invite you to check out channel memberships every month I'll be doing a live hangout tasting members in the Grand Reserve the second tier will be able to come up on screen share their wines their thoughts with me and other fellow wine lovers I did the first one we had a blast I'm also launching a live video podcast series and members in that Grand Reserve tier will be able to come on screen and ask a question almost like calling into a live radio show check out the joint button next to the Subscribe button and I'll leave a link in the comments below I have three Bordeaux wines from the same ownership and they're wines I really like this is just killer value for money this chatau lilan Louis from s Stef 2018 rer approachable vintage and board dough this wine I've seen it as in France you can get for like1 15 in America it's anywhere from 20 to 30 bucks when it ages it tastes like out just outstanding Bordeaux like this is the Bordeaux I would buy cases of let's see it the the other two here I have by the same ownership I think they're ridiculous value money The Chateau lefon Roch from St EST neighboring and the Chateau de from Margo both 2018s I don't know what the retails are on these wines I think they come in anywhere 506 bucks but they offer ridiculous value for money I think DSN is a third growth or maybe yeah third growth I think Leon rochet is a fourth or a fifth growth I don't like you don't have to spend a lot in Bordeaux to get excellent wines but I do have uh let's see let's see I do have some nicer wines I have the I have a magnum I used to have three of these from cateau C Stell this is the pagota de cost 2015 also from Santa Stef Left Bank based on kernet 7on I actually won this in a wine writing contest I had a few bottles one I drank one I gave away as a gift and I still have one left and you can see that this is moldy a little bit because uh this was affected by the flood this fell down when the Sellar flooded but luckily the bottle didn't break thank goodness I don't like to age my bordeau for super super long I think 10 years that's when you kind of get the sweet spot that's when you have still the fresh fruit but get the tertiary flavors here is the chat di coat 2018 from gigal this is I love K Roe I love SAR again I just don't drink it enough I think these wines are really ridiculously expensive now like two 200 250 bucks and coat Ro's age so well so I'll hold on to that for a while and red wines often they don't age as well as you expect I've said this on the channel many times I'm actually moved more by aged white wines when it comes to dry wines most of the time sweet wines fortified wines almost always age well but I can't count the number of times we've opened an old age red and it was kind of disappointing let's see here I don't have American wines which I have plenty I don't actually sell a lot of Napa Cabernet I actually give away a lot of Napa Cabernet that I get cuz people want to taste it I think I have here I got a lot of pinoir and Chardonnay let's take a look here okay people know on the channel Santa Barbara County is my favorite region in America maybe one of my favorite regions in the world I have two of my favorite Chardonnay producers this is the liquid Farm white Hill chardet 2015 made more in of a sh style blend of several Vineyards these are excellent wines I prefer the golden slope it's a little bit bigger white Hill sometimes is way too lean in acidic upon upon release but man they age well one producer I think is just amazing as deerberg this is the drum Canyon Vineyard chardet 2019 O this is ready to drink probably these wines don't break the bank I think both these like 50 60 bucks I know it's expensive but not ridiculously expensive let's see a couple I got some pirs here but I think these wines these two mean a lot to me I have the a priority Cabernet 7on Reserve from Napa Valley 2014 back in 2018 I believe I was selected to be part of the professional wine riter Symposium in mealwood of Napa Valley so they give you a gift when you check in and this is one of the gifts this along with a marel Cabernet Franc I have somewhere I can't find it around that same time I think I went to Virginia to visit a friend I went to the wineries to visit and this is like the the cult Winery of Virginia this is the RDV Lost Mountain 2011 it's a Bordeaux blend back then I think it was it was expensive I think it was like 100 bucks but I think it's a lot more enough and I think catto monrose just bought them or some Bordeaux property just bought them I don't know when I'm going to open that but uh I'm excited to see how this taste maybe I'll open up with my collector friends I don't have a ton of champagne or bubbles because uh I drank them all too fast all right let's move on here let me just rearrange this oh let's see what oh I actually forgot I had some of these I have uh vut tment from sudy Southern Stan Austria this is the re gr nesburg San Blanc 2019 saleria is one of the great regions for San Blanc that a lot of people don't know about these wines age super well again as you see not super old stuff oh rumaging around I guess I do have an old wine and it's not even mine this is the birth year of my father my grandmother bought it for him on his birth year 1949 this is a Ken dry white bordeau look at the color on this bad boy not even mine it's my dad's it was he's still alive you can see they're not like a lot of trophy wines cuz it's not an investment for me these are wines I want to share I want to drink four of my most prized bottles here are sentimental reasons they're a little more expensive but uh but it's more for sentimental reasons first I have the San Leonardo 2016 this is a Bordeaux blend from Northern Italy made by the late great jaot Takis who also created sasaka San Leonardo is a throwback to kind of old school bordo Blends you see 133% alcohol lower in alcohol more Savory has about 20% Caron a in the blend the reason that I held on to this bottle is I went to visit them after I spoke at wine to Wine a few years ago in Verona in Italy and I went to visit uh gelmo because I've been a big fan of these wines we did a mini vertical tasting some of the wines were just spectacular but the 16 for young wines were killer I'm going to hold on to this I'm probably not going to drink this for another 3 four years but man this is just killer wine awesome wine I think you can find them anywhere from in the US 80 to 120 bucks I know it's expensive but that's killer wine another I love San v as you know it's my favorite red wine grape in the world world I just don't keep a lot of it cuz I drink a lot of it this is one of my favorite producers in all of Italy this is the BOS gelli Veno Noble the multiple chano not canti Classico n Brunello Costa Grande 2016 again like the sun Aro 2016's a great vintage in all of Europe in Italy especially anything you see 16 Reds and whites scoop it up because the wines are fabulous this is just I love boscarelli style because they're a little bit bigger a little riper but they're not trying to be Brunell they're not trying to be anything that they're not they're just they are what they are are and then my two two lnes that are most memorable to me including the one I I hold nearest and dearest to my heart one here is Borgo detillo this is lonco deaa 2015 this is 100% freano from a single Vineyard when I first went to Frei Venia Julie I remember visiting Borgo deia Nicola the wine maker owner sat down I remember one of my friends was like that guy looks legit fantastic Barrel fermented whites although he makes some good Reds too this is just killer wine I don't know when I'm going to drink this this is not cheap I don't know what the price retail is now back then when I bought it was like €50 50 bucks in the seller but that was a long time ago and then this wine is nearest and dearest to my heart in colio in F Venia Julia it's home to rakon grer two producers that are credited for bringing orange wines kind of back into the public eye this is the rakon rbola gala 2001 I remember when I visited stano rakan had just died just a year earlier that was the founder his son Sasha now took over and his wife we went through a tasting we bought several bottles of wine the wines are Stellar they're old school they're mated they're aged for a long time they're a little bit crazy for some people they don't use sulfur or stano didn't use sulfur I think Sasha is starting to use sulfur now but I think stano used sulfur until 2001 2002 I remember when I drank 2002 like this was like six years ago the hairs on my arm stood up up and I remember when I walked out after we bought a case Susanna ran out and gave us a gift this 2001 and I want to drink this but I don't really know who to drink it with so this is my most prized bottle in the seller so that's a little quick seller tour do you have a big collection of wines what are some of your most prized bottles I'd love to hear drop it in the comments below

  Top Comments:
  1. @drmatthewhorkey [4 likes]: I've launched Channel Memberships! Click the 'Join’ Button to see the perks. I'm most excited about a monthly Live Stream Hangout/Tasting for those who join the Grand Reserve tier! Thank you so much: https://www.youtube.com/@drmatthewhorkey/join
  2. @maximusdecimus4017 [2 likes]: Riesling is indeed a fantastic grape, if I was forced to pick only one white wine grape it would definitely be Riesling......and they age brilliantly
  3. @gregory49 [1 likes]: I love that collector philosophy, so many people are like "cases or nothing" but there's so much wine to try. It's hard to enjoy your favourites when you're always searching for your next favourite, the wine snob paradox.
  4. @chugiak [1 likes]: wow, cellar is like a memory stick of your wine journey, Verona, IT is a fantastic city.   Thanks for sharing.
  5. @stroopwafel6141 [1 likes]: Nice diverse collection Matthew! I assume you drink most wines young as a lot of bottles are upright. Not a surprise Italy plays a big role in your cellar. I share your love for Italian wines (and GSM). Perhaps I should investigate Eastern Europe a bit more. I have limited experience with wines from Croatia or Serbia. And yes, my Rieslings sadly never get (very) old too.
  6. @griffinlundberg3846: Please place them on their side!
  7. @ericnfl: I just started on Riesling, well not just started, but started to love it very much as of just now…what types would you recommend pairing with like spicy shrimp/lobster fra diavolo, etc. I think kabinet I know I’m spelling it wrong lol, but that style I had with shrimp fra diavolo, and I truly liked it a lot but a little on the sweet side but still loved it. So what would you recommend and also what other meals would you pair with Riesling and what styles with what meals?
  8. @yanchengho3446: Wow. Hope to visit your cellar😂
  9. @GasPowerdStick45: I am a adult who enjoys wine and taxes
  10. @alek385: Ex Yugoslavia, best wines are in Croatia.... So diverse, so delicious! Teran from Istria, Dingač from Dalmatia, Pošip.... Oh my god! list goes on and on! I understand that it is all matter of preference and taste, but Serbia cant even reach the knees to Croatia if we talk about wine qualities! Let's just mention Istrian Malvazija!!! One thing a person has to do before dying is get a glass of Istrian Malvazija and some Adriatic sea fish! Soul rested!
  11. @oliverrosenberg1178: why is the bottles not laying down?
  12. @daipau: That was fun!
  13. @DaGeit: Could not finish the video, got too jealous (beautiful collection).
  14. @jeanhauter7812: How can you keep your bottles like this. Standing up, upright....this is not the proper way because you are just destroying your wine when the wine is not in contact with the cork!
  15. @tonygallo1104: Dr MH.. I’ll drink that bottle of Ramakan? Sp.. Ribolla Gialla with you!
  16. @B.H90: With high humidity, is there no concern for the label getting damaged if store long term?
  17. @davidehorn2035: Thank you so much for showing us your cellar, wonderful stuff.
  18. @VladVexler: 💛💛💛💛💛 very very nice wishing your cellar much flourishment and further growth!
  19. @alekskoozynski8586: Loved it. Thank you! A lot!!
  20. @winefolly: The water boots! ahaha! That's awesome.

- Build the Perfect 6 Bottle Wine Collection | Beginner Friendly Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the Secret Wine Society podcast. I'm Robert >> and I'm Don. It's so good to be here. You know, Robert, I was thinking about a specific kind of panic. It's a Friday night. You've had a long week and suddenly you get a text. Hey, we're in the neighborhood. Can we pop by in 20 minutes? >> Of a spontaneous drop in. A classic. Let me guess, the panic sets in when you look at your wine rack, or lack thereof. >> Exactly. You have that half bottle of questionable white from 2 weeks ago and maybe a really heavy cabernet you were saving for a steak dinner that just doesn't feel right. You have nothing to offer your friends. >> It's a surprisingly common scenario and it's exactly what we're going to solve today. We're talking about how to build a simple, versatile six bottle home wine collection. >> Six bottles. That sounds so manageable. Not a seller, not a huge investment, just six bottles that have your back. >> It's the magic number, we think. It gives you flexibility and variety without being overwhelming. You're prepared for almost any occasion, from a weekn night pizza to a celebratory toast, >> right? And it also keeps costs in check. You're not buying dozens of bottles that might just sit there. You're curating a small, useful collection that you'll actually drink and enjoy. It encourages you to explore without breaking the bank. >> Precisely. So, let's break down the framework. What are these six essential bottles? The first two are what we call your everyday bottle. >> The workh horses of the collection. >> Exactly. One white and one red. For the white, you want something crisp, unoked, and versatile. A real crowd-pleaser. Think of a good quality Italian bino grijo, a French soven blanc or an albarinho from Spain. >> This is the bottle you can open when a friend stops by or to have with a simple chicken dinner. It's refreshing and doesn't require a lot of thought. It's just delicious. >> And for the everyday red, you want the same vibe. Smooth, fruity, and not too heavy. A wine with low tannins, so it's easy to drink on its own. A nice merllo, a Spanish pardonacha, or even a bojlet from France are fantastic choices. >> That's your pizza and pasta red, or your I want a glass of red while I watch a movie wine. Approachable and friendly, so that's two bottles down. The everyday duo. >> Now for bottles three and four. These are your food pairing bottles. They're a little more specific and are meant to elevate a meal. And don't feel like you need to spend a lot on these. There are so many fantastic wines in the $18 to $30 range that are perfect for this slot. The key is value and reliability, not a high price tag. We're looking for something that consistently delivers enjoyment. In fact, some of the most memorable wines are the ones that overd deliver for their price. >> Okay, I'll take this one. For the white, you want something with high acidity. Now, acid can sound like a scary word, but in wine, it just means it's bright and zesty and makes your mouth water. This kind of wine is incredible with food. >> It acts like a squeeze of lemon on a piece of fish. It just cuts through richness and cleanses your pallet. >> Perfect analogy. So, think about a dry reling from Germany, a sansair or a Gruner Velner from Austria. These are phenomenal with seafood, salads with vinegrett, goat cheese, or anything fried. Okay, so for the food focus red, we go in the opposite direction. We want something with more structure, more body and tannin. This is the wine that can stand up to richer, hardier meal. >> Your steak wine. >> The steak wine absolutely. Or for a rich bolognese, a mushroom dish or a barbecue. A classic cabernet svenan from California, a Bordeaux blend from France or a chianti classicalico from Italy would be perfect here. It has the power to match the intensity of the food. >> So to recap, we have two everyday wines and two food specific wines. That's four bottles down, two to go. >> Bottle number five is essential. It is the celebration bottle. You always, always need to have a bottle of sparkling wine on hand. >> I could not agree more. And it doesn't have to be a $100 bottle of champagne either. There are so many fantastic sparkling wines out there. Procco from Italy is fun, fruity, and affordable. Cava from Spain is made in the same method as champagne and offers incredible value. Or look for a creant from France. They're all brilliant options. Bubbles just make any moment feel special. A promotion, an anniversary, a friend's good news, or just the fact that it's Friday. Having that bottle chilled and ready means you're prepared to celebrate anything at a moment's notice. Okay, that brings us to our sixth and final bottle. This one is my favorite category. This is the wild card. >> Ooh, the fun one. This is your bottle for adventure. Is for trying something new, expanding your palette, and having a great story to tell. This is the bottle that makes your collection uniquely yours, >> right? The other five have a job to do. This's job is to just be interesting. So maybe you grab an orange wine, which is a white wine made like a red wine with fascinating textures and flavors, >> or a petnat, which is a rustic, lightly sparkling wine. You could explore the world of natural wines, or even branch out completely and get a high quality craft sake, which pairs beautifully with all kinds of food. >> The point of a wild card is to be playful. This is how you discover your next favorite grape or region. Don't be afraid to ask your local wine shop, The Secret Wine Society, for a recommendation. Just say, "I want something weird and wonderful." >> And that's it. That's the six bottle collection. Two everyday, two for food, one for celebration, and one wild card. It covers all your bases. >> Now, once you have these bottles, where do you put them? You don't need a fancy temperature controlled cellar. The rules are simple. Keep them somewhere cool, dark, and if they have a real cork on their side, >> right? Heat is the number one enemy of wine. So, don't store them on top of the fridge or next to the oven. And sunlight can damage wine, too. So, keep them out of direct light. A pantry, a coat closet, or a cabinet on a lower level of your house is perfect. >> And laying them on their side keeps the cork moist, which prevents it from drying out and letting too much air in. If it has a screw cap, you don't need to worry about that part. >> Okay, so last piece of advice. How do you maintain this perfect little collection? I love the onein, oneout rule. >> It's the best strategy. When you drink one of your six bottles, your mission is to replace it. This is what keeps your collection fresh and dynamic. >> And you have a choice. If you absolutely loved that everyday Merllo, buy the same one again. There's comfort in a reliable favorite. But this is also your chance to explore. >> Right? So you drank your structured Cabernet. Next time maybe you replace it with a Sarra from the Ron Valley or a Malbeck from Argentina. You're still filling the same slot in your collection, but you're constantly learning and trying new things. >> It turns a chore buying wine into a really fun educational hobby. Your six bottle collection becomes this living, evolving thing. >> Well said. So there you have it. a simple framework to ensure you're never caught in that wine panic again. >> That framework is so helpful. But before we wrap up, maybe we should talk about a few common mistakes people make when they're just starting to get into wine. The things to avoid. >> An excellent point. The first one I see all the time is buying way too much too soon. You get excited, you go to a big wine store, and suddenly you have three cases of wine you know nothing about. It's overwhelming and your taste will change over time. Start small, like with our six bottle plan. >> And of course, if this sounds like a great idea, but you're feeling a little overwhelmed by the choices, that's what we're here for. >> That's right. We invite you to come visit us at the Secret Wine Society, right here in beautiful Oakland, Oregon. We would absolutely love to walk you through the shelves and help you build your own custom six-pack. We can tailor it to your tastes and your budget. It's one of our favorite things to do. And if you enjoyed today's episode, please consider subscribing to the podcast on whatever platform you're using. Also, check out our YouTube channel for video content, virtual tastings, and more. >> Thanks so much for listening. Until next time, I'm Robert >> and I'm Don. Tears.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thesecretwinesociety: If you had to choose your 6 bottles today, what would they be? If you are near Oakland, Oregon, stop by The Secret Wine Society and we will help you build your custom 6 pack.

- The Guide to Wine Collecting: Start With the Classics: Kind: captions Language: en-US [gentle music] - Well, when it comes to starting a wine collection, you first really need to figure out what you like. I really think that one way people can start to jump in to trying different wine styles and therefore learning what they like is to think about the seasons. So when summertime rolls around, think two things. Dry rose which is the perfect mix of white wine refreshment with red wine complexity and then German Riesling. They're delicious when they're young and refreshing, but they also aged well in the cellar. Then when wintertime rolls around and we've got comfort food and cozy sweaters, it's a great time to try the rustic reds of Europe, especially Italian and Spanish reds. And when springtime comes, the farmers markets are alive with fresh produce. So that's a perfect opportunity to try the crisp, fresh whites of the world. My favorites, Toronto's from Argentina and the Sauvignon Blanc grape from Saint-Sernin, France, or New Zealand, or right here in California, delicious with the bright flavors of spring. So now that we've got your seasonal wine calendar figured it all out, don't be afraid to start with the classics. Classics are classic for a reason. They're rooted in authenticity, they're descendant from some of the most legendary wine styles and regions in the world, and you can really go back to that and always know that you've got one of the great benchmark styles for your cellar.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JustMorriss [2 likes]: i love being white
  2. @graycloud057: Try the classics from Washington State. Outstanding Quality without the California price.

- Sommelier Compares Cheap vs Expensive Wines ($18-$300) | World of Wine | Bon Appétit: Kind: captions Language: en-US - These are two bottles of Cabernet Sauvignon. This one costs $18. This one costs $300. And if you ever wondered why, I'm gonna explain that to you today. Hey, I'm sommelier Andre Hueston Mack. And today I have four different types of Cabernet Sauvignon, ranging in price from $18 all the way to $300. And I'm gonna break it down to tell you why they cost what they do. Let's face it. Wine can be inexpensive hobby, right? And constantly, I think it's one of the things that we buy that we're really kind of budget conscious of. Today, I have four different bottles of cabernet sauvignon. We have one for $18, $59, $135, and also $300. There's several different factors on why wine is priced the way that it is. It could be region. It could be the grapes that they used. It could be packaging, it could be glass. But I'm gonna break that down for you today. So the first factor is region. So Cabernet Sauvignon is the king of grape varietals. And it does really well in California and flourishes because of the weather and the climate. All these wines are from California. And what you notice as we go from least expensive to the most expensive, there's more detail on the label about where these wines come from. The more detailed you get, the more essence of the place of which it came from you would get. The French actually called this terroir Terroir is interesting. There's no direct translation in English but it means pretty much sense of place. You're gonna pay more money for the grapes and that specific vineyard to get that taste or that micro climate from where the grapes are grown. So we're gonna go ahead and open these now. We're gonna start with the California wine, the $18 wine, and then kind of move our way up. If you look at the back label, that's generally where you'll find that information, but here it just also just says California. So Cabernet is actually the offspring of Cabernet Franc and Sauvignon Blanc. So you get like some of this freshness from like Sauvignon Blanc. Cabernet Franc has a little bit of greenness to it as well. But you get red berries. Little currant. Little bit of red fruit, a little bit of black fruit. There is a little bit of vanilla, hint of vanilla. I would attributed that to maybe the oak. That's pretty good. This is actually a really great and well made California wine. I think what we don't get here is some of the nuances and the more detailed notes that you would get as we start to move further in and get more specific about the location that the wine comes from. So now we're moving on to Napa Valley and now you're paying for Napa Valley fruit, Napa Valley wine, which is more specific than say, California. There's a price attached to Napa Valley. So Napa Valley is one of the most famous and renowned wine regions in the world, not just here in America. What makes it really special is its micro climates and it's different types of soil. So before we talked about the previous wine herbs here, you also get herbs, but more specifically, you get rosemary. You get a little bit of sage. You get more, you know, lavender Cassis is a big one. A little bit of, you know, I smell a little lead. This really kind of helps explain the price you're paying for Napa Valley fruit. You're paying for these subtle nuances that you get that you don't really pick up in something that maybe is for $18. So our next lineup is Mayacamas Vineyard. This is $135. This is also from California, also from Napa Valley, but more specifically from Mount Veeder. Oh man. So like, I mean, here you get, like, it's just really intense currant. You know here there's definitely graphite or lead, but like, you know, more like pencil shavings. It reminds me of going up to sharpen my pencil as a kid. That's pretty amazing. The cool part about all of this is that as we started to get more detailed about where the wines come from, and we kind of went up in price, the wines have come really more expressive, right? So I think when we started with the first wine, it was just like red and black fruit. It was herbs. And as we started to progress, it becomes more apparent and more detailed. Rosemary, sage, graphite, pencil, currant, cassis. And that's really what you get as you start to get more of a sense of place in the wine. So this is Diamond Creek Winery. This is from Red Rock Terrace. This is Cabernet Sauvignon and this costs $300. I know, 300 bucks. We're gonna open this up and we're gonna taste this. So this is Cabernet Sauvignon from California, also Napa Valley, also from a specific AVA called Diamond Mountain. And then also from a specific vineyard located in that AVA called Red Rock Terrace. Just to kind of give you a scope of what's happening here, the first wine we tasted was from all over California. It could be from anywhere in California and now we've kind of narrowed it all the way down to just seven acres. And so when you think about from $18 all the way to $300, that's what you're paying for. For lack of a better term, it smells polished. It's so funny. Like I'm gonna get killed for that. That's not a real wine term but that's kind of the way that I explain it. This smells like Cabernet. It has all of those notes, cassis. There's a little bit of cinnamon. There is a little bit of manure. You know how I like my manure. You have vanilla, tobacco, truffle, damp earth like wet dirt. You know, it talks about the microclimate of just these seven acres that you won't get anywhere else in the world. The largest jump was from wine number three at $135 to $300. And why is that? We went just from a single AVA to a single vineyard, but the whole idea behind that is just it's about soil. And it's about a sense of place. You can really tell it in Europe when you walk through the vineyards in Burgundy, you know, you walk to one place and you can see where the soil change and you step on that line and that's considered one of the most premium areas, which they call a grand cru vineyard. And this here is called a premier cru. So it's really that close. It could be that close and it can jump in price extremely. Next time you're in a wine shop, you know, look at the details on the label. The more specific about that particular wine is probably what you're paying for. So factor number two is storing and aging. So there's a couple of different types of aging. There's an aging where you age it in an oak vat or oak barrel, and then there's also aging it in the bottle. Generally the barrel comes first and then it's put into bottle and then that's where the storing part comes. So oak does several different things. It imparts flavor. It also helps set the color during the wine making process. And it also imparts tannin, wood tannin into the wine to give the wine longevity. Is oak and that aging discernible in palette? Yes, it is. I mean, if we look at something like this when we talked about before more nuanced, right? So when I start to smell, you know, I smell cedar, right? I smell a little bit of vanilla. You know, those things come from brand new French Oak. And if we look at like something like Sidekick not to like pick on Sidekick, but like something here, there is a woody element to it, but it's not expressive of like the way that oak is is present here. This is more concentrated jumps outta the glass, it screams, "I've spent some time in oak" where here it's a little bit more subtle. You know, something like Diamond Creek at $300 a bottle is aged for 12 months. So one year and 100% brand new French Oak barrels. So each year they're buying barrels to make this particular wine. So this is reflected in the price because we're talking about brand new barrels, you know, at $1,200 a pop here every single year. So once you toast a barrel and actually use it from one year they basically lose half their value. As we move on to Mayacamas, what's interesting about this winery is that they don't use any brand new oak at all. There's no barrel cost here. They've bought the barrels once and they've been using them. I believe some of the barrels might be, you know, 50, 60, 70 years old. It's a combination of barrel and large wooden vats. So this wine actually spends 32 months in barrel before it's even bottled and released to the consumer. Also, I believe that it spends another 12 months in bottle before it's released. So you're talking about almost four years that you don't receive any return on this wine. And then so something like Steady State, here they're using 40% of the wine is aged in oak, brand new French Oak barrels. And the rest is to be done in neutral barrel. So it's a little bit more cost effective than say something like using a 100% brand new French Oak like they do at Diamond Creek. Now we're gonna move on to vineyard costs. I guess the easiest place to start would be land costs. Vineyards required land where the grapes are grown, and that is a huge cost. If we're starting at a million dollars here per acre for our $59 bottle of wine, as we start to progress and get to our $300 bottle of wine, the costs just go up. Napa Valley is the premier growing region in the United States. That's why you're paying a million dollars. That's just for the raw land. Generally it costs anywhere from $35,000 to $42,000 to put a vineyard on that raw land. So if you look at something like this, that's seven acres. So that's seven times 35,000 that's to plant the vineyard. If it's seven acres, it's $7 million, if not more. And so all of those inherent costs of the land are passed on to you, the consumer. if you look at Old Word Wines, the lands in the vineyards have already been paid for 10 times over. They've owned that property or that land for over 400 years. So that's not really passed on to the consumer. If you, you know, bought a wine, a $50 bottle of wine from the United States and a $50 bottle of wine from France and kind of felt like, wow, you've got more value for your money out of the European wine, inherent land costs is probably one of those factors in that. Most vineyards don't produce any fruit that you can actually make into wine until what we call third or fourth leaf. So that's three or four years that you have to wait that you can't make any wine in yet. You don't get any profit from. So now that we're on our third or fourth leaf, now it's time to harvest the fruit so we can make wine. If you use a machine, generally you're using it to harvest a large vineyard, right? And so it's definitely economical that way and costs less money. If you're hand harvesting it's in areas that you really can't get into, you know, hillsides all of those different kinds of things you get a better selection but it takes a team of people which is more labor intensive. And that is also passed So another factor when you plant and harvest your vineyard is how many tons per acre you're gonna produce. So if you produce a lot of tons per acre, seven eight, nine, 10, you're gonna get more fruit, but less quality fruit with less concentration. Not a lot of nuance. If you're doing one and a half acre you're gonna get a better developed wine with also a lot more flavor and depth. Definitely if we're looking at California Cabernet, you know, under $20, generally, it's probably harvested at a pretty large ton per acre. One and a half is kind of the standard when you're looking at like some of the top vineyards that you're gonna pay the price for. So we're gonna move on to vintage. Vintage is just the year that the grapes were harvested. There's non vintage wines, but these are vintage wines. So these are vintage stated. We've kind of already moved a step up. These are vintage stated wines, which is a sign of quality. A good vintage simply means that they were the prime growing conditions to produce ripe fruit, to make grape wine. You were up against mother nature and it's constantly throwing curve balls at you. Weather, rain. I think one year that we had a harvest in 2010 we actually referred to that as the Albert Hitchcock Vintage. 30% of the crop was lost due to the birds coming in and eating a lot of the fruit. You know, and vintage is important, but I think for your everyday drinking wines that becomes less important. You know, so if you're looking at something like these two wines here, you're gonna consume these wines, have fun with them. As we start to move up in price point, we look at, you know, these couple of wines here a lot of people use these as investments. They're gonna appreciate value. If you're really into wine and collecting wine, then vintage matters, right? And especially as you start to make more money, a lot of the more details is the same thing. The nuances and detail, you pay more attention to when you start to spend a lot more money. 2018 is considered a good vintage in California. When we talk about a good vintage, it's not only the growing conditions, it's also about longevity. Perfect growing conditions for someplace like California means that we are gonna make these long live wines that actually don't start giving until 20 or 30 years after they've been made. Especially when you're starting to listen to wine critics. At an everyday drinking level, it's more about pleasure and consuming those wines. And you need to pay less attention to vintage. I always have a rule of thumb, and great vintages you wanna buy from everybody because it was hard to make bad wine that year. And bad vintages you wanna buy from the best because they show a track record of making great wine consistently throughout the years. How do you know if it's a good vintage or not? By reading periodicals and what other people say, talking to the winery and those things you can figure out whether it's a good year or not at a certain price point every year is the best year to drink to wine. So now we're gonna move on to marketing and packaging. So we're actually gonna look at the raw materials. So glass, foil, labels and all those things and the designs and stuff like that. I would have to say that this is probably not a major factor on the pricing. As we're kind of looking at like all the marketing for these four bottles here, you know, there's a vast difference in price, but from looking at everything collectively, there's not a vast difference in the amount that was spent on packaging. The consumer would never know, but the idea from a winery side, if you're spending more than $8 on packaging, that's considered expensive. So that would encompass everything. The glass is probably your major cost here. We truly live in a day and age now where you can't really judge a wine by its label. You know, they have really great labels and fun labels and kitschy labels that actually really have great wine inside. I think a lot of times when we use that term marketing, we feel like we're being duped or tricked. Everything that you do is marketing, even if you're anti-marketing. As we look at something like this, you know this could be the $300 bottle of wine in the day and age that we live in now. I think, you know, maybe 20 years ago, this would just be unheard of. And most people would bypass that and look at something a little bit more serious but those days are over. You know, there's a lot of great wine in interesting packaging. So the last factor we're gonna talk about is reputation, which I think for most people doesn't really come to mind but it definitely plays a role in the price. You look at some of these higher end wines, you know, Mayacamas at 135, Diamond Creek, you know, they've been making wine for years. They've kind of set the standard for American wine making. They are at the very tip top of what the best we have to offer from the United States. You know what you're gonna get, you know what type of quality you're gonna get. And thus that's incorporated in the price as well. Versus some of the newer guys starting out, they can't demand the same kind of prices even if they were doing the same quality of stuff because there's not that reputation there. So they're still developing trust. Whereas here they have over 50 years experience, if not more, of making some of the great wines in America. Here, you can go right on their website. These are allocated, you sign up for the mailing list and they assign how much wine they wanna sell you. So no matter what kind of vintage it is a lot of people are still lined up and they still wanna buy these wines based upon that trust and reputation. Yeah, so if we're looking at these four particular wines I think the biggest factors, if I was gonna rate them would be region. That's a big one. Vineyard. Then we'd move on to the aging and barrel storage. And then from there reputation and then marketing. I'm sure there's cynics out there, people out there to say, "Oh, this is $18. And this is $300. And you know, the reason why that is that is because it's marketing." That's just not the case in this particular instance. There's definitely things that they do that make this cost more. There's a reason why these wines are priced the way that they are. And the biggest factor in that is that you can taste the difference. It's crystal clear that the wines are made differently. They taste differently and what it takes to make this wine versus to make this wine is definitely reflected in the price.

  Top Comments:
  1. @panama-canada [5 likes]: 2:44 you smell lead? Wtf!,,
  2. @a.danieloppie9581 [2 likes]: Can anybody identify the red wine glass he's using in all of these videos? Having trouble finding it. Thanks.
  3. @Mr.FinbarJLutter [1 likes]: I’ve never took a sip of red wine and thought “that taste like lead and pencil shavings.”
  4. @jacksonfl [1 likes]: Since when is an $18 bottle "cheap" wine?
  5. @BadenSteel: Manure….
  6. @rokasgrebliunas1682: His nose could smell your thoughts I think😊
  7. @pauliedibbs9028: Sidekick just ironically lived up it's name here lol
  8. @Meru22222: 5:53 love hearing about the storing and aging process! It's interesting how the different barrels change the wine
  9. @nadiyahurtgen8679: Thank you, Andrè for a great time. I am glan that food indastry belongs to extroverts, who alway happy to share
  10. @MichaelChapman-j7y: Just like the tijuanan border to San Isidro California. It Just changes in an instant, just like stepping over to a different soil
  11. @NicoleNicole-h2y: Your creativity stands out.
  12. @Randymarshfan11: Can you rank Aldi wines????
  13. @darthrevan8376: I love hints of cassis!
  14. @Litchi-k7k: I hope there will be more and more trendy wines in the future.
  15. @LagunaSomm: I had the 1990 Diamond Creek Red Rock Terrace Cab recently and it was nothing short of fantastic😍
  16. @JonasM.M.: Am I the only one who feels that with a pricetag of $18 a wine is not cheap at all?
When I go to a vineyard where they make the wine themselves have them for a year or so in a wooden barrel and sell them afterwards I will end up paying about €14 which in dollars is a similar amount and still less than $18
  17. @johnkennedy1506: Disclaimer: I love Andre’s videos

Labor theory of value vs. Subjective theory of value. Even if the European land has been paid off and the American land is $1m per acre, both are ultimately irrelevant to the price of the wine.

The price of the wine is what consumers are willing to pay for it, and that determines whether it is profitable for those vineyards to continue operations. So if the europeans have lower cost of land, they can operate much more profitably all things being equal. But I am willing to bet some other costs are imposed (ahem tariffs ahem regulations) that probably impacts their price.
  18. @Jasmine-i6e2d: Give it up Curtis
  19. @Dylan-nw8gq: I can taste the elavation diffrence between these grapes
  20. @matjones9244: André 👌

- Richard Wiesener talks about his wine collection: Kind: captions Language: en so what inspired you to start collecting wine which do whatever well um I think two things one my wife became a very good cook or was in the process of becoming a good cook and I wasn't a cook so I um sort of got interested in the wine to accompany the good food she was producing that was one thing and the second thing was uh we had a little financial success and we thought well we'll spend a bit more on a bottle of wine than we nor we had and we were amazed how much better it was it was a shadow Margo in the mount Nelson Hotel in South Africa Cape Town um somehow we always had dokou we drank that whenever we had little success so there's always some Duke you in my S you have some suan here as well I've seen some I do I do um in fact uh when people say you know that's a Rolls-Royce of an idea or that's a as if that was the best thing to me AEM is the thing that stands out in N class you know Rolls-Royce there's plenty of cars nearly as good as Rolls-Royce but there's no Saturn that it comes close to the Kim I think so what advice would you give to somebody that's thinking about starting to collect wine um I wouldn't go too wide I'd go deep so I'd buy three or four cases of something you really like so that you can see that you can see that wine evolving in your seller so you see the advantage of sellery so you have a happy experience cuz you've got you know if you've got three or four dozen and you drink it over four or 5 years um or you rash yourself and drink it over four or 5 years um I think you'll see the advantage of celery I think there are two benefits of sellers there's probably more but two that come to mind are one you're drinking better wine for less money and um two I just love saying to DIY what's for dinner tonight and thinking oh I wonder what I'll have with that and coming down here and I've got enough breadth to uh have something that's different from what I had last night and what I think will go well with for me I love burgundy but I just find it so hard to get any consistency or any great you know reassurance of the quality so even if you follow a domain you the quality does vary from year to year yeah don't you think so yeah I do yeah no no I love red burgundy but I just think it's that's not true white burgundy don't think I'd happily buy uh couron Char and Bono de marre without asking Michael I feel brave enough right I'm an enthusiastic Drinker that's the best way [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vinofiamma [1 likes]: The problem is I drink them before I can sell them. Nice Video. Ciao from NY.
  2. @DMC69DMC: Just wanted to say how much i'm enjoying watching your video channel. This and the other videos are charming and very enjoyable. If you don't mind i'd like to link to them from my fine wine community, www.wineshrine.co.uk..   Many thanks David McCarthy
  3. @maisonmirabeau: Hi - Nice problem to have! Thanks for the comments. Have a great day, Stephen

- Wine Collecting 101: How to Manage Your Wine Collection (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en lately i've been getting a lot of questions from people about seller management software specifically what are the pros and cons and also which seller management software that i use personally to manage my own collection and so today i'm going to be drilling down into detail regarding each of those items first regardless of which particular software that you use i've found that seller management software is useful for at least three reasons first it helps you keep track of your wine inventory after you've been collecting for a while it becomes essential for you to have some sort of tool in order to manage your inventory otherwise it quickly becomes unwieldy to determine which particular producers that you have which vintages you have the number of bottles remaining and so forth seller management software is also very useful to help you keep track of your costs or the amount of money that you've spent online this can be useful if you have a budget that you're trying to stick to for example or if you need to keep track of the amount that you spend on wine for tax purposes either way you can quickly run reports that will show you how much you've spent for a particular time period such as a quarter or for a particular year for those of you with wine insurance it's definitely very useful because it can help the insurance carrier confirm your inventory when you go to purchase the policy and it can also be very very useful when you go to make a claim if that should happen now all those benefits largely apply to most seller management software on the market i've been using seller tracker for probably 10 years or so now there's a number of reasons why i use seller tracker first it has an extensive library of wines and so it's very very easy to input the wines because most of them are already populated in the system it also has a very helpful scanning feature where you can take a picture of the upc symbol and then the wine will come up without you having to input it that helps to expedite the input which can be especially time consuming it also has a significant amount of integrated wine reviews and tasting notes that can be very useful and while i don't rely on these for purchasing decisions typically i do find it useful for at least two or three reasons first when i go to open a wine i'll have a particular idea about how long i'd want to decant that wine or whether it should be decanted at all however i'll oftentimes look the wine up especially if i'm unsure or haven't had the wine recently just to see what other users have experienced with respect to that line on multiple occasions i've had situations where multiple people have written consistent tasting notes that a particular wine was not ready to drink yet or that it needs at least a two or three hour decant in that instance i'll plan accordingly and make sure that i open the wine well in advance or possibly even pick something else if i don't have time to wait that long occasionally when i'm going to purchase wine i will also look the wine up and see what the tasting notes and experiences are like recently especially with an older vintage this helps you determine if the wine may be past peak for example with a lot of off vintage bordeaux well you'll sometimes get good deals on those or the opportunity to purchase those at prices that initially seem to be fairly competitive however if you look the lineup and many people are saying that the wine is definitely past peak then you may want to pass on that wine another feature that i find very useful is the recommended drinking windows in seller tracker after you input your wine and seller tracker the wine will have a recommended drinking window and it will allow you to run a report that states time to drink up and then it will list those wines in the order in which they should be consumed i don't typically always agree with this drinking window it does allow you to modify it so i'll sometimes do that to give it more time because i tend to prefer my wines with more age on them but nevertheless i do feel that it's a useful default in starting point for a lot of wines it also allows you to run reports according to the region grape variety or vintage and this is oftentimes useful if you're going to be going to a themed tasting and you need to decide whether to purchase a bottle or whether you have something in your collection you can quickly run a search and determine if you have something for that particular vintage grape variety or region it also allows you to segregate your wine by storage location so if you have some wine at home and some at your off-site storage facility you can input those things into your management software and then see what you have at either location and while seller tracker is available on a website i typically found that it's useful to use a mobile application rather than the website however i don't necessarily care for the seller tracker mobile application so what i found is that the corks mobile application is actually more effective and more user-friendly and so i generally use that that does require a one-time payment of two dollars up front but i found that it's well worth it and it's a lot more user-friendly the good thing about quarkx is even though it's not seller tracker itself it's fully compatible with seller tracker and so you get the same advantages in terms of being able to have access to those tasting notes in the extensive wide library that i discussed earlier in my experience the mobile application is better than the website because it's very helpful when you're on the go if you're at your off-site facility enjoying some wine for example you can remove it from your inventory right after you consume the bottle and that way you won't forget to do so when you get home later likewise if you get presented with an offer to purchase wine by email and you need to make a quick decision you can quickly check your inventory to see whether or not you already have that line and if so how many bottles you may have that way even when you're on the go you can get the information that you need to make a purchasing decision right at your fingertips so what do you think about seller management software do you find it effective and if so which seller management software do you use please let me know in the comments below depending on the responses i get i may either do a follow-up video or write an instagram post about it in the future thanks so much until then drink well

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nutritionicity [5 likes]: Terrific video, John! Not only is it extremely helpful for the seasoned collector, but also someone like myself who simply has a smaller cellar inventory to keep track of. Large or small, a collection of wine is dynamic. I am often challenged to remember which wines I currently have vs. those I have already enjoyed, or how many bottles of a particular wine remain. You provided some very useful solutions for my personal challenges and those of larger scale collectors! Very much appreciate you taking the time to share this information!
  2. @domenictalese1099 [2 likes]: John, Great video.  Do you have any content on how you suggest labeling your bottles or bottle locations and tracking that in cellar tracker.  i also use cellar tracker but haven't started tracking location, but my collection is growing and is now becoming an issue.  would love to see how you achieve this.  Thanks.
  3. @edmaryellenkmiec9171 [2 likes]: Hi John.  I use an Excel spreadsheet to manage my wine collection.  Every bottle is assigned to a specific space making it very easy to locate a bottle.  And Excel's pivot table tool allows me to display my collection any number of ways.  Easy and cheap.
  4. @cookandrideflorida [2 likes]: Another good video.  I’ve been using CT for a few years and have found the drinking windows are helpful.  My small collection is geared towards having something on hand to pair with whatever we’re having for dinner and most of the wines have recommendations available.  Since my wife rarely drinks more than 1/2 a glass I’m “forced” to finish the bottle all by myself.  It’s a tough job but someone has to do it. 😁
  5. @megahungster [2 likes]: I checked on various review on Corkz and they said it's not working well (with no updates, bad connections, etc). Is it working well with you?
  6. @Winelover1004 [2 likes]: Good to know 👍👍
  7. @neseturan629 [2 likes]: This is an excellent video, John! Very good, everything clearly explained. Thank you once again for sharing your expertise with us! Cheers!
  8. @danielplainview4778 [2 likes]: Good video, CT really seems to be the only game in town. I personally do not know a single wine collector not using it. Funny you mentioned the drinking windows, I’ve found that they are almost always way too conservative for my tastes. Also the aggregate “score” often seems somewhat useless, everything seems to be ranked 89-94… I think the key is to find some critics and users who have the same tastes as you and just follow them, ignore the rest
  9. @wren460 [1 likes]: Excellent video John !  I have been a member of CT for more than a decade and what is very useful to me is to find users that have similar preferences that mine. For example , I enjoy very much Napa , Australia,  Argentina wines and I don´t enjoy a lot Northern Rhone , and mostly all Italian wines. So, when I am looking for wines I will look for people that enjoy the kind of wines I enjoy an voila !   Imagine a fan of Burgundy placing a note about a Mollydooker wine !!!  Wine is like food, there are so many options and there is no good or bad, it depends totally on your preference. Saludos desde México !
  10. @ManuelAlaniz-b1u [1 likes]: Is the corks app discontinued?  That you know of? 

Thank you
  11. @SanjayPatel-di3qk [1 likes]: How about invintroy software?
  12. @thecanuck11 [1 likes]: Just installed the Cellar Tracker app. Thanks for the recommendation. It does indeed have an extensive wine library.
  13. @jcre2000 [1 likes]: It would have been nice to have the links to the software you are talking about
  14. @kenmcdonaldii3887 [1 likes]: Fantastic videos! Thank you for sharing. I was wondering if the software has the ability to input a location of a specific bottle within your cellar?
  15. @BelgianGurista [1 likes]: Hi, I'm sub number 666 👹. Devilish wine channel you got going on here. Thx for all the info.
  16. @relaxmeditatechill3323 [1 likes]: Good morning John. Another great post. You said something that caught my attention, you spoke about Wine insurance.  Do you personally recommend a Company thanks?
  17. @sip.savor.sights [1 likes]: I really appreciate all that information managed into this video, John! It was very informative, professional and helpful! Enjoyed it very much and learnt a lot from you! Thank you! Cheers!
  18. @arturovera4932 [1 likes]: User comments at the Corkz app page on the App Store say it’s not longer supported and ratings are only 2.5 out of 5.0…so?

- Wine Law and Pricing Explained for WSET 3: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the explainer. Today we are unccorting two of the most important topics in wine. And if you're studying for something like the WCT level 3, this is absolutely for you. We're going to get to the bottom of why one bottle is 10 bucks and another is a thousand. And we'll decode all that legal jargon on the label so you know what it really means. All right, so let's just jump right in with the big question, right? You're standing in a wine shop looking at a wall of bottles. Why does one cost less than a sandwich and another costs more than a plane ticket? Well, I promise you it's not just fancy marketing. It's a really fascinating mix of costs from the vineyard all the way to the shelf and a whole world of regulations. So, here's how we're going to break it all down. First up, we'll look at the costs from the grape to the glass. Then, we'll follow the wine on its journey to the shelf. After that, we're going to get into the law on the label, specifically how it works in Europe. And finally, we'll put it all together and see exactly how price meets law. Okay, section one, from grape to glass. You see, the price of a bottle of wine starts building long before it's even wine. It really all begins out there in the vineyard with the land, the vines, and just how much work it takes to grow great grapes. You know, this right here shows you just how much the land itself can drive up the cost. If you've got flat vineyards, you can bring in machines to do almost everything, which keeps costs way down. But on some of those world famous steep slopes, like in the Mosul in Germany, no way. It's all done by hand. I mean, sometimes the vineyards are so steep that workers literally have to be tied on with ropes. That kind of manual labor is incredibly expensive. And you better believe that cost gets passed right into the bottle. And once those grapes finally get to the winery, the costs just keep piling up. I mean, first there's the huge expense of just setting up the vineyard and buying all the equipment. We're talking tanks, presses, the whole shebang. But then there's the cost of time itself, maturation. Think about it. If a wine maker is aging a wine in an oak barrel for 2 or 3 years, that wine is just sitting there taking up space and not making a single penny. That delay, that tied up cash has to be factored into the final price. All right, so the wine is made, it's been aged, we're done, right? Not even close. Getting that finished wine from the seller to your local shop adds a whole other set of costs to the equation. Yeah, this map of the supply chain really shows it all. Every single step here adds a little bit more to that final price tag. Take packaging. A super heavy, fancy, custom molded bottle costs a lot more to make and ship than a simple lightweight one. Then there's transport. Shipping wine across the globe costs a fortune compared to just driving it down the road. And of course, the importer, the distributor, the retailer, they all need to get their cut along the way. Oh, and let's not forget about the silent partner in every single bottle of wine you buy, the government. On top of all those other costs, you have taxes and duties. And we're not talking about pocket change here. In some places, taxes can actually be one of the biggest single parts of that final price you see on the shelf. It's huge. The kind of producer making the wine makes a big difference, too. You've got your estates who grow all their own grapes. They have total control, which is great for quality. But if a hail stom wipes out their crop, they're in big trouble. Then you have merchants who buy grapes or wine from others. This lets them blend for a consistent style year after year. And you can't forget cooperatives, which are super common in Europe. They're basically a collection of growers who pull their resources, which is a lifeline for small farmers. Okay, so we've got a handle on the costs. Now, let's switch gears and talk about the law. When you look at a wine label, what do all those words actually mean? What are they promising you? This is where we dive into the rules of the game. The single most important concept in wine law pretty much everywhere in the world is the geographical indication or GI for short. And really, it's simple. A GI is just a legally protected name for a place. It's a line drawn on a map that guarantees the grapes for that wine were grown inside that line. That's it. It's a promise of origin. Now, here's a number you absolutely have to know, especially for any wine exam. 85%. For a wine to legally put a GI on its label in most parts of the world, at least 85% of the grapes have to come from that specific named region. Remember that number. It's key. So, the European Union, which is, you know, the heartland of wine, takes this GI idea and kicks it up a notch. They've built a whole two-level system that creates a kind of quality pyramid. And you really need to understand how it works. And here are the two tiers. Think of it like this. PDO or protected designation of origin is the top of the pyramid. These are for smaller, more specific, often more famous areas and they come with a super strict rule book. What grapes you can use, how you can make the wine, everything. Then you have PGI, protected geographical indication. This is a much broader category. It covers larger areas and gives wine makers way more freedom and flexibility to experiment. But for that top tier, for a European PDO wine, the rule gets even stricter. It's not 85%, it's 100%. No wiggle room. Every single grape has to come from that defined region. It is an absolute guarantee of origin and authenticity. Now, here's a little tip. You're not always going to see the letters PDIO on the bottle, and that's because the EU lets countries use their own traditional terms. So in France you'll see Appalachian derision control A or AOC. In Italy you'll see the famous DOC or the even higher level DOCG. Just remember these are all different local names for that same top tier PDO category. Okay, last section. Let's bring these two worlds together. We've talked about money. We've talked about law. So how do these legal rules directly impact the price you pay for that bottle? Well, here's the absolute crux of it. When a wine region has a prestigious legal status, like a really strict PDO, those rules do a lot more than just protect its name. They actively restrict how much wine can be made. The laws might demand lower yields in the vineyard or dictate expensive production methods, which raises costs and crucially limits the total supply. And it all comes down to this. It's classic economics 101, really. You have a famous region that everyone wants a piece of. So demand is super high. But at the same time, the strict laws of that region keep the supply very, very limited. And what happens when high demand crashes into low supply? The price has nowhere to go but up. That right there is how law and price come together in the world of wine. So we'll leave you with this to think about. We've seen how the costs pile up and how the law creates scarcity. All of which builds that final price tag. But does that price born from all these rules and market forces actually guarantee that you're going to love what's in the bottle more than something else? Well, that's a question only you can answer. Thanks for joining this explainer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CruWineEducation [1 likes]: 🍷 Studying for WSET 3? Download my WSET 3 study app: https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/wine-study-level-3/id6758513735

- Wine 101 - BORDEAUX BASICS in 4 Minutes: Maps, Grapes, and Labels!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in this video we're going to map out Bordeaux talk about what styles of wine are made there and how to read a Bordeaux wine label this is part of our full Bordeaux episode where I took an aerial tour of the region which is why I'm in a plane for this segment and definitely watch a full episode if you have time but for now here's Bordeaux 101. while I'm getting my tour of the region allow me to give you yours Borneo runs along the 45th parallel which is known as one of the great wine making lines of latitude in the world this parallel also runs through parts of the Rhone Valley Piedmont and the Willamette Valley in Oregon the largest AOC in Bordeaux is simply that the Bordeaux AOC for the base level of Bordeaux AOC The Grapes can come from anywhere in Bordeaux and the rules are pretty minimal there's also a bunch of subcategories but just know that this level has the most flexibility next level is Bordeaux Superior these wines can also come from anywhere in Bordeaux but have stricter requirements for the grapes and aging okay now let's get to the real fun stuff the commune aocs here at the top level there are fairly strict Geographic and quality controls in place there are two main parts to Bordeaux the Left Bank and the right bank if you only take away one thing from this entire conversation remember this places in the Left Bank or the left side of the river make Cabernet sauvignon-based Blends and places on the right Bank make merlot-based Blends got it good now while there are 65 different aocs in Bordeaux there's a few worth calling out the Left Bank is the most well known for the madok homemadeok and grav Within These ALCS you'll find the five most famous communes that produce all the wines we talked about earlier in the 1855 classification on the right Bank you have equally famous Merlot producing communes pomerol and sentimilion Where the River splits is the aptly named Entre dumer which means between two tides and is known for its dry wines from sauvignon blanc and semione blends you have sautern and barsac famous for their botrytus dessert wines from semiyon and finally you've got the laid-back Cote de Bordeaux with your five Appalachians spread across the region that produce all colors and styles if a wine happens to have a classification of some sort it's in addition to these location-based aocs so let's do a few actual examples with bottles check out this label the Chateau name is the producer homemadeok is the AOC or the place where the wine was made since we know homemadeok is on the Left Bank we know this is a Cabernet Sauvignon based blend the crew Bourgeois is a special classification awarded in addition to the commune designation let's do another the producer is the Chateau Santa Milian is the place and since we know it's on the right bank it's a merlot-based blend with more specific quality controls and Grand Cru Class A is a classification awarded in addition to the commune designation the more labels you see the more it makes sense there are a bunch of smaller communes all over Bordeaux that have plenty of Great Value wines as well you might have to do some Googling at first to learn their names but that's okay I do it too all right I'd say it's time to get back on land and somewhere I'm a little more comfortable hey Vince here I hope you learned a little bit about Bordeaux and if you want to learn more about Bordeaux go check out our full episode which is available here or on our page as well as our other episodes because they're all pretty fun see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnaRaquelCaldas [6 likes]: I've seen the full video. Worth every second!
  2. @winesynths [4 likes]: There is a mistake in the map at 2:29! Sauternes AOC is only the small green part on the left bank of the Garonne. The sweet wines of the right bank are part of the Entre-Deux-Mers: St-Croix-du-Mont, Loupiac, Cadillac. And you find some sweet wines in the Premieres-Côtes. These are, in general, not vinified in Barriques as opposed to classic Sauternes.🥂
  3. @onsmezni [3 likes]: Thank you for the video
Come and discover the culture of wines in Tunisia, its history since Carthage .... there are the roads of the vineyards ... I can give you the contact of a good guide if you are interested
  4. @sypialnia_studio [2 likes]: You took a plane to make sense of Bordeaux but didnt care to learn proper pronouciation of the world renown names. That sauvignon blanc with audible K really hurts the soul...
  5. @sommvibes [2 likes]: Fun and informative as always . . . Bravo!!
  6. @fedegiove [2 likes]: great as always, bravo!  just today I was preparing the marketing material of a Bordeaux Superior and Medoc Cru Bourgeois ;)
  7. @trevorc6020 [1 likes]: Hello! I am a level one sommelier at one of the nicest restaurants in Denver and I just wanted to add:

NOT ALL REDS COMING OUT OF MEDOC OR HAUT MEDOC (left bank) are cab dominant blends. We have a bottle that’s from left bank, haut Medoc, and it is a Merlot based blend!!!!
  8. @PapaGabo [1 likes]: Thank you 

great video, great quality, great value, i love bordeaux very much
  9. @CypressTree2 [1 likes]: Excellent!
  10. @matthiasthym7431: Can you make the same about Luxembourg's Moselle Wines?
  11. @oskarhjerpe667: This vid is good. just like uiniversety. wtf. like be in class. :D thx dude.
  12. @PolvenjosadamKimpoljos: Highlighting audience comments in videos strengthens loyalty
  13. @LilianaCarter-f2j: Every second was worth it.

- Wine Folly Guide to Burgundy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I was thinking about it and if there is one region that casts fear in the heart of every wouldbe somier it's burgundy on the surface it's not that complicated burgundy sits in the middle of France and specializes in just two grapes it's easy right and yet if we were to hone in on one region that's had the greatest influence on defining what fine wine is it's burgundy hands down honestly I hate to admit this is true but France got something very right with burgundy so let's find out what we can about this place and its wine so not only do you have a deeper understanding of this place but you understand more about fine wine in general of the 76,000 Vineyard acres in burgundy the majority are dedicated to just two grapes chardonay and P Noir and since I can hear the keepers of burgundy lore cringing I'll admit burgundy does more than just those two grapes the rare Grapes of burgundy include an unpretentious white called aligote a tiny amount of Pino gree some somon Blanc under the Appalachian name Sal Bri and a touch of G that returned to the region after it was banished in 1395 but the focus on sh gard and Pon Noir is what put burgundy on the map and this region has been workshopping these grapes for almost a thousand years the San monks started burgundy's obsession with wine quality it was in 1098 when 21 monks thinking the world would end started a monastery that shunned wealth to focus on Farming and charity with their success their land Holdings expanding allowing monks to improve their wine making methods over hundreds of years and it's likely that their work established France's incredible diversity of wine varieties including grapes like P war chardonay aligot and game and even though Burgundy wine labels are confusing and we'll get into that in a bit you can trust that if it's a red wine and it's from burgundy it's ponir and if it's a white wine it's probably chardonay burgundy's classification system offers a secret to finding good affordable Burgundy wine but how did it start over hundreds of years Burgundian Growers named their best Vineyard sites these plots have limstone soils and face the sun just right to make great wine the plots called clats became burgundy's basis for their classification system burgundy wines have four quality tiers read Regional wines Village Appalachians Premier crew Vineyard wines and gr crew Vineyard wines for example if you buy a Chardonnay Village wine from shbl it can come from any Vineyard in that Village appalation Premier crew Vineyards are less numerous and these sites have much more optimal growing conditions like better soils drainage and sun exposure last but not least the gr crew Vineyards are the best sites for growing Chardonnay in ch these are exceedingly rare and special so if you're just getting into burgundy I think the best place to start is with a village wine from a good vintage and we'll talk more about vintages to look for so stay tuned when you look at Burgundy on a map you'll see that it has four distinct growing areas each of these regions sh the coat door coat chalanes and mcon make different tasting wines and I'll admit the differences are subtle but perhaps that's what makes burgundy so mindboggling let's start with the region that everyone gets excited about the coat door it's a bit nuts to think that wines from the 33 Grand crew Vineyards in the coat door command the highest prices of wine in the world this is billionaires juice but what's it like the coat door is split into two areas the coat bone and and the kotoni let's start with the koten since this is the most expensive Vineyard area in burgundy the terrain here is characterized by an undivided Southeast facing slope which creates the perfect conditions for growing grapes in burgundy it has 24 ground crew Vineyards more than any other region in burgundy now 80% of The Vineyards in the kenui grow ponir which tells you just how integral this grape is to the Region's identity the soils the slope and the climate together could produce some of the most sought-after Pinon Noir Wines in the world one Vineyard in particular stands out it's related to burgundy's history CL vuo it's an original San Abbey on a gron crew Vineyard this Vineyard has been producing wines for nearly a thousand years if you're looking to taste these wines you should know that not only do they very based on Vineyard and vintage but the producer matters as well the best wines deliver ethereal fruits roses plums and spice with Savory notes these wines are built to age with higher tannin and acidity so if you're curious to try a Cen weights I would recommend to start with the best value areas check out COI vage oeni Appalachians or maybe the village appalachi of N St George Mars or Fen moving on to the coat to bone this area is just as densely planted as the the kenui but the landscape here is more varied this diversity in terrain has led to a shift in the types of grapes grown while ponir is still prominent there's a noticeable increase of chardonay plantings in fact seven of the eight gron crew Vineyards in katab bone focus on chardonay making this reach the Benchmark for Chardonnay enthusiasts and these wines are Oak Aged wines which exude Elegance richness and complexity the Pinon Noir from this area shouldn't be overlooked either as it's surprising it's often praised for its Rich earthy qualities with notes of black plums sued like age worthy tannin they're good since aotong is also a ground crew area prices can get quite high for these Appalachian wines so you might try some of the Lesser known Appalachians like s Oben sanan or o Dess and before we continue sell through the rest of burgundy let's take a detour to a part of burgundy that's very unlike the rest Shi sh sits closer to Champagne than the rest of burgundy and this Northern location means sh has a much cooler climate which plays a significant role in the character of its Chardonnay wines the Region's best sites share the same kigian Limestone soils as champagne which have this chalky white composition the white soils actually help reflect black sunlights to ripen The Grapes despite the cooler temperatures and as we talked about earlier the sight matters and it affects to be B wine quality in that classification system like I said before the specialty here is Chardonnay but it's unlike anything you'll find in the rest of burgundy Shi are typically lean citrusy and often uned with a crisp refreshing profile known to age decades there's some of the most minerally Sharden you will ever taste making them a must try for anyone who is interested to taste a different expression of Chardonnay next let's head back to the main growing era of burgundy to explore our next region coat chalones this region often gets overlooked because it doesn't have any gr crew Vineyards that's because it's a bit higher elevation than the Cod door and thus a little bit cooler but without that gr crew price tag coach Shalon offers much better values I would look in Mercury rui and jeev if you love plumy ponir and rui cuz this is the center of burgundy's crant production crant the borgon is made in the same production method as champagne with the local Pinon Noir and Chardonnay grapes and it's great lastly for those of you looking for bizarre finds there is one unique appalation here worth noting bueron it specializes in a rare white grape called aligote which most find to be pretty lean and flinty finally we arrive in McAn the southernmost region in burgundy the climate here is decidedly different from the rest of burgundy it really feels like we're now in southern France this is chardonay country but the warmer climate here means Harvest happens about 2 weeks after shle it makes a riper more peachy style of chardonay wines and they're also Enochs meaning stainless steel and no o o the Macan is also where some of the most exciting recent developments in burgundy are taking place in The Last 5 Years three Appalachians have had their Vineyards elevated to Premier crew status signaling a growing recognition for this wine region this part of burgundy is definitely an area worth watching I think it's time to take a step back from exploring the regions of burgundy to talk about something that absolutely crucial to know if you like to buy burgundy wines and that's the vintages the year the wine was made will greatly affect quality and character in a wine and this is especially true in burgundy for example the 2020 vintage has been widely hailed as exceptionally collectible and on the other hand nobody's talking about 2021 conditions like spring frosts hail heat spikes and rainy weather during the Harvest will greatly affect the grape quality and thus the wine quality so if you're looking for Value bottles I would actually stock up on the good vintages because affordable wines will actually be very delicious and you can actually get into really high quality wines on the not so good vintages because they tend to be more affordable on those less popular vintages so those are my secrets on vintages but if I could identify y burgundy's secret it's not their special Limestone soils their historic Vineyard sites or even their special clones of penon Noir and Chardonnay it's the people and the fact that they care continually burgundy has a history of not trying to be something it isn't and yet championing what it is it's not the biggest brashest wine of them all it's subtle it's elegant it's demure so that's burgundy thanks for tuning in and I hope you learned something if you did subscribe to this Channel and you will get more and if you want to go a step further consider taking one of wine Folly's online courses from The Beginner's wine 101 course to the exceedingly fun yet actually pretty Advanced wine 2011 to gain those wine chops you always wish you had until next time happy tasting go drink some burgundy

  Top Comments:
  1. @FiveFigsDigital [3 likes]: I knew more than a fair amount about this topic before I watched this. You covered it beautifully. Informative and just enough entertaining. Well done.
  2. @Secondreich-k3m [2 likes]: Average meal in orderstaat burgand
  3. @JasonWalsh-b4n [2 likes]: I LOVE BURGONDY FRANCE AND BURGONDY WINE!!!❤❤
  4. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: GREAT WINE!!!!!🙂😁💙💙✌🏼🤙👌👍
  5. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: LETS ALL GET DRUNK AND HAVE AN ORGY IN FRANCE, GIRLFRIENDS!!!❤
  6. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: ME LOVE BURGONY WINE, AND I USED TO BE A CISTERCIAN CATHOLIC MONK.❤
  7. @Neosoul_prima [1 likes]: People really need to start taking French class. Great video though
  8. @perry3556 [1 likes]: I love bourgogne pinot noirs, but I haven´t had one pinot noir that survives the night. I´ve had inumerious regional, village, premier cru & grand cru and once you pop that bottle you gotta finish it before the night´s over or it´ll taste anything from "ok" to quite soso the next day, they quickly turn somewhat fatty/acidic/vinegar... with Bordeaux and cabernet/merlot based wines it´s a different story, some of them can actually get better after 24h opening...
  9. @MustHaveWine [1 likes]: Very educational and informative!  Well done.  I'll have to re-watch this and take notes!  (PS....love the outfit!)
  10. @closandmonopole [1 likes]: Really nice video!
  11. @matthiasthym7431: Could you make a video about Luxembourg's Moselle River Wines?
  12. @WineUnfiltered-j4u: This is a great guide!
  13. @JohnJullaiya: The quality is unmatched.
  14. @BoozewithNick: Excellent work on this one, Madeline! This episode should be required viewing for anyone doing their WSET 1. For those of you newer to wine, the way she streamlined her explanation of this very complex region was just great. Specifically, the guidance on the more entry level appellations is very valuable (literally). Oh yeah, and drink cremant de Bourgogne if you like sparkling and never worry about champagne prices again. Or Willamette Valley sparkling white, which is pretty much Burgundian. ❤
  15. @John-wx2ce: Great video. I wish this was included with Clive Coates book! In my opinion, the sweat spot in Burgundy in terms of the quality / price ratio are the premier crus. While Grand Cru wines are undeniably fabulous, the pricing is, well, bordering on ridiculous.
  16. @nikosvithoulkas9602: Excellent video madalena... !!!!
Please make a similar video for the other regions (with a map) of France. It is very educational
keep it up...
thank you....!!!!!❤
  17. @Indian--Summers: 5 minutes was all I could take. This vid is boring as f....
  18. @GuadalupeEspinoza-r9u: Really good video,  saludos desde Mexico 🇲🇽
  19. @lawrencemiller8198: Really liked this video
  20. @Lil_Squib: What was that acoustic guitar song you used in the transitions? It sounded really nice

- Wine Collecting - 10 Top $75 RED WINES (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm identifying 10 of my favorite wines around 75 a bottle and these are all going to be red wines the first of my favorites around 75 a bottle is the chapel a signature series cabernet sauvignon chapelae is located in the pritchett hill area which is located in saint helena in napa pritchett hill is of course a very famous area for high quality cabernet this particular wine is about 85 cabernet 10 petite verdeaux and 5 percent malbec yes malbec actually does pretty well in napa this particular malbec adds a nice touch of fruit to this particular blend this wine is aged 22 months in french oak 60 of which is new this is a very consistent and age-worthy wine i recently enjoyed the 2009 bottling and it was still showing extremely well and had plenty of life left the 2018 should be available on shelves now and perhaps the 2019 as well both of these are excellent vintages and are well worth picking up they might even be a touch under seventy five dollars a bottle perhaps around seventy dollars or so my second favorite red wine around seventy five dollars a bottle is the gigal saint joseph ludi rouge it's no secret that i'm a big fan of ghigal and of syrah so this is a natural pick for me this wine comes from the vineyard that gave saint joseph its name saint joseph is located in the northern rhone region of france as such this is a 100 syrah red wine this wine comes from vines that range in age from 20 to 75 years old it's powerful and spicy but with polished tannins it's one that could come together a little bit better with a couple more years of age on it but after that it will certainly drink well for 12 to 13 years or so my third favorite wine that's about 75 dollars a bottle is actually a number of wines specifically the produtory del barbaresco reservis in the video that i made recommending wines at around 50 a bottle i mentioned the prodatory del barbaresco which sells for about 40 to 45 dollars a bottle in addition to that wine which has made every vintage in very good vintages purgatory also makes nine single vineyard reservas and their policy is either to make all nine of them or not to make any of them at all these are all excellent wines although my favorite is a silly in the united states these can often be purchased for around 75 a bottle although some of the single vineyards are a little bit more and others a little bit less these are nebiola based wines that are very age-worthy and extremely high quality and which compare very favorably to some other big name barbarescos that cost a lot more than this if you can still find them in the retail channels i would definitely recommend picking up some 2016's as that was an absolutely stunning vintage for prototory and barbaresco generally this is a very high quality producer even though it is a cooperative they control about one-third of the vineyards in barbaresco so they have some excellent fruit sources my fourth favorite wine around 75 dollars a bottle is the cunei imperial grand reserva rioja this wine is 85 percent tempranillo and the rest is made up of a mix of graciano and vezuelo it's made only in very good vintages it's made from old vines located in one of cvne's best vineyards in the rioja alta subzone of rioja they use a strict fruit selection for this bottling you just can't go wrong with this bottle if you enjoy these picks and get value from my recommendations be sure to smash that like button and subscribe to my channel both of those things help me out a lot more than you realize additionally i was very surprised to learn that more than 75 percent of the people who watch my videos regularly do not subscribe to my channel so especially if you're a regular viewer please go ahead and subscribe to my channel because that really does help me out a lot my fifth favorite wine around 75 dollars a bottle is the chateau la cafelier which is a right bank bordeaux from saint emilion this wine is about two-thirds merlot and one-third cabernet franc this winery's been on a bit of a hot streak the past few vintages in particular and one critic actually regarded the 2018 vintage for this producer as one of the wines of the vintage 2019 and 2020 were also excellent while the 2018 and 2019 are probably closer to 100 or so the 2020 can still be purchased on the futures market for around 75 a bottle this is a wine that you want to put away for at least eight to ten years as it will definitely get a lot better with some additional bottle age my sixth favorite red wine around seventy five dollars a bottle is the 2016 castello di monsanto il poggio chianti classico gran selezione i recently visited castelo di monsanto and learned a lot about their production methods and their winery this is an excellent producer of sangiovese-based wines at all price points and this one is one of their higher end bottlings gran selezione is a fairly recent designation and the winery has to satisfy three requirements to be able to call their wine a grand celezione first the wine has to be produced from a single vineyard second the vineyard must be a state owned and third the wine must be aged for at least 30 months this is something that castello de monsanto had done with their ilpogia bottling for decades anyway since it's got a tremendous track record of being a successful quality wine gilpogio is a very prominent vineyard and is actually the first vineyard that was featured from the cleonte classico region on the bottling it's a remarkable vineyard with extremely rocky soils when i was there i tasted a number of the different vintages of ilpogio including the 72 the 78 the 98 and the 2017 and it's extraordinarily age-worthy to my surprise they even turned me loose in the caves and let me select a bottle of the 72 which was a lot of fun 2016 in tuscany generally is an outstanding vintage and certainly for this particular bottling it's one that i highly recommend and the 2017 is excellent as well so the ilpogio chianti clasico from castella de monsanto is just an excellent wine for the price pretty much year in and year out but you definitely want to pay close attention to the 2016 in particular my seventh favorite red wine around 75 dollars a bottle is the ridge estate cabernet sauvignon ridge is an iconic california winery that has operations in both sonoma and the santa cruz mountain areas they have numerous excellent wines but my favorite wines from ridge are the cabernet-based wines from the montebello vineyard in the santa cruz mountains montebello is the more expensive and highly regarded bottling but this estate cabernet sauvignon is made from the grapes that don't make it into the montebello and is also a wine of excellent quality year in and year out and one that can be had for around 70 75 a bottle it's cabernet sauvignon dominant but it also has some merlot and petit verdeaux this is one that you'll likely need to purchase directly from the winery however as it's made in smaller quantities and i'm not sure that there's enough of it to make it to retail when coming up with these lists i try to identify wines from a variety of countries and also from different regions and so my next selection comes from a land down under my eighth favorite red wine around 75 a bottle is the hickenbotham truman cabernet sauvignon from mclaren vale australia mclaren vale is a highly regarded region in south australia this particular bottling comes from grapevines that were planted in 1971 and are thus around 50 years old it's 100 cabernet sauvignon it's aged in 75 new french oat it shows well young but it's capable of aging up to 15 years or more definitely a very very enjoyable cabernet sauvignon my ninth favorite red wine around 75 dollars a bottle is chateau gran pui la cost this is a fifth growth from the left bank of bordeaux and specifically from poya vineyards are planted to about 75 percent cabernet sauvignon 20 merlot and five percent petite verdeaux so while the assemblage will vary each particular year it will definitely be close to 75 cabernet sauvignon or so this estate was completely upgraded and overhauled about 15 years ago both in the winery and in the vineyards and that resulted in a tremendous quality improvement the 2009 and 2010 vintages for example are stellar and if you can pick those up i highly recommend them even though they'll definitely cost more than 75 a bottle this winery is in an excellent neighborhood as its neighbors are both ponte cane and lynch bosch which are also two of my favorite producers this is a classic and age-worthy wine and the last few vintages are all excellent and the 2020 can be purchased on futures for around 75 a bottle my next favorite wine around 75 dollars a bottle or so is the jabulae hermitage le meson blue this is another wine from the northern rhone region of france specifically the hermitage region this wine comes from vines that are located on the east side of the hermitage hill many of the most famous vineyards in hermitage are on the west side so with this one you get a little bit of a price break because the vineyard sources aren't quite as prestigious this wine is 100 syrah they use no more than 15 percent new oak so it's definitely one that's not overly oaky as a result it shows better young than many hermitage wines it's handled in the exact same way as the iconic la chapelle bottling it's full bodied dark powerful and opulent it's better with a few years of bottle age but it will have no trouble lasting 20 years or more if you're interested in bumping things up just a little bit and spending about a hundred dollars a bottle be sure to check out my favorite red wines at about a hundred dollars a bottle

  Top Comments:
  1. @VoltronSupremeCrypto [2 likes]: If your going to spend oved 50 dollars just go Amarone.
  2. @LegoDude389 [2 likes]: Great recs as usual. I’m searching now for the Château La Gaff. Interested in the ‘18. Keep up the good work!
  3. @breethewithme [2 likes]: Grand Puy Lacoste was the wine that gave me the Bordeaux bug. Fantastic stuff!
  4. @wren460 [2 likes]: Excellent video as always John.  I am enjoying this series of videos of favourite wines in different price points.  For $75 I find very difficult to find great Napa cabs as they usually start at $100 and to be honest the real deal starts at $150+.   Some of my fav $75 wines are : Duo De Conseillante 2016,  Chateau Le Prieuré,  La Pelle Napa cab,  Prado Enea,  among a few others. Keep up the good work !!!
  5. @ginazarcadoolasfoodandwine [2 likes]: Excellent wine recommendations, John. I love that you picked wines from different world regions. Chappellet produces outstanding wines, and I recognize some of the stunning views! Looks like you had a magnificent experience in Tuscany. I’m definitely saving this video for future reference. By the way, I follow you from two different accounts. Thank you for your dedication to the wine community! Cheers!
  6. @NaderAli-px8ir [1 likes]: Very nice pic super congratulations ❤🎉⭐✨ gift 🎁🧧
  7. @DavidMartin-rl1vs [1 likes]: John, have you tried Long Shadows Feather yet?  It is a Washington State Cab made by Randy Dunn and retails for around $70. I would love your thoughts on this wine since you've highlighted Dunn Vineyards Napa and Howell several times. Thanks and cheers!
  8. @HenryDuran-py1gb [1 likes]: when you make these videos do you list them in descending order ranking?
  9. @andyw5906 [1 likes]: Can you please comment on where you collect wines?
  10. @elliothm8370 [1 likes]: Sir, it will help a lot if you show a picture of the bottle right after you mention it.

Keep it up! Subscribed
  11. @eliasmarius [1 likes]: Love the content! One tip coming from an editor. Leave the transitions between shots out of it, they are very distracting. A jump cut is in my opinion better! If you use two cameras from different angles, you don’t have that problem at all because you can cut between the two which looks very natural. If that is not an option, just jump cut! Keep up the good work
  12. @funsvlog7954 [1 likes]: What do you think about caymus? It's 78$ from total wine.
  13. @Ruirspirul [1 likes]: good stuff! would be great to have a full list in a description though…
  14. @alexphelan4128 [1 likes]: Great video! I bought a case of the '16 Chappellet Signature because it's such a great vintage 🙂
  15. @neseturan629 [1 likes]: Thanks for this video, John! I've had the 2009 Saint Joseph  from E. Guigal and enjoyed it with a lamb shank. All great suggestions.  Definitely will try  those wines. I greatly appreciate your expertise, John! Cheers!
  16. @ronaldhonda2276 [1 likes]: Another brilliant video, Attorney Somme.  First time I watched your video, I subbed immediately.  I don’t to understand why people don’t hit that button.  There is so much to learn here.  Only wish I could sub twice.  By the way, is that the OWC of Convento Seleccion Toro Albala, Pedro Ximenez, 1946?
  17. @adranscyth1556 [1 likes]: puy lacoste got so much better the recent years,  few bottles bought from 2020 and 19, tastet de 1982 4 years ago and that was fantastic!, hope they can keep the level they are, love paulliac. greetings from the netherlands
  18. @surajbhat2604 [1 likes]: Great post John. Chappellet is a favorite for me in the list. Quite a credible list you got there. Cheers!🍷🍷
  19. @Level-42 [1 likes]: Thanks John, Great video and recommendations as always! I am familiar with a few, but picked up some great tips as well. Cheers 🍷🤩

- Intro to Wine for Everybody: Kind: captions Language: en You're supposed to call it, like, barn - or what was it called? Oh, yeah. Barnyard? Yeah, barnyard. Barnyard. If you smell - [laughter] Oh, wine. Anyway. Welcome back, friends - it's Anders. Today on the Anders Erickson Show we are going to be exploring wine! I actually got my start in wine&nbsp;when I was bartending - long before I discovered craft cocktails. So I do find it very interesting. I have a soft spot for wine. I would not say I'm&nbsp;an expert. This episode is an intro to wine, so that we can all have some wine because wine is&nbsp;not just for the elite. It's for the people! I am going to talk briefly on the history of wine,&nbsp; some wine facts, a little bit of wine knowledge. We'll touch on the difference between white and&nbsp;red - there's more to it than just the color. I'm going to introduce some of these bottles, bring Az&nbsp;on and we are going to crack them open, sip on them, talk about them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then I guess we'll do a sign&nbsp;off. [laugher] That's what's going to happen. I should say that this video is sponsored by Bright Cellars. If&nbsp;you've been watching my videos in the past, you&nbsp;may know that they've sponsored a couple videos before, and they've been awesome to work with. They are a monthly wine subscription. An online wine subscription. And what makes them so special is that you jump on, and you fill out a 30 second questionnaire - and it's all based on taste and things you like. Now based on those answers - which, there are no wrong answers - they start sending you&nbsp;bottles of wine. Your job is to drink it, and&nbsp;then rate them, and then the algorithm further&nbsp;fine-tunes what it is you like. And before&nbsp;long, you are drink the perfect bottle of wine for you! And if you don't know anything&nbsp;about wine, that's okay, because they send you&nbsp; corresponding cards with each bottle that&nbsp;tell you where it's from, flavor profiles, what food to pair it with. And, uh yeah, you can&nbsp;collect them, and then maybe we can talk about&nbsp;trading our Bright Cellars cards. This one's in&nbsp;mint condition - right here. One day these may be&nbsp;worth something. Knowledge! It's worth knowledge. Oh, and if you use my link down below, you will get&nbsp;50% off your first six bottle box of wine. So thank&nbsp;you Bright Cellars for making this video possible, and supplying the wines. If you're new to the&nbsp;channel, hit that subscribe button for more sips, tips, and recipes, and let's go explore the wide&nbsp;world of wine! To the bar. [whip sound] Now let's go have fun. [intro music] So what is wine? Wine is an alcoholic beverage that&nbsp; is made from fermented grape juice. Now, you can make wine from other fruits as well, but really the standard is grapes. Now, wine grapes are different than your standard table grapes. They're going to&nbsp;be a little bit smaller, they've got thicker skins, a lot of seeds, they tend to be pretty sweet. What happens when they ripen is the sugars in the grape&nbsp;become more concentrated, and it's those sugars&nbsp;that are going to turn into alcohol through the&nbsp;fermentation process. The yeast is going to eat up&nbsp;all those sugars and poop out alcohol. Because it takes an entire season for these grapes to be&nbsp;ready, there's really only one time a year that&nbsp;you're making wine from those grapes. This is why vintage is important. This one says 2020 - Pinot noir&nbsp;from 2020. That means, in the year 2020, they made&nbsp;this wine. It's going to be different than this&nbsp;same pinot noir made in 2019 or 2017. Every year, based on whatever happened in the climate - in the&nbsp;atmosphere, in the land - that's gonna affect the end&nbsp;result in the bottle. Now, you can blend vintages. In which case you would not put a year on there. A lot of bubbly wines - champagnes - they'll mix vintages. In which case they write "NV" which means non-vintage, and that is just because they are trying to&nbsp;create a more consistent product. And people that&nbsp;are really enthusiastic about wine - they will know&nbsp;what vintages, in what regions, were good vintages. Oh, yes - 1989 Châteauneuf-du-Pape is wonderful. That sounds pretty good, right? It's all these little&nbsp;things that are intimidating, but it doesn't have&nbsp;to be. Don't go crazy about making sure you&nbsp;have the best vintage - unless you want to. That can be fun. It might be a fun hobby, but I don't think you need to. What is a varietal? A varietal is the gape. So when you look at your bottle, and it says pinot noir, that's the grape that they're using to make that bottle of wine. However, it&nbsp;doesn't have to be 100% that grape. Now, every country is different. In the United States, I think it has to be 75% of that grape - except in Oregon&nbsp;State it has to be 90%. Now, if they don't meet that&nbsp;minimum, then it becomes a blend. This one here - this is a blend of two varietals. 60% sémillon, and 40% sauvignon blanc. So those are two different grape varietals that they blended together. Does that make sense? You all still with me? They all stem back to one varietal. I didn't even write that in my notes, I don't think, because I thought that's going a little too deep, but I did discover that when i was researching this video. I didn't - I didn't even write it down. The process of&nbsp;making wine. Now each step, everybody can kind of&nbsp;make their own tweaks to it. So that's why you get&nbsp;so many different wines. In general, it's a pretty basic system. You have your grapes - this is what the&nbsp;wine is all about. It comes from these little dots, and they grow, and they become ripe, and then they&nbsp;harvest them. You pick out all the bad ones because, you know, not all the grapes are going to be&nbsp;quite ready or some of them are going to be kind of nasty looking. You get rid of those&nbsp;- you take the good grapes, and then you crush&nbsp;them. This is where red wines and white wines&nbsp; take two separate paths. When making a red wine, they keep the skins with the juice. That's where the color comes from. The color doesn't come from the juice. It comes from the skins. So in the white wines, they remove the skins. Now, there's more to the skins than just color. You also get tannins. Tannins are the things that make wine tannic. And that's gonna cause the drying effect&nbsp; that sometimes you get with a bottle of red wine. Some of them can be really suck-your-face-dry,&nbsp; and that's because of the skins that are left&nbsp;on the grapes when they crush and press&nbsp;and they create what's called the must - and that is what's going to ferment. For the&nbsp;most part, they're going to be between 10 and 15% alcohol. It can only make so much alcohol. You're not gonna get a 90 proof bottle of wine. It just doesn't work that way. There is something called&nbsp;fortified wines, and they add more alcohol, but that's not what we're talking about today. At this point they clarify the wine to remove any bits of dead yeast cells or anything you just&nbsp;don't want in your bottle of wine, and then they can either bottle it straight away or they age it. That's going to alter the flavor. It's going to evolve over time. Sometimes they age it on oak&nbsp;- which means in an oak barrel, and that's going to&nbsp;draw flavors from the oak. I've got in my notes: How old is wine - question mark I'm asking myself the question. It's really old! Thousands of years old! Early civilizations had wine because the&nbsp;fermentation process happens naturally. So&nbsp;they probably just mashed up some grapes, set it off to the side, let nature do its thing, and then drank it. And either got really sick or had a good time. Where is wine made today? It's made all over the place! And there are two, kind of, very general categories as far as locale. You have your Old World wines, which is going to consist of Spain, France, Italy - Wines that have been&nbsp;doing it for, god - ever. Then you have your New World&nbsp;wines, which include North America, South America, Australia, South Africa, New Zealand. You name it. Pretty much anywhere else - that's a New World wine. Now, every place is going to make different wine&nbsp;&nbsp; for a number of reasons. The dirt is different, the&nbsp;weather is different, and this is another reason why wine can be intimidating. You may have a&nbsp;pinot noir from Burgundy, France, and you may&nbsp;have one from Oregon State in the United States. And they're very different. And you may love one, you may hate the other. And then you're like, "I don't know if I like pinot noir. I liked it one&nbsp;time!" And we don't know what this wine - we don't know what this is going to taste like next year. Nobody does! So don't worry - you don't know what's&nbsp;gonna happen in the future. I do think it's pretty&nbsp;impressive, though - those sommeliers. They're - they're&nbsp;actually really impressive. So, today we've got&nbsp;some fun bottles that we will be tasting. I hope, anyway. I've never tried any of these. I grabbed a couple varietals in both white and red so that we can experience the different characteristics. This is not even the tip of the iceberg, but it's enough for us to sit and talk about wine and have&nbsp;some fun. - Wine! And Az! Yes, hello! I am the designated normal person as always. In fact, I've been tasting so many things that maybe I've tasted more things than the normal person. Who knows? That's true. By this time. Well, you have experience serving. I do, yes. I was&nbsp;a waitress for a long time until, like, extremely&nbsp;recently. So I do ha - I did actually go through&nbsp; a tiny bit of wine training, but that was many&nbsp;years ago, and I found it to be really intimidating. You're going to blast through that glass ceiling. The "wine intimidation" ceiling. Yeah. We're gonna&nbsp;start with the Post Haste. This blend is from France. It's sémillon and sauvignon blanc. And these two are blended quite frequently. They complement&nbsp;each other. - Give it a swirl. That's&nbsp;going to release some of those aromatic compounds. A lot of people say look at the wine. You can figure out a lot of things by looking at the wine. I like to go right in for a sniff. Let's sniff it. - Mm - Mmmm So - what do you smell? This was really hard for me, but I'm just gonna go - I'm just gonna try. I'm gonna try. Mm-hmm There's some brightness - sort of citrusy-ness&nbsp;to it. Fresh - No? Is it not fresh? No, it's fresh. I don't know. I get kind of grapefruit. I also think they're&nbsp;kinda grassy. It smells refreshing like I want to drink it immediately - right now. - Cheers! Acidic. Yeah - really bright, very refreshing. I do get&nbsp;citrus. It actually is almost thirst-quenchingly&nbsp;refreshing. Grass, pink grapefruit, green apple - that's what I get on this. I get, like, melon. Ooh! That's common. Next! So now we've got a riesling. All right. From Washington State. From 2019. Riesling is fun because there are really&nbsp;dry rieslings, and there are also very sweet&nbsp;rieslings. This is a semi-sweet. It looks about the same color. Let's smell it. Different. Oh it is different! Ooh this is fun! It's not as bright. - Floral - this one's more like flowers. - More, sort of, sweet and embracing. Oh! - Much sweeter. - Really good though. - More texture. It's silky smooth - really soft. Really full. - That's good. - That's yummy! - I like it. Sometimes you're just&nbsp; in the mood for that, you know? - Yeah, this one - - I can totally drink this. - It's like almost like peaches. - Yeah! - Moving on! Oh, can I introduce the next bottle? Please. Well, this one's a chardonnay&nbsp;from 2019 called Wellfleet, and this one is from&nbsp;California. I like chardonnay, but thought I didn't&nbsp;for the longest time, and then I had one that was a French chardonnay, and it was outstanding. I loved&nbsp;it - I couldn't believe it was actually the same&nbsp;grape. And that's the difference about where you&nbsp;grow it, and how you age it. So I've now welcomed back in chardonnay. This is an unhooked chardonnay, New World - California. - Release the aromas. - Release the Kraken. - Ooh - Yeah. Hm! - Hmm - Kind of minerally. - Yes! - Yeah - Yes, minerally. - Yeah, it's not as fresh-smelling or&nbsp;sweet-smelling. It's not a bouquet of flowers or citrus branches. This is like you picked up a rock from the side of the ocean, and made a collection out of it. Good texture - it's creamy. I'm not as&nbsp;excited about this one. - Honestly - I don't hate it. No, I don't hate it. Maybe there's a bit of funkiness to it. - Yeah, there's a bit of funky. - Yeah. - Good call. There&nbsp;is still, kind of like, a butteriness to it. "Emits a lustrous opulence." I would like to be opulent. Now, like, waaay at the end I get almost like a sweet&nbsp;apple. - Onto the reds! - Next category - Red Wine. This&nbsp;is called Vanishing Act. I thought it was called&nbsp;Vanishing Cat, but it's Act. - Pinot noir from 2020.&nbsp; - From the Willamette Valley in Oregon State. Pinot noir tends to be a lighter varietal. Certainly has a following - probably because of the movie Sideways. - Don't know if you ever saw that. - Ohh! It was a big deal. Yeah I actually, I enjoyed the movie, but I do think that it did kind of help to support the wine&nbsp;snobbery. - Don't perpetuate wine snobbery. - Wine for the people. Talking about color here - it is noticeably lighter looking than the other two reds that we have. Right. It does have kind of, almost like, a&nbsp;blue tinge to it. - Oooh - Like a bluish purple. - Look at you&nbsp;go, art major. - That's right. - I get a couple things. - Yup. - I have almost like strawberry? - Oh, really? I also get something kind of funky like mushrooms. Yeah, I'm getting a lot of funk. Like, I'm getting some, like, FUNK. - Very woodsy. - Dirt maybe! - Yeah, maybe it's just dirt we're smelling. - It's dirt. - A fresh forest floor. That sounds like something a wine person would say. No, you can't call it poop. If you smell poop, I know that you're supposed to call it - Poo No! - You're supposed to call it, like, barn, or what was&nbsp;it called? - Oh, yeah, - Barnyard? - Yeah, barnyard. Barnyard. If you smell - [laughter] - Oh, wine. - Anyway. - All right, here we go. - How about a sip? - How about it? - Much lighter! - Bright barnyard. [laughter] Barnyard? Okay. I'm getting cheese, dude. It really is funky. - It is. - Like a cheese funk. Yeah. - I kinda like it. - No, it's not bad. - And it's - Obviously&nbsp;coming off of the whites - much more tannic, so it has this drying factor. - Next! - A sangiovese. - Sangiovese. This is an Italian red. I'm excited about this one. I learned to love Italian wines when I was there. Let's see if it's any good. Let's try it. I will say compared to the pinot noir, the color is not quite as exciting. - It's a redder red. It's like a bloody red. - It is kinda bloody red - It is! It is really a warmer red. - It's like rusty. Hmm. I'm smelling something. What do you smell? Help me out. A bit of perfume. Hmm - okay. - Like flowers - like roses. - Yeah, roses. That's good. - I smell roses. - I smell roses! - I also smell roses. - Yay! I smell a thing! - Tannic. - Yeah - really. I do get cherry, dirt - there's something dirty about it. I don't really know. This one's kind of hard for me because I feel like it's just sucking all the moisture out&nbsp;of my mouth. Let's go with pine.&nbsp; It is rustic. A fireplace after you've already lit a fire. - Ashes? - Ashes [laughter] - I don't know. It's yummy. - It's yummy. I'm confused by it, so that's probably a good sign. - Carry on. - On to the last. - On to the last! The&nbsp;Nihilist. Ending on a great note. This is a cabernet sauvignon from California. Cabernet is probably the&nbsp;most popular wine varietal. - Typically a bigger red. - Mm-hmm It's going to be a little bit heavier, it's going&nbsp;to have good texture, a lot of times it's aged on&nbsp;wood. I feel like this is going to be, like, the big bomb of a flavor. - Finale? - So that's why I wanted to end with this one. Looks similar&nbsp;to the last one. Maybe a little bit darker. Whoa! Wow. WHOA! Before I get any fruit or anything, I smell the wood. I smell vanilla, leather - I feel like I actually have to search for the fruit a little bit. Okay, well let's just taste it. - Whoa! It's rich. - It's a lot. - It's sweeter. - Yeah, it's sweeter than I thought it would be. Rich, dark fruits. Prunes. Prunes! - Prunes! - It tastes like prunes! It tastes like prunes! It does taste like prunes. Dried fruit. - I actually think it's not bad. It's&nbsp;probably not my first choice as far as reds - just&nbsp;because it's so heavy. - It's good. - Some people might like that though. - Some people might really like - in fact I know a lot of people really like those - - Some people like really big reds. big red, heavy-hitting. This smells like cat pee now. Yeah - that's something about sauvignon blanc. It isn't cat pee. - That riesling smells really good. - It's like caramelly, sugary, delicious. If you learned anything here today, that is awesome. [laughter] I learned a lot about myself, and what&nbsp;I like and what I don't like. - That's what's most&nbsp;important. - That's what IS most important! I would say explore, look for new bottles, find something you like, and then dig in deeper. Yeah, and grab some friends, have a little wine tasting. Thank you to&nbsp;Bright Cellars for providing these wines. Use my link down below to get 50% off your first six bottle box of wine. If you like this video, like, subscribe, share this with a friend, drink some wine, have fun. We'll see you next time. - Buh-bye. - Cheers. [music fades]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndersErickson [15 likes]: Hope this helps! What's your favorite varietal?
🍷 Bright Cellars (50% OFF) https://www.brightcellars.com/anders50 
🥃 Curiada (for the harder stuff) https://bit.ly/spiritsanders
  2. @ChampagneRouge [6 likes]: "Wine is not pretentious. People are " -unknown
  3. @chuckman217: All wine especially red wine just tastes like malt vinegar to me
  4. @colleenmolloy7715: Yay I smell a thing!😂
  5. @abard124: I’m just impressed that you managed to pronounce “Willamette” correctly despite inexplicably referring to Oregon as “Oregon State” three times
  6. @Palewise: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/XSAkXyc1mtM
  7. @stevedubs6480: Hey Angus, glad your website is doing well. But I miss you at Ward 8
  8. @Autobot6680: I'd love to see you explore Speak easys... like the handful in Vegas. (biz exp trip etc).  You exploring the drinks ,  using a template to evaluate the speak easy... meet the owners etc..
  9. @KarnumWoW: i loved the info. Maybe a bit more info on stuff like chardonnay that explains the common notes. of buttery vs oaky and how to tell them or explain. and what to pair them with.
  10. @godders991: Hahaha, poo and cat pee are things i regularly hope to smell when i open a nice bottle of wine
  11. @TheRealLeahFarley: As someone who was in the industry and then left for the better part of 20 years, I’m going back into a very high-end fine dining restaurant, and working my way up to the very lucrative position of server Captain. I don’t want to be just good enough, I want to exceed expectations because some of the other captains really aren’t at the level I would expect if I were dining there. I also have incredibly high expectations and don’t want to just fake my way through. I wanna know what I’m talking about CONFIDENTLY with anybody.

It feels somewhat intimidating because I was out of the game for so long, but you make it very accessible. It’s just information. It’s just understanding some basic components, but a lot of people make you feel like you’re an idiot for not knowing things that they didn’t know until they were taught. 

Thanks! Your approach is much appreciated!
  12. @RogerTheAlien33: Wine not have some wine?? See what I just did there?? 😌 AHIDHEUSHWUAHEUSHA
  13. @oliverlockhart807: For a person that doesn’t know wine, I did learn something today
  14. @rubelsisneros9637: The video is fun. But, as a person who's never liked wine, it didn't make me want to drink it. Especially the red wines.lol
  15. @cheesemower: I was gifted a bottle of chateau gazin pomerol 2001, from my birth year :D
  16. @farahkillion5713: Love me some barefoot 🦶 wines.
  17. @AccumbensNucleus: Not helpful. Seems a lot more like a course on how to pretend you know about wine, than actually teaching a novice about wine. 

Take out the word “intro” and title the video “intermediate”. Then I would say the video is OK.
  18. @L.C.Sweeney: "Pinot no-waur"
  19. @numanuma20: I don’t like bright cellars, they just have white label whines. I’m a wine geek and I can say you a doing a great job with, way better than How to Drink did with wine.
  20. @jeemoon1626: That roses call was mind blowing. You guys nailed it.

- How to start a wine cellar with Rudy von Strasser: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends rudy von strasser here in my wine cellar and i'd like to take a moment to talk to you about aging wines and what a better place to do it first of all it's important to know that as soon as a wine is put into the bottle aging starts and that aging is a series of chemical reactions now in a cold cellar and the reason people keep sellers cool is because those reactions happen slower and in a more controlled situation in a warm environment like on your kitchen counter where it's 85 degrees in texas those changes are going to go a lot faster so if you'd like to age wine if you plan on aging wine it's important to have temperature control also you need to know that bottle size matters if you look at this six liter bottle it's going to age much slower than a magnum or a 750 or even a little 375. so if you have 375s at home drink them sooner than you would drink a bigger bottle i want to talk about what happens in aging and i've drawn a little graph that i want to show you and this graph on the x-axis has time and on the y-axis has concentration and the red line i drew is what i call fruit characteristics and in a white wine fruit characteristics maybe um like in a riesling or an esophageal blanc be melons and peaches and apricots aromas like that in a red wine it may be strawberries brambles those aromas start out very high when a wine is very young over time those aromas start to go away and as the wine gets 15 20 years old there won't be any fruit aromas left or very very subtle fruit aromas the blue line i drew i marked as aged characteristics those start out at zero when a wine is young and over time they'll start to increase and the important thing with this graph is that at any time you drink this wine it's going to have very different characteristics as a young wine it's going to be mainly fruit and very little age characteristics at four or five six years old it'll have some fruit and it'll have some age characteristics um you know in the 10-year period it might have a little bit of both but the fruit is starting to go away and at 15 20 30 years there's not going to be much fruit left and a lot of age and the reason that's important is because the biggest variable in aging is what do you like is the consumer's preferences people who have sellers and drink old wines all the time are used to the characteristics that you get with age and those characteristics in a white wine might be things like butterscotch almonds old apple core in a red wine they may be more like coffee olives tobacco cassis things like that and someone who likes old wines and likes age characteristics is going to like that and not like young wines they're not going to really be very interested in the fruit someone who's used to drinking fruity young wines their whole life if you give them this bottle of chateau of the feed rothschild um 30 35 years old this may get a 98 from robert parker it may be worth a thousand dollars but if you give someone who drinks young red wines their whole life they're not going to like it so the biggest variable of all is what do you like is the consumer preference and that's important to know now what i would suggest if you want to figure out what you like is there's two ways one is to try to find a vertical of wine a vertical would be the same winery the same wine maybe the same vineyard designation three or four or five years in a row or three or four or five different years so if you're able to buy the same wine but in different vintages buy four or five different vintages have your friends over maybe put them in a bag put them in labeled glasses and do a tasting and compare them and see which ones you like see if you like old see how they've changed over time the other way is to buy a case of wine and every year open a bottle and see how those are changing and whether you like them and when you like them when my wife rita and i were married we got a case of bordeaux as a wedding present and we opened a bottle every year on our anniversary and it allowed us to reflect on the development of the wine as well as the development of our marriage anyway i hope this helps a little bit with the mysteries of wine aging and wine is a lot of fun and and have fun experimenting

  Top Comments:
  1. @cgimovieman [5 likes]: Step 1:  Have money.

Step 2:  Have more money.
  2. @lavenderblue5730 [2 likes]: I really enjoyed this video. Thank you
  3. @losfont5674 [2 likes]: Great video and great advice..  That graph was excellent insight.  Thank you!
  4. @HouseOfFeck [2 likes]: Enjoyable! Well designed cellar, thankyou for share ❤
  5. @nicolamullings7993 [2 likes]: A few good  points there sir, thank you.
  6. @andrewmuir3302 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Happy New year!
  7. @Cresendiz [1 likes]: Great video ty
  8. @CaptJMK [1 likes]: Just had your Diamond vineyard Cab for Thanksgiving, wow!
  9. @Smiding: Thanks for the video! I started building my cellar 5 years ago and I struggle to age my wines sufficiently so I took up on someones tip to buy cellar defenders! For me it's really fun looking for the hidden gems in the wine industry that tastes super well made and are age worthy but not at the price of a known bottle. For me around  $30-50 is the sweet spot for a "cellar defender"
  10. @Mark-qg8hm: First you get a cellar. Then you put wine in it. And that's a bingo!
  11. @JamieW-o7b: My secret to a good wine cellar, is to buy more than you drink!
  12. @rzkptgrgfz: I made some tests and my conclusion is that the wine stops aging when you drink it. I drew some charts with crayons 🖍️ and wore an ugly shirt, but the result remained in the same.
  13. @keithrichards-io5db: Thankyou. -the graph made sense
  14. @CastellodiAmorosa: We love it, Rudy!!!
  15. @JuanDavidHenaoLemos: Be careful because I bought a promotion of 6 bottles for $43 dollars, but after a month I was surprised to find that they were charging me a monthly fee of $40 dollars, something I never approved of.
  16. @atvguy4559: https://youtu.be/dUmWMSSzbuw?si=KAJUwNiMzUc-ffXK
Meanwhile the wine collapsed
  17. @Jommybutler1234: No ones counter is 85 degrees in Texas.  We have air conditioning too

- HOW to COLLECT WINE like a MASTER: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine and i often get the requests from you guys that you want to see what's in my cellar i'm not going to show you everything because that's private but today i want to show you how to build your own wine collection and how to correctly store your wine on top of that i'm going to show you some wines from my collection that you should get for your own seller too so let's dive in [Music] when i first got interested in one i did not have any money no space and i did not know enough in order to start collecting wine i usually bought my wine at the supermarket or at wine shops and opened the bottles on the same evening in the following years i could not start a collection either because i was moving from country to country was living in flats where i kept my wine in cupboards and under staircases when we bought this house one of the reasons i fell in love with it was the cellar it's cold dark and humid and therefore pretty much perfect for storing wine but you do not need a perfect seller in order to start your wine collection there's no official definition of what makes somebody a wine collector but my personal definition would be that a wine collector buys wines for the purpose of building a collection of wines she or he enjoys a wine collector therefore makes strategic long-term decisions when buying wines as opposed to just buying wines for the next dinner party but why should you build a wine collection the most important reason is that you always have wine at home for every occasion the second reason is that it's fun and it might be a great opportunity to connect with other collectors and the third reason is that wine appreciates in value over time so you might be able to buy a case of wine today and sell it at a profit in 10 years time in order to buy more wine i do not plan exactly which ones i'm going to buy each year but it makes a lot of sense to think a little bit about your approach which ones you're going to add to your collection obviously depends on your budget your space and your personal preferences you should buy ones that you and your guests like for sure but you should also have wines for different occasions at different price points and for different meals a good collector always has one at different maturity levels in his cellar you want to have ones that are too young ones that are just getting into their drinking window and ones that are right at their peak at the same time in your cellar part of collecting wine is also that you will always have some wine that are past their peak which is fine but you need to make sure that the number of bottles is as small as possible in order to taste the evolution of a wine in the bottle it makes sense to buy not just one bottle but maybe three or a whole case the ability of wine to age also depends on the storage location but which are the perfect conditions there's limited scientific research on this topic but most people would agree that a cold humid and dark area is best this might also be the case because traditionally wine was made and stored in cellars and we might have just grown accustomed to this storage location for our wine the short-term storage environment is not so important for the quality of a wine unless it's extremely hot or extremely cold otherwise all wines that are being sold at supermarkets or in wine shops or that are being transported during winter or summer would be damaged wine is not fresh fish it's pretty stable and fairly resistant to outside influences in order to find the right location you should look for the temperature the impact of sunlight and the humidity in that location the temperature is the most important factor is the speed of chemical reactions and therefore the aging process increases the warmer the temperatures get in a cellar that is at five degrees celsius once will mature slower than in the cellar that is at 15 degrees celsius but a slower maturation is not necessarily a great advantage especially when considering that most wines are being consumed before their peak genesis robinson puts the ideal storage temperature at between 10 and 15 degrees celsius i would go a little bit higher i would say 12 to 17 degrees celsius as this falls also into the ideal serving temperature for most high quality white wines and most red wines more important than the exact temperature is the consistency of the temperature when the temperature fluctuates the volume of the wine decreases and increases pushing and pulling air in and out of the bottle if you want to know more about this topic check out this video i'll link it up somewhere up there and you find out what the aromatic impact of storage conditions actually are sunlight is another factor uv rays can start reactions in the bottle that causes the wine to produce off flavors this is why most wines are filled into colored glass bottles and while reutera puts their clear glass crystal bottle into this yellow foil the other important factor is humidity most people would say that the humidity should be at 75 percent in order to make sure that the corks don't dry out i don't really believe in that because the bottle is filled with a liquid the wine should keep the cork moist enough in order for it to stay intact and protected from oxygen but if you have too much humidity in a room your labels might get damaged and you might not be able to identify the wine or resell the bottle for your seller you should get one of those devices that track the temperature and the humidity of the seller 24 7. if you don't have a seller you can always get one of those wine cabinets they are pretty much perfect as well they keep the same storage conditions all year round they're just a little bit more expensive and you obviously need electricity so which ones should you have in your collection you obviously need some wines for your immediate consumption but what makes a great collection a great collection are the ones that are meant to be aged age-worthy ones usually have one or more of the following characteristics they are high in acidity have high levels of tendons high levels of residual sugar are for marginal climates were fermented or matured in oak vessels and they come from really high level producers so let's have a look at a few of them one wine style that has to be part of every collection and that is often overlooked as an age-worthy one is champagne or high-end sparkling wines sparkling wines can age for a long long time this is also because of the co2 that is bound in the wine itself and they can get creamier richer and more textured over time so definitely store some champagne and keep it for a while before popping the cork obviously one of the greatest white wines that is meant to be aged is riesling if you have one of those big magnum bottles the wine will age even more slowly but the wines from prim for example they can last for decades and i bought this bottle of kuvy fridge emil from trimbak at a restaurant sale and it came at a pretty good price and these wines last forever over here in europe this wine is not so famous but the hunter valley semior especially the tyra's vat one is amazing as an age-worthy wine those wines keep for a long time they are very fresh very vibrant low in alcohol and they last a long long time sweet ones are a safe bet even if you're not going for the most high-end most high-profile producers but if you're going for great so turn great sweet wines from germany or this a tokai from a top producer you would have a wine that is ready to be served at your funeral you won't be able to enjoy it though when it comes to age where the red wines bordeaux is the great classic no matter whether you're going for the left bank or a right bank producer like chateau clinic from pomerol those wines can age for decades and in some cases old bordeaux is actually cheaper than the more recent vintages which is a bit silly but it's also a great opportunity for you to stock up on some mature red wine burgundy might not always appear like it's a great wine for aging but it can age gracefully and the wines get really velvety rich and luscious but you should definitely go for the better producers producing wines from the great sides like this grand cru from claude de vujo can be just beautiful if you put it away in the cellar when they're young they sometimes a bit too grippy a bit too harsh but all that gets more mellow and round with time and the wines get really really complex and are just as beautiful as great burgundies for example so definitely stock up on some of this i'm a sura lover so i really enjoy drinking h surahs they get really wild and meaty over time like this 2001 koto tea which is by the way wrapped in cling film in order to protect the label from mold but i'm not going to resell this bottle i'm definitely going to drink it and i will enjoy it fortified wines offer great value for money this bottle of madeira will last a century probably and this is a small bottle of vintage port i sometimes can't manage to drink a whole bottle of port i'm sorry and for those cases i use those small bottles because they will serve two to four people depending on how thirsty you are and they are great value for money too so this is something you should definitely have in your collection so thank you for watching from me and my friends here i hope you enjoyed this video if you did then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which is the bottle of wine that is in your cellar and that you are really waiting to open please comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty you

- Wine Storage for Beginners: 7 Easy Tips from a Professional: Kind: captions Language: en hey friends and wine lovers how are you I hope you're doing well welcome back and I'm really excited that the weather is starting to warm up out here this week I want to drop a quick tip on you novices to show you how to best store your wines which means now we're gonna have to go back inside alright let's go ok so one of the first things that I did when I got into drinking wine was I bought one of those cheapo racks and home goods and I brought it home and put it in my kitchen because that seemed like the right thing to do the right food and wine sort of made sense that's pretty much how most of us start storing our wine somewhere in the upstairs living space be it in the living room the dining room or even on top of the refrigerator in the kitchen as I began to learn more about wine as I studied more I realized that these are probably not the best places to be storing my wine so now we have to go to the basement I want to show you something so in a nutshell wine is an agricultural food product it's made of organic plant material which means it needs to be stored in a stable fashion the same way you would any produce or perishable food product so here's some of the main things you want to keep in mind when it comes to storing your wine first the temperature needs to be stable preferably cooler than warmer if you have a basement that's going to be best if you don't then look for storage space or a closet that fits the bill wherever you do store your wines the temperature shouldn't fluctuate more than 10 degrees that wide up and down swinging movement can really mess with a wine and this is why if you think about it storing your wines in your kitchen probably not a good idea there's a huge temperature fluctuation there especially if you're cooking and in the summertime too the second thing to keep in mind when storing your wines is that vibrations are really bad for wives especially at red wines believe it or not over time slight vibrations can actually cause the particles in a wine to separate and fall out so just be sure to keep your wines away from noisy air conditioners refrigerators heaters or any other object that will eventually shake the life out of them light is another killer of wine even through the bottle ultraviolet light can damage the organic materials in a wine and sunlight of course is a double whammy because you have ultraviolet light and heat so you're essentially cooking your wine and this is why I tend to avoid those wines that you see at the store sitting in the front window in the sunlight not a good idea why is with corks in them should be stored on their side so this way the cork always stays moist and remains tightly sealed another thing that's important proper wine storage is humidity very important a little harder to control but proper humidity keeps your corks from drying out from the outside of the bottle the ideal number you want to shoot for is 70% humidity but if you're not too anal about it a basement or crawlspace will suffice clines with screw caps don't need to be stored on their side but all the prior suggestions I made still apply you can actually save your rack space by standing these on their end on a shelf or on the floor and of course over time as you graduate up you may want to opt for a nice wine refrigerator with a humidifier this ensures more control it lets you store your wines at their serving temperature so all you need to do is pull them out when you're ready to serve them and the nicer refrigerators have dual zone settings so you can do one temperature for your whites and one temperature for your Reds by the way if you are looking for a nicer refrigerator like this one here you don't have to pay full price I got a little secret pro tip for you go to the wine enthusiast online store and they have a section there called scratch and dent and it's exactly what it sounds like they offer models that have little Nick's and beans in them refurbished models like the used models at a steep discount and the best part is that you can actually name your own price which is what I did for this one back here ok so there are some of the basics on how to properly store your wine of course the sky's the limit as far as your imagination and your budget are concerned but the essentials are pretty simple and anybody can do them no matter what their needs ok everybody thanks so much for joining me this week and learning a little something about how to properly store your wines I hope these videos help you out learning more about wine spirits and food please share your thoughts and comments with me down below and of course if you haven't already subscribed to my youtube channel that way you'll know when I make new videos or when I do updates take care of yourselves don't forget to drink something tasty today Cheers [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ΟδυσσεαςΔημος [3 likes]: Great Video.I have placed inside my wine cooler a little bowl with water for the humidity.Is that ok?
  2. @MintaDinatale [1 likes]: Hi Marc, thanks for the information!  Any advice on fridges/cabinets for the purposes of ageing wines (10+ years)?
  3. @tomusa1 [1 likes]: good job
  4. @adranscyth1556 [1 likes]: i tend to shake also, allmost all due to lack off wine consumption
  5. @felixckln7410 [1 likes]: Great video 🙌🏼
  6. @gurgisjones1120 [1 likes]: Another great video, with essential tips and learning. Thanks and cheers!
  7. @andobobani9871 [1 likes]: thank you so much , new subbie and will be checking out some wine coolers for my collection
  8. @jellibeens: Sparkling wine & champagne should be stored upright not on it's side. CO2 keeps the cork in good condition.
  9. @Ranmitita: Thanks for this video, just what I needed!!!
  10. @Lemons3457: It helped
  11. @yukozuna1130: I looked this up because I realized that for over a year now I’ve been obtaining box after box of wine and storing them in the basement. Some champagne, some white, some fruit, most red. My basement is nice and toasty all year long, especially in the winter, so now I’m trying to think where else I can keep them… 😬
  12. @Dracolu74: Greatttttttttt...thank uuu
  13. @cg3255: Thank you  🙏 easy and fast
  14. @RMD992-f2n: how much additional electricity cost does that wine fridge you have generate? must be a fortune.
  15. @jameshealy5567: Oops. I’ve been keeping my wine in my stomach
  16. @arnoldchadd: I'm looking at purchasing a wine cellar cooler and I'm conflicted in choosing single zone vs. multi.  I have mostly red wine in my collection and do not require the different temperatures for storage and certainly don't want to limit my ability to store reds.  Do you have a rule of thumb that you use related to storing reds in a dual zone unit? The reason I'm considering the dual zone unit is due to pricing being ~1/2 of a nicer single zone unit.
  17. @yuvrajkote5918: hi,
1.what is the optimal time to consume red wine when once opened?
2.what is optimal temperature range to store unopened red and white wine bottle?
and optimal temperature of wines after opened. 
3please make a video to explain the fact.
That,
bottles are transported in what temp means it is not important or they transport in fridge vehicles.
or normal ones
  18. @brosrcool: Very cool.
  19. @АлександрБолбат-ы1у: Well, looks like I'll have to leave wine storage to professionals.
  20. @adrianjewelry862: Should we add a moist sponge inside the wine cooler for reaching 70% humidity???