- Bordeaux Grapes - All About Bordeaux Blends + Whites from Bordeaux, France: Kind: captions Language: en this is a clip from our Bordeaux episode that explains all about the wines made in the region here we go the big deal in Bordeaux is blending and that's how most the wines here are made by blending different grapes together 100 variety of wines are pretty uncommon there are five grapes used in Bordeaux red wines and each lends a different characteristic to the wine they allow each wine maker to have a unique Style by blending the way that fits their personality like a painter does with the color palette as far as flavors go red Bordeaux to me is super distinct the soil lends to a Dusty graphite minerality that's really unique to Bordeaux I haven't found it elsewhere and personally it's my favorite part of the wine its fruit character is usually in black currant and Plum land and violets and herbs are common as well you even get a lot of Oak aging with red Bordeaux which provides Cedar and chocolate or sometimes cappuccino notes foreign so how do we compare the two sides of Bordeaux I like to say it's similar to Golden Retrievers versus Labradors both dogs both very similar but different enough that you probably have a preference between the two the Left Bank versus right Bank comparison is also similar to Napa versus Sonoma the Left Bank is a bit more famed the estate's a bit more Grand while the right bank is a little more rugged there's a lot more space and the wineries feel more like Farms let's start with the Left Bank which remember are our Cabernet Sauvignon based Blends the reason it's cab Saab is because the left Banks has well-draining Gravelly soils that the grape tends to like better these Blends are usually at least 60 percent Cabernet Sauvignon with Merlot playing second fiddle and Cabernet Franc Malbec and petite Verdo rounding out the back these wines are known for being tannic and Powerful capable of Aging for decades in the right vintages the right bank has clay soils which lent itself better to Merlot in fact Bordeaux as a whole makes about twice as much Merlot than it does Cabernet Sauvignon even though the Cab's sov tends to get more of the spotlight right Bank Blends are usually Merlot based with some Cabernet Franc they are known to be a bit softer as the tannin structure is a bit lower and the fruit character is a bit higher because of this they're usually more approachable younger [Music] if you were hoping for something other than red you're in luck because an increasing amount of wine coming out of Bordeaux is sparkling rose white and dessert however there are two historic types of wines worth paying special attention to the first being Bordeaux white Blends these are white wines made from blending Simeon and sauvignon blanc and fun fact sauvignon blanc is originally from Bordeaux these Blends are the Perfect combo of fresh fruity and acidic you get that fresh acidity from the sauvignon blanc that's rounded out by the smooth honeyed Simeon think lemon lime chamomile lemon curd grapefruit wet rocks and honey finally there's no way we can't talk about bordeaux's world famous dessert wines many of which come from Saturn these are semi-on-based but are affected by botrytus a type of fungus that removes the water content of The Grapes on the vine while leaving the sugar and thus producing super sweet wine the wines taste like honey ginger orange marmalade and Beeswax all in one delicious bottle they're honestly a life-changing lion experience and should be on every wino's bucket list foreign if you want to know more about Bordeaux make sure to check out our full Bordeaux episode and don't forget to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @andiledivinemfundisi9317 [1 likes]: Very helpful thanks
  2. @FriskaMelvaMarintan [1 likes]: Happy Easter 2024.
  3. @orragoren [1 likes]: Great video and very informative!

- Why French Wine Became the World’s Standard: Kind: captions Language: en Let's be honest, the French didn't invent wine, but we sure it made it sexy. Every second the world drinks 17 glasses of French wine. That's 200 glasses since you hit play something. So, what makes a bottle of Bordeaux or a glass of Burgundi so irresistible? Is it the terror, the tradition, or just the fancy accent? Stick around. Today, I will reveal the juicy secrets behind French wines worldwide obsessions. And yes, I keep it short so you don't finish the world bottle alone. Before we dive in, hit that subscribe button and ring the bell so you never miss a taste of France. For the history of wine, I'll hand it over to a specialist. He's going to tell us the story. >> France and wine. Basically an old love story with Roman emperors, medieval monks, and kings all having a glass too many. The Romans planted the first vines here over 2,000 years ago. And our ancestors used to drink up to 3 lers of wine per person per day. Back when alcohol was only around 8%. So it was more like grape juice with a kick. Monks perfected the art in their silent monasteries. Proof that good wine needs good patience and probably a lot of prayer. By the Middle Ages, every nobleman had a seller deeper than his moat. And by the time Louis the 14th ruled, French wine was already the royal drink because water was for peasants and diseases. Fast forward to today, and French wine is more than just a drink. It's a passport to our culture, our landscape, and our obsession with taking time to enjoy life. So what makes French wine so French? One word, there are. It's basically our excuse to charge more. H just kidding. Ter means the perfect combo of soil, clean, and tradition. It's why two vineyards next to each other can produce completely different wines. It's nature's plot twist. In France, we talk about regions like Bordeaux, Burgundy or razors and grab varieties. Elsewhere people say sira or shardon. Here we say kroi or shabi. Take bordo big bold reds. Burgundy delicate dinir that could break your heart and your wallet. Lal fresh whites that make you feel like you are picnicking in the vineyard even if you are on your cooch. Every region has its own flavor because every piece of land tells a different story. That's the magic. But let's not forget the humans. Without wine maker, it's just grab juice. In France, making wine is an art and a family drama. Generations based on secrets. when to harvest, how to h, when to taste, and when to stop tasting. You will find tiny family vineyards next to giant estates with castles, helicopters, and sellers bigger than my apartment. And speaking of sellers, did you know the most expensive bottle ever sold was a Romani 1945 at over $558,000. That's enough to buy a small chatau or at least a very serious wine fridge. One closure. We love our natural cokes. They brace, they pop, they crack. Real drama. Around the world, screw caps and synthetic cups are more common. One way maker joked, >> "Screw caps are reliable, but they'll never serenade you with that satisfying pop." >> And for aroma detectives, we have the name. Professionals woo can identify a wine's regent vintage and sometime the exact barn it slept in just by sniffing. Those are the real wizards of the wine world. Today, France is still the queen of wine exports. Over 12 billion dollars of wines leaves France every year. Half of that probably lands on Instagram before it lands on your glass. From New York to Tokyo, a bottle of French wine means sophistication, romance, and sometimes a bad hangover. Sure, we have competitions Italy, California, Australia, but when it comes to reputation, the French label still makes people pay more and sip slower. Fun fact, some top bottles get better with time. A fine Bordo can h 50 years or more, evolving flavors like a fine novel. Of course, there have been scandals, fake labels, wine fraud, barrel sunk at sea. But hey, heaven drama pairs well with wine, right? So next time you open a bottle of French wine, remember it's not just fermented graphs. It's thousand of years of traditions, nature secrets, and a bunch of stubborn farmers refusing to make life easier. Each glass is a small piece of France, a vineyard, a family, a long lunch in the sun. If you enjoy this taste of French culture, smash that like button and share with your friends. And of course, subscribe for more stories from the soil to the soul. And hey, next week we are swapping wine glasses for croissant. I'll see you for our next video all about French vi from dinner to breakfast. We will try to stay fun heaven without the booze s and see you there my foodies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OcéaneGiovannangelo: 👏 merci pour cette vidéo c’est passionnant
  2. @RaphaelleBathellier: Great video , learned a lot about French wine

- From Georgia To Bordeaux: 5 Minutes Wine History: Kind: captions Language: en Ever wondered how wine came to be? What's the&nbsp; story behind your favorite glass of Bordeaux or&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir? Let us transport you back in time&nbsp; to approximately eight thousand years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ancient land of Georgia. It was here, in&nbsp; the cradle of civilization, that the first known&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence of wine production was unearthed. Imagine&nbsp; the earliest vintners, experimenting with wild&nbsp;&nbsp; grapes, fermenting them into a heady brew that&nbsp; was likely shared in communal celebrations. From&nbsp;&nbsp; these humble beginnings, the art of winemaking&nbsp; spread like vines, reaching the verdant valleys&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Middle East and the fertile banks of the&nbsp; Nile in Egypt. Each culture added its own twist,&nbsp;&nbsp; refining the process, creating unique flavors&nbsp; and traditions that persist till today. As it&nbsp;&nbsp; flowed through the ages, wine became more than&nbsp; just a drink. It became a symbol of community,&nbsp;&nbsp; of celebration, of life itself. So, the next&nbsp; time you sip your wine, remember its deep-rooted&nbsp;&nbsp; origins dating back thousands of years. Did you know that the Romans played a significant&nbsp;&nbsp; role in the spread of wine across Europe? Indeed&nbsp; they did, and in more ways than one. Wine wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; just a beverage in Ancient Rome, but it was a&nbsp; cornerstone of their culture and religion. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was served at feasts, used in sacrifices, and even&nbsp; given as gifts. But it was the Roman's voracious&nbsp;&nbsp; appetite for expansion that truly allowed wine to&nbsp; become a global phenomenon. As they conquered new&nbsp;&nbsp; lands, they brought with them their passion for&nbsp; viticulture, planting vineyards from the shores&nbsp;&nbsp; of Spain to the fertile soils of France. These&nbsp; regions, previously unknown in the world of wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; flourished under Roman influence, eventually&nbsp; becoming renowned for their own unique wine&nbsp;&nbsp; styles. It was the Romans' innovative spirit and&nbsp; love for wine that helped cultivate an enduring&nbsp;&nbsp; legacy. From here, wine's journey continues,&nbsp; finding its way to the heart of France. The Romans&nbsp;&nbsp; had set the stage for the future of wine, and&nbsp; the world of viticulture would never be the same.&nbsp; Ever wonder why French wines, like Bordeaux and&nbsp; Pinot Noir, are so renowned worldwide? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a tale that takes us back to the Middle Ages,&nbsp; a time when the French were making strides in the&nbsp;&nbsp; world of wine that would forever change its&nbsp; history. In those days, the French began to&nbsp;&nbsp; understand the importance of 'terroir' -&nbsp; a French term that refers to the natural&nbsp;&nbsp; environment in which a specific wine is produced,&nbsp; including factors like the soil, topography, and&nbsp;&nbsp; climate. They realized that these elements could&nbsp; significantly influence the taste and quality of&nbsp;&nbsp; the wine, a concept that was revolutionary for&nbsp; its time. This understanding of terroir led to&nbsp;&nbsp; the establishment of vineyard estates, where the&nbsp; focus was on cultivating high-quality grapes that&nbsp;&nbsp; would reflect the unique characteristics&nbsp; of their terroir. These estates were often&nbsp;&nbsp; passed down through generations, preserving the&nbsp; knowledge and traditions of winemaking. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's take a little detour to two of the most&nbsp; famous wine regions in France - Bordeaux and&nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy. Bordeaux is known for its robust&nbsp; red wines, with its star player being the&nbsp;&nbsp; bold and full-bodied Bordeaux blend, a mix of&nbsp; Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. On the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy is home to the sophisticated and elegant&nbsp; Pinot Noir, a red grape variety that's notoriously&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to grow but produces some of the world's&nbsp; most coveted wines when treated with care. These&nbsp;&nbsp; regions have become synonymous with excellence&nbsp; in the wine world, largely due to their strict&nbsp;&nbsp; adherence to the principles of terroir and the&nbsp; meticulous attention to detail in their winemaking&nbsp;&nbsp; processes. Every bottle of Bordeaux or Pinot Noir&nbsp; tells a story of the land it comes from and the&nbsp;&nbsp; generations of winemakers who have dedicated&nbsp; their lives to perfecting their craft. And so,&nbsp;&nbsp; the French revolution of wine wasn't just&nbsp; about changing how wine was made. It was&nbsp;&nbsp; about understanding and respecting the&nbsp; intricate relationship between the land,&nbsp;&nbsp; the grape, and the winemaker, and using that&nbsp; knowledge to create wines that are as unique&nbsp;&nbsp; as the places they come from. And there you have&nbsp; it, the story behind your favorite French wines.&nbsp; But what about wine today? How has it evolved over&nbsp; the centuries? Fast forward to the present day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and wine is more than just a beloved beverage;&nbsp; it's a global industry. Modern winemaking&nbsp;&nbsp; techniques have revolutionized the way we produce,&nbsp; consume, and appreciate wine. Fermentation&nbsp;&nbsp; control, temperature regulation, and innovative&nbsp; harvesting methods have taken center stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that every bottle is a testament to&nbsp; craftsmanship and quality. Yet, even as wine&nbsp;&nbsp; continues to thrive, it's not without challenges.&nbsp; Climate change, for instance, poses a significant&nbsp;&nbsp; threat to vineyards worldwide. Changing weather&nbsp; patterns can affect grape yields and quality,&nbsp;&nbsp; forcing winemakers to adapt and innovate. As we&nbsp; move forward, sustainability and resilience will&nbsp;&nbsp; be key to preserving this age-old tradition.&nbsp; So, the next time you enjoy a glass of wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a moment to appreciate its rich history.&nbsp; From ancient Georgia to the vineyards of France,&nbsp;&nbsp; to your very own glass, every drop tells a story&nbsp; of tradition, innovation, and an unwavering love&nbsp;&nbsp; for the vine. So, what is your favorite wine? What&nbsp; is the most famous sort of wine in your country?&nbsp;&nbsp; Let us hear it in the comment section. And don't&nbsp; forget to subscribe for more interesting content!

  Top Comments:
  1. @OrionMagazine [2 likes]: Never knew it came from Georgia
  2. @marinaancevska77u7 [1 likes]: 🥂🥂🥂
  3. @RiddlePlanetZZ [1 likes]: Ohhh divine story
  4. @mandragor92 [1 likes]: cheers!
  5. @calmingbuddy [1 likes]: 🥂🥂
  6. @TechZing-q5b [1 likes]: 👋👋
  7. @PrivatniSpecijalizanti [1 likes]: 🤩🤩
  8. @HealthWonders360 [1 likes]: Interesting story
  9. @georgejoyner4693: "promosm" 🔥

- Bordeaux France | Wine Adventure: Discover the Heart of French Wine Excellence: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Bordeaux one of the most famous wine regions in the world is located in southwestern France renowned for its exceptional red white and sweet wines Bordeaux combines a rich history with diverse terar and great varieties let's explore what makes Bordeaux so unique by examining its key characteristics major sub regions grape varieties wine Styles ideal pairings and more characteristics of Bordeaux wines Bordeaux wines are known for their complexity balance and aging potential several factors contribute to these qualities climate Bordeaux enjoys a maritime climate with mild Winters and warm Summers this climate influenced by the nearby Atlantic Ocean and gironda estery moderates temperatures and provides ideal growing conditions for various grape varieties the Region's weather can be unpredictable with significant variations in temperature and rainfall which affects vintage quality the presence of the Esty helps to buffer extreme weather conditions creating a micro climate that is particularly favorable for viticulture terroir the diverse soils of Bordeaux including gravel clay and Limestone play a significant role in the unique flavor profiles of its wines each sub region benefits from specific soil types that enhance the characteristics of the gra grown there for instance the gravel soils of the Left Bank are excellent for cabinet Sor while the clay and Limestone soils of the right Bank favor Malo the diverse topography including Rolling Hills and River Banks further contributes to the variety of teras viticulture Bordeaux wine makers prioritize sustainable and traditional farming practices this Focus helps maintain the Region's reputation for producing highquality wines that reflect their teroa practices such as hand harvesting ing precise canopy management and careful Vineyard site selection are common additionally many Vineyards are adopting organic and biodynamic farming methods to enhance the health of the vines and the surrounding ecosystem major subon Bordeaux is divided into several sub regions each known for producing distinctive styles of wine Left Bank home to the medok and Graves the Left Bank is famous for its Cabernet s dominated Blends notable appellations include Pak Margo and sanjulian the medok sub region itself is subdivided into o medok and Bas medok with the former housing many of the prestigious Chateau the graves region particularly the pesak Leonor appalation is also renowned for its highquality red and white wines right Bank the right Bank including Santa milon and Pomo is known for Merlo dominated Blends these wines are typically softer and more approachable in their youth Santa meleon is also famous for its Limestone Plateau which contributes to the elegance and complexity of its wines pomerol though smaller and without a formal classification system produces some of the most sought-after and expensive wines in the world such as shatow Petrus entra situated between the gon and doona rivers this area produces primarily white wines from sovon Blanc semilong and muscadel the Region's name means between two Seas reflecting its location it's known for its refreshing and aromatic dry white wines as well as some red and sweet wines the area also produces crond de Bordeaux a sparkling wine made in the traditional method Saturn and Barac these sub regions are renowned for their sweet rot borria which concentrates the sugars and flavors in the grapes producing lusciously sweet wines iconic Estates like chatow dein set the standard for these luxurious wines major grape varieties bordeaux's diversity is reflected in its array of grape varieties red varieties cabinet Sor known for its structure tannins and aging potential this grape forms the backbone of many Left Bank wines Malo adds softness fruitiness and approachability particularly dominant in right Bank wines cabinet Fran provides aromatics finesse and complexity it plays a significant role in blending particularly in santon ptiv Vero contributes color tannins and some spice often used in small amounts to enhance Blends malbeck and carire use sparingly adding unique nuances to Blends malbeck is more prominent in C while carire is now primarily grown in Chile white varieties sovon Blanc offers freshness acidity and citrus notes used in both dry and sweet white wines semi adds body richness and honeyed flavors especially important in Sutten as and Barac muscadel contributes floral and grapy Aromas playing a minor but important role in Blends Bordeaux produces a range of wine Styles each with distinct characteristics red Bordeaux often known as Claret ranges from medium boded and fruity to full-bodied and tanic these wines often require aging to reach their full potential with top wines developing complexity and depth over decades the classification system including crew class a crew bis and others helps to indicate the quality and aging potential of these wines white bordeau is typically dry and crisp sh showcasing citrus green apple and floral notes some higher end whites are aged in Oak adding complexity and richness notable appellations for dry whites include Pac leono and Graves bordo Blanc can also be fresh and vibrant perfect for early consumption sweet Bordeaux like Saturn and Barac are renowned for their luscious sweetness balanced by vibrant acidity flavors include honey apricot and tropical fruits these wines can age for decades developing comp layers of flavor lesser known sweet wine appellations like Cadillac lupiac and S CA Mo also produce excellent examples to fully appreciate Bordeaux wines consider these ideal pairings red Bordeaux pairs wonderfully with grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or duck hard cheeses like age cheddar or comp also complement these wines well the tannins in the wine balance the fat and prot protein in the meat enhancing the overall dining experience white Bordeaux is best enjoyed with seafood poultry or creamy pasta dishes fresh goat cheese or Brie can enhance the Wine's flavors the acidity and freshness of the wine make it a perfect match for lighter more delicate dishes sweet Bordeaux should be savored with fuagra blue cheese or fruit-based desserts like tart tatan the sweetness of the wine contrast beautifully with the rich Savory flavors of fuagra and blue cheese or the sweetness of fruit desserts bordeaux's wine making history dates back to Roman times but it was during the 12th century under the rule of Elanor of aquatan and her marriage to Henry II of England that Bordeaux wines gained International prominence the Region's strategic location and access to the Atlantic allowed Bordeaux wines to be exported extensively particularly to England the 1855 classification of Bordeaux commissioned by Emperor Napoleon III categorized the top shadow of the medok and Graves with Shadow oon included this classification is still in use today and remains a benchmark for Quality the classifications range from Premier crew or first growth to senam crew or fifth growth additionally other classifications such as the S Emon classification and the crew Bourgeois in medok further indicate quality in recent years Bordeaux wine makers have embraced modern Technologies and sustainable practices to enhance quality and environmental stewardship climate change has posed challenges leading to adaptations in Vineyard management and wine making techniques some producers have experimented with new grape varieties and root stocks better suited to warmer conditions moreover Bordeaux has seen a Resurgence in interest in organic and biodynamic farming wineries like shatow Ponte can and chatow Palmer are leading the way in these practices reflecting a broader Trend towards sustainability in the wine industry Innovations such as Precision viticulture which uses data and Technology to optimize Vineyard management are also becoming more common Bordeaux is not just a wine region it is a significant economic driver for France the Region's wine industry supports thousands of jobs from yard workers to sell Masters and attracts millions of tourists annually the city of Bordeaux a UNESCO world heritage site boasts stunning architecture cultural landmarks and a vibrant food scene further enhancing its appeal as a Global Wine Capital the Bordeaux Wine Festival held every 2 years is one of the largest wine festivals in the world celebrating the Region's Rich wine making Heritage and attracting visitors from around the globe additionally the cite Duan a wine museum in Bordeaux City offers an immersive experience into the world of wine highlighting bordeaux's contribution to Wine culture in conclusion Bordeaux stands as a premier wine region offering a remarkable variety of wines that cater to diverse tastes by exploring its key characteristics sub regions grape varieties wine Styles and ideal pairings you can gain a deeper appreciation for bordeaux's rich wine making Heritage whether enjoying a robust red a crisp white or a decadent sweet wine Bordeaux consistently delivers a memorable experience for every wine lover the unique climate and teroa significantly contribute to the distinctive qualities of Bordeaux wines ensuring there is something to satisfy every pallet bordeaux's blend of tradition Innovation and Excellence solidifies its place as one of the world's most esteemed wine regions the Region's commitment to Quality sustainability and Innovation ensures that it will continue to produce world-class wines for generations to come

- Is Bordeaux Still Worth It? | Uncorked: A Cult Wines Podcast | Episode 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to the Cult Wines podcast. This is our first ever podcast and we thought about what we wanted to bring to you, our audience. And really the purpose of this podcast is an insidider look at the fine wine market. Um I'm joined today uh by two of my colleagues at Cult Wines, uh Joe Alam and Jonathan Stevenson. um who have respectively been based in in Asia in Hong Kong and for for Joe's perspective and for Jonathan uh in New York, North America. So, they're going to bring a really interesting perspective from an Asia and a North American perspective uh around the fine wine market. So, we hope you enjoy. We've got lots to talk about. Um there's a lot that's been going on in the fine wine market. Um and yeah, throughout the uh throughout this podcast, we're going to be getting stuck into, you know, what's really been happening and what's really driving the market at at the moment. So maybe I'll pass on to my guests today, Joe and Jonathan to uh introduce themselves. Um and as part of the introduction, I do actually have a question for both of you. Um you've both worked uh at Cult Wines in the wine industry for uh probably over 10 years each now roughly. Um when you introduce yourself, I want you to have a think about what's the most memorable trade um that you can remember in your career and maybe just talk a little bit around why it was so memorable. Yeah, I'll go first. Um yeah, so my name's Joe Alam. As Tom says, I've been based in Hong Kong for eight and a half years. Worked at car for 13 years. Um, so I think for me, I was trying to think about this. Um, I think the most memorable are some of the some of the Burgundy positions that we picked early doors and got in ahead of ahead of everyone else. So, um, some of the up and cominging producers, one being Lami Kayat, which is a a white wine producer, um, they were trading at really low prices and and it was kind of the the word in Hong Kong gets around about these new producers and, you know, the guys there, the collectors there are always trying to seek out the next big name and I got wind of this. Yeah. It's interesting you say that. So, you actually kind of think that particular example was actually driven from market intel in Hong Kong, for example. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. some people that I know that, you know, spend a lot a lot of time, a lot of money on drinking are really into it, keep their finger on the pulse. Yeah. And, uh, Lami Kayat started to build up a bit of a rep. Uh, we managed to get our hands on some. I mean, we're talking like really cheap in the context of of of, uh, other producers. And was it RE? Yeah, it was the the Borgoinne. Um, which again is amazing, right? To think that I mean, for for those that maybe aren't as educated about wine, a Borgin is the lowest entry level classification. It's effectively Chardonnay grapes from anywhere in Burgundy. Um, so the fact that you just named that as one of your most memorable trades, like people would immediately be thinking, you know, you can be saying something like a DRC or a GR crew or a classified Bordeaux growth. Um, so that's interesting in itself. Yeah, sure. I mean, you know, um, you have a lot with the with these kind of smaller boutique producers where the smaller wines can just get such a big such big attention because they they don't have a lot of vineyards to work with. So they put a lot of time and effort into those into those lower classifications of wines that they produce and you get the real style of the wine from those from those cheaper cheaper cues. But what happened we managed to get hold of allocation and prices just because it caught on their low production prices just accelerated in a really short space of time and you know talking you know 3 4 500% in some cases in in less than in less than 18 months. So that's pretty memorable uh to be honest with you. And then we had some obviously what was like the actual initial buy price for a burgy like just to make it relevant because I I was actually at an event a couple of days ago and I was speaking on a panel that had classic car person watches and one of the uh questions for the audience was around like what's the biggest barrier to entry and both watches and cars was was obviously money right because a classic car that's going to make a good return you're talking about millions right and I was like well actually with wine like some of the best examples like this it's kind of accessible to anyone so just interestingly do you remember what that entry point was for like the bogoy yeah I I think it was it was you know probably between 50 and £70 a bottle at the time. Um yeah. Um so yeah and then you know prices accelerated. The the pro the problem with with uh well the the good thing about these producers is they're producing such low quantity that as soon as the the they start to catch on the prices can really accelerate as these people look to chase around the wines. The the the downside of that is that we can't get enough stock. Yeah. Um but that's just that's part of the game. So some of those some of those sort of you know under the radar producers are always really satisfying to get and it's really satisfying when you catch one and they perform really well and part of obviously what we do is trying to look for those but yeah trying to trying to trying to stay ahead of the game. Yeah ahead of the game is not enough to go around. Yeah. Yeah. is uh um may maybe a good time to bring Jay into the conversation and uh yeah just just give us your perspective on your your your best trade and and from being in sort of North America and New York for the past few years your your perspective from sort of what drives the market over there. Yeah, for sure. So yeah, I'm Jonathan Stevenson um executive vice president over in in in in America. Um, just going to the trade first and foremost, I felt like given what Joe's just sort of discussed there around a burgundy pick, mine would be Chatau Cleo 2009, I think, just remembering back to that being probably my first vintage um, you know, selling on prem um, with cult wines and price point I believe was released at £600 per case and doubled in price overnight. And this was back when obviously there was more Parkerization. So Robert Parker, if you're not familiar, is the sort of what was the pre-minent wine critic of the market. Um he no longer, you know, no longer reviews wine. So even his 100 point scores we were talking about the other day actually they they've almost gained that sort of legendary status cuz they because you know they're now kind of baked in. They're never going to change. Yeah. Exactly. Didn't he have his nose insured for like 10 million $10 million? Million. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. So do you don't you? Exactly. Uh but yeah, no that just really stands out. I mean what essentially then back in in those days when Parker was scoring these wines um you know for good and bad I think there was a there was people like even uh Chat Lome they were kind of almost um lambasted for for sort of parkerizing their wines you know deliberately trying to make wines that they thought were going to get the 100 points which eventually they did I think in 2010. Um but yeah, the clean a effectively was given a 98 to or 96 to 98 plus point score in in barrel by Parker and we were kind of you know looking around the vintage trying to find you know it was a obviously a fantastic vintage but trying to find wines that were going to get that perfect 100 point score which Clea then did and off the back of it we saw you know a huge amount of of volume of trading after that which drove price I think to double in value over d really short space of time and I think what's really interesting nowadays and looking at obviously we'll come on to discuss this latest vintage. But I think even all of the the dynamics of the market at play now, I think, you know, there there is far better abilities even for us as a business and for our clients by proxy to be trading these opportunities a bit more short term as well. Right? I think back then it was a case of the market being more traditional in a sense of buying, you know, long-term lay it down. Whereas I think nowadays w with some of the you know the integrations we've made with liveex for instance I think the trading capabilities shortterm of those type of opportunities opportunities are really going to be quite interesting in terms of how the market starts to develop. Um and you know in in in the US it's it's been interesting to kind of see how wines are distributed. Um you know the three tier distribution I think leaves quite a few holes almost across the states in terms of where you can find the right stuff. Um I was at the Lapo dinner um over in uh in Chelsea, you know, a month or so ago and chatting to quite a few different distributors, retailers around um different parts of the states that I didn't quite realize had quite specific. And for those of the people who don't know what La Pool is, maybe you can just give a brief description because it's a quite ridiculous extravaganza of wine. So maybe just tell everyone a little bit about what what Lo is. one of the um yeah, one of the one of the better things you can attend as a as a as a wine lover. Um it's uh and this was this was their 50-y year celebration. So, it's uh what's known as the most luxurious BYO um dinner you can you can attend really. Um so, everyone is sort of expected, I guess, to bring a bottle or two um of their own wine to to to the to the dinner. There's a whole Has to be a certain standard, though. Has to be a certain standard. How many people were there for the for the dinner roughly? The whole dinner. I think there must have been at least sort of four or 500 people there. And was there anyone like good cooking the food? Amazing chefs from basically the who's who of chefs from New York. Like three star Michelin chefs cooking your food. The the food kept coming. What was the best wine you had? Best wine. I mean that was a really really tough call. I mean sat on our table was um Did you go and place yourself next to someone with the nicest bottle? body. You just you just kind of roll around with Did he have um Vincent? Yes, exactly that. That's what I was going to say. So, he was he, you know, sat on our table. Um really character characterful guy and and uh he was just rolling around at one point with a magnum of MR show. Um so enjoy uh 2017. Um yeah, it was amazing. Um probably probably the most memorable one of the night even though towards the end of the night it was a case of like mind sweeping. Uh and what did what did you bring? What did you take? Um yeah, so we took um a couple of really good bottles. Um my memory is escaping me. Yeah. Yeah. So we had um Bmar and I was one of three people at our table with different vintages of Bonar. So we ended up doing that um you know all alongside each other like like a mini vertical like a mini vertical which is you know you just when when would you ever get the the chance to do that and then you know just chasing that down casually with you know some domain l there was doojac I mean um just the amount of wines from a lot a lot of large format stuff as well which again is such a treat to you know to enjoy those. Um how I mean obviously all three of us have worked in one show for a long time now. Obviously, as I mentioned at the beginning, you two spent a lot more time in in in other markets outside of obviously kind of the UK and Europe where, you know, cult wine started and obviously where I spent most of my time. Um, how would you how would you describe the kind of difference of a US-based wine collector versus, you know, obviously your experience you've had over here in the UK and Europe. Is there a way that you can kind of define the typical US collector in a way? And then obviously back obviously to Joe asked the same question around sort of Asia and Hong Kong. Yeah, I think um it's a weird it strange transition regardless of just the wine business because you know they ultimately speak the same language, but it's actually very different in in quite a lot of ways. Um and the same I think is true of the the wine market there. I think there's there's a lot of uh you know further education that we want to try and employ there with uh with how the market is perceived. um the notions around storing wines um the nency almost of having wine stored in bond in the UK. You know, some of the bigger collectors are obviously familiar and and and do buy with um and have bought, you know, directly through, you know, European supply um and and have that storage function in the U in the UK, sorry. But I think for me the big next step for that market is to really see you know the benefits of having wine stored in the UK particularly surrounding you know tariffs obviously top of conversation in in most things at the moment but I think with regards to wine it actually should open up that thinking okay well if I actually have this auxiliary storage for my wine and only have the wines that I want to drink and want to show off in my house making up maybe 10% of what my actual total holdings are you know the the the essence of of of having wine stored in the UK is, you know, I think I think you mentioned earlier like the free tier system and I think it it it's just made the US market so fragmented. And I I found especially, you know, when you go to sort of Florida or or or maybe some of these other states outside of the the usual, you know, sort of hot beds for wine activity, let's say the top three is going to be kind of like LA, New York, Chicago, probably the most well established, well known. back when you go start places outside of that um whether it's like Arizona for example or or or like Texas or you know where there's big but like everyone's hyper localized I find in the US you know they cuz obviously the free tier system forces them into that you have this real hyperloc like localization of they buy they buy all their wines from this like local independent wine shop that's in Texas which kind of makes sense but also at the same time it kind of disconnects them from actually the world global market and what could be accessible to them. Yeah, exactly. And and you you see that very much where their their view and vision and patterns of buying, patterns of favoring certain wines is kind of really heavily guided by what they can access because otherwise otherwise they don't know what they can't access. So I think that's a big one for for us in terms of our expansions over there. I think, you know, now that we're able to bring our USD TTOC uh price list weekly, you know, when people take close look at that, you know, you can see how competitive we are on price. Even factoring this 10% tariff, which um is currently in existence, it it it still makes a hell of a lot of sense. And and it's not just the price, it's the access of some of these wines where, you know, if you go into those other states beyond New York, you incredibly hard to find these wines in in in local shops. And I'd say access is probably not an issue in in Hong Kong for wine. I mean, how would you describe the wine scene in in Hong Kong? I think Hong Kong is the best place, one of the best places in the world to drink wine. Yeah, I agree. You have the best you have the most selection. It's the cheapest if you cuz Hong Kong is very expensive from a rent perspective. So, if you go into a wine shop there, you're paying for the wine alongside the rent, but there's no duty and import. There's no taxes or duty. So if you buy from a from the UK or Europe and ship the wine over, you drink wines in Hong Kong for cheaper prices than you would in than you would in the UK. Yeah. And just the level of knowledge is exceptional. It's, you know, there's there's a few Hong Kong in particular obviously has a long history as a British colony. A lot of people have have been wine collectors there for decades. Really strong knowledge, really deep knowledge of bought from from UK merchants for a long time. And then you know you had the the the layer on top where China became really interested in wine about what around 2008 2009 when kind of when they abolished the taxes right. Yeah. It's funny because the the the person who is in charge of that legislation uh just happened to be one of the largest wine collectors in the world. So he he thought how do I I've got a 50 million pound collection and how am I going to help myself out here with my What was his official role? He was he was prime minister or he wasn't the chief executive is the right cuz it's obviously because it's a company. He was very business focused. Um and no he was he was in Henry Tang. Is that right? Henry Tang. Yeah. Henry Tang. So he has his sort of he has his own warehouse full of wines and he abolished import duty smart because he wanted to give China access to his own collection. And anyway so then then then China got really interested in wine. The level of knowledge growth over the last 15 years has been amazing. You come across these people that are so knowledgeable and because they come from well-means, you know, well-meaning family with with a lot of resources, they're so passionate about it. As soon as they're able to, they just go to the vineyards, they spend time with the wine makers, they spend time in the vineyards and and help with the wine making process. They come back and they just know everything about wine. Um, can I ask you a quick question? Sure. it. Is there like one general misunderstanding people have around the Asian Hong Kong wine market that you hear the most? Yeah, I mean I I could I could um tell you many many times if someone finds out that I work in the wine industry and it's in China and greater China and they think that every single person in Hong Kong and China only drinks red wine mixed with Coke. Like they actually do that. No, I've never seen that. I've actually never seen it. There was there was a there was a documentary a long time ago and um um and the uh yeah I think there was someone putting Coke in the wine and then I reckon it happened once and that story's now been like I know used by so many people. This this couldn't be further from the case because of what the education tried it. I mean maybe it's quite nice. Yeah. Well, actually the Spanish are well known for it, right? Calam should have done today. We should have we should have tried it. um go and get the Cokes. But you know, it's a misunderstanding one because obviously it's a trope and a generalization that goes around, but actually from your perspective, some of the most what? Experienced, knowledgeable, no unquestionably, some of the the most experienced, the most knowledgeable um the most important collectors around the world are based across Asia with the highest concentration of those in in Hong Kong and in in Hong Kong and China. It's interesting because I don't know how you guys find it, but I think people get addicted to Burgundy in particular. Yeah. Yeah. Because like you have a glass of Burgundy and like it's so it's like when it's amazing, you have this magical experience where you can't really describe what the wine smells or tastes like. You just know it's amazing. You know, it's that distinctive burgundy essence and then you can't remember what you can't remember what that experience was like. And then it's like chasing a dragon. They just chase it. Yeah. and they just chase it. And there's there's a there's a real sort of sizable crew of Burgundy drinks in particular across Hong Kong. The other thing I think about Burgundy and I think the other reason why collectors always end up gravitating towards it is because the the the kind of how deep you can go in Burgundy is like it's just unbelievable. Like you you could do it for 30 40 years and still not know everything about Burgundy. Yeah. And I you know it's not a criticism of Bordeaux for example, but Bordeaux it's very linear. There's only been one person making wine on the vineyard in Lefit Rashard in Puak for the last 250 years. It's the same company. Whereas in Burgundy, there's been multiple different people that have made mine re okay apart from it's a monopole. You know, it's a patchwork quilt and because of the firmage contracts and leases and they come up and they expire and you know, obviously La Romany for years was made by Bousard and suddenly the Leair family took it back over and now you got a completely different narrative and story because someone else has got their hands on this land is making wine from it and I know generational change. Yeah. Off camera we mentioned kind of Charles Lashau Lash but that's a great example like the the kind of history of Robert Aru under the Robert Aru domain and label and then obviously Charles Lash show's father Pascal Lash show took over and they had the Arnold Lash show label but you know he's now taken over again and it's it's gone in a completely different direction. It's like it's has a completely different reputation now. It's but it's so changeable and it's so dynamic and it's like you can always learn more and I think I don't know I find like a generalization for people that are really into their wine. I obviously get the kind of wine nerd wine geeky thing but they love that aspect of it as much as they do like tasting it and I think Burgundy out of all the regions is the only one that can keep giving you more in that regard. Yeah, definitely you kind of with evolving right as well. I think that was really what was fascinating at Lapo is to see, you know, not just Doojac but, uh, Gerardan, um, even in the room there, you know, multitude of younger generation wine makers and talking to all of them at different points in the evening was like fascinating to see where they're trying to take things, modernizing certain things, even down to like branding and and how they're going to distribute. Doojac, for instance, now is becoming much more synonymous with, you know, um, DJ Khaled. DJ DJ Khaled. Yeah, exactly. Um, you you kind of roll the dice a little bit with a bottle of Burgundy, don't you? It's just part of the magic. Part of the, you know, you have a bottle of B, you don't really have you ever had a bad demir? Uh, no. I mean, I had I did have a quite a disappointing experience where I opened with a a customer. I opened a um 2,000 CL of the RO excited and it was like I took it to this restaurant. They chose a restaurant and it was like a pretty grim Chinese restaurant with like a terrible terrible terrible terrible plastic chairs and I was like, "Do they have glasses?" Glasses and we had like little tumblers. Yeah. Uh which I can kind of ruin the wine a little bit. Yeah, that does ruin it a little bit. Um, so I love Reminds you of the film lost a few nights sleep over that one. I think reminds you of the film Sideways. Have you seen Sideways when he drinks a shovel blanc out the out the cup plaster cup? No, I haven't had a bad bottle of Lewis, but that's why they're the most expensive wines in the world because they consistently deliver all the time. But I have had bad bottles of Burgundy where you have a really high expectation for a bottle and it's it's Yeah, I mean for sure. And it's just you don't I mean you do get that with Bordeaux of course but you kind of know what kind you know what you're going to get because and with Bergen you kind of roll the dice a little bit and sometimes it's like life affirming and other times it's just it can be a little bit disappointed. They're bit they're a bit more temperamental. The way I think about it is kind of like if you had like a bandwidth and you have a high and a low limit. I think Bordeaux is like the low limit isn't as low as it can be with Burgundy in terms of disappointment. Yeah. But the high is just like Yeah. and and it kind of varies and obviously I think with Bordon the last 105 years they don't really even the current vintage that's being released 24 I mean the conditions are similar to 92 92 is a terrible vintage but they're going to make way better wines this year the wines are good quality like they don't they don't make bad wines anymore so you kind of have that consistency but those highs just for me don't compare to Burgundy and Burgundy is like the opposite the ranges you can go from that's true you do sometimes just have a border and it just go wow okay I'm back in yeah but every now and again every now and again you just come back in have age on it though, right? Yeah. I think also I think in the next decade for Bordeaux, it's massive. Um it's going to be really interesting to see this latest crop of probably 10 vintages because to your point they're just they're just streets ahead of you know all of these vintages really are in many ways in the way they're made like better than even like the 82s like those great vintages what they're now applying in terms of the viculture and things like that is which is why a lot of people now saying kind of 22 is going to be you know one of the greatest of all times and I think it you know that's that's what I mean the best thing about borde like you said is it's consistency It's obviously not approachable as young, albeit 24s sound like they're going to be quite ready to go straight out the bottle almost. Um, but that's just what's going to be really fascinating. I think these this straw in the barrel. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, exactly. Just take it. Yeah. Just roll a barrel home and put a straw in it. That's it. Um, no, it' be interesting. And yeah, I think um to your point though when you're talking about take, you know, taking a bit of a risk with Burgundy, one thing you shouldn't be taking a risk on is obviously where the wine has has has been sourced, right? And so going back to it's crazy how much of a difference that makes. That so that goes back to what I was saying, I think about this, you know, the mindset of of collectors more broadly in in the US is that what was I'm sorry, just to cut in. There's a phrase, isn't it? Like there's no such thing as a bad wine. There's only a bad bottle of wine. Yeah. And sorry to cut in, but I was just when you were saying that was that kind of the importance of the provenence and the condition can make such a massive difference. Massive difference. Um, and I think that's that's the other thing going back to sort of how wines are managed and understood and distributed there. You know, it only takes one, you know, because these Burgundies are in such rare supply. It only takes one or two bad cases that have been shipped over to, you know, a wine store on on the West Coast, for instance, and and been sat on the shelf there for for a number of months, years, and then for people to enjoy that as their only experience of that label, have a bad experience because the, you know, the provenence wasn't there. Yeah. And all of a sudden they probably turned off that producer, that vintage, maybe even that region. So yeah, just um particularly for Burgundy, as you're saying, there is that kind of riskreward factor anyway. Yeah. let alone throwing in additional risk of where it's coming from. So that's that's one thing to make sure you're aware of if Yeah. You don't want to drink a lot of burgundy that's been like left under someone's bed for a few years, do you? No, but you don't know if um I mean we we just to come away from Burgundy a little bit cuz obviously we we have sort of edged on to probably the thing that's most on trend in the in in the market today, which is Bordeau 2024 campaign kind of got away got underway very early. probably the earliest that I can recall. Um sort of mid to late April were the first couple of releases onto the market. Um Pon Taylor feet were the first kind of couple out the gate. Um obviously we've seen a few more since then. It feels like it's going to be a fast campaign. It's going to be a quick campaign. You know, with years come by, we were kind of waiting to the end of June for some wines to get released, which is quite painful for us who work in the the sales and the the commercial side of the industry waiting 2 or 3 months for these wines to actually finally come out. It doesn't look like we're going to have that this year. We touched on the the quality of course not the greatest conditions um but seemingly wines that have still been made that you know uh you know a good and and of a good quality. It's not going to be a great prime vintage. One of the things I think is one of the biggest misunderstandings people have about wine investment is you should only buy the best vintages to make returns. What's your thoughts on that? Yeah, I mean it's a it's a complete myth. I think if you particularly if we look at on premur um as a as as as as the sort of case case study if you actually look back at the performance of the um vintages over the last over the last you know 15 20 years the ones that have performed the best have always come out and they've not necessarily been the the ones that people have been most anticipated from a quality quality perspective and I think I always feel like the the estates are are so precious about their great vintage They're so cherished and they just want to make sure they completely maximize the value they get for them. Fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um, in some ways and so they're always released well priced. Off the top of your head, top three vintages by just pure performance returns. Um, well, since since we've been working in the industry, the 2013 2014 vintages were were very, very strong performance-wise. And you think the 13s are released, no one was interested. Everyone else in the rest of the trade was just like, "No, it's a terrible vintage." I remember looking at the Carowad score from Parker, which is a Lefit 779 779 and the tasting note was drink it up. I remember that one. Actually, if you look back, that was one of the best performing wines we've ever recommended from from her. And it was great because no one else was buying it and we bought all of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because we you look at it and think, well, that's affordable. It's a brand that's really strong. People are definitely going to buy that. And it's not the quality doesn't matter, but sometimes it actually doesn't because can you touch on any reason why you think that has often been the case that these off-prime vintages end up delivering better returns and and and maybe just kind of um talk about what you think the 20 24 vintage will do in that regard as well. Yeah. Yeah. So I think I think the the um firstly these wines are often more ready to drink earlier. So people are are going to open them sooner and the supply is going to come down. And then the other side is that they come up more affordable level and and quite often particularly with Bordeaux particularly in Asia which has been obviously a key market for selling these wires into they just want the brands. They're brand driven. they want to buy the cheapest available vintage for that particular brand. Doesn't really matter about the quality. Obviously, it does, but actually it doesn't always matter that that much. So, these wines get traded. The supply goes off the market much faster than other. It's interesting cuz it kind of is slightly at odds with something you said earlier, right, which is, you know, Hong Kong's probably got the most sophisticated collectors in the world who you'd think would be incredibly driven by qualitative measures, quality of vintage, etc. But then at the same time, Asia, the way that Asia buys labels first and foremost has created this opportunity for off-prime vintages to make good returns because there's probably I suppose the question I'm asking is is there a bifocation of the Asian market that kind of serves two different purposes, right? Yeah, there is. I mean, it's you know, it's a huge market if you if you incorporate China into that across the rest of Asia. I mean, you know, you've seen this firsthand over over the years when when when these wines are released, these these this this market really goes for them. And I think that there is a there is a tier because it's almost the and this is really a generalization but Bordeaux is almost the the gateway. You know people get into Bordeaux because it's the most famous region to buy. They start buying the big names. They get interested they go on that journey they learn easy to understand easy to understand more accessible. Yeah. You know is there any is there any nuance between like in my mind this might be completely wrong. Um, is it a case where Bordeaux is perhaps more readily drunk and consumed in restaurants than Burgundy? Well, I think it dep I think it depend I think they're both they're both um ubiquitous. I think France and Burgundy and Fr Bordeaux in particular have been really effective in Asia of marketing their wines and getting those wines on lists. But I think it's it's almost like a you get interested in Bordeaux. A lot of people come to wine drinking Bordeaux. They have that first experience, that sort of light bulb moment where they go, oh, actually, I like wine. Yeah. And then then they get into Bordeaux. They go on that journey and they discover that, oh, what's this? It's Burgundy. There's Italian wines. They go on that journey, but it's almost and Bordeaux is still the most famous. It's still the they still produce the most. And in China in particular, I think that Bordeaux is still king. Burgundy is getting a lot more popular amongst those afficionados, the the more experienced collectors, the more experienced consumers. But I think that Bordeaux is still the kind of bedrock. Yeah. Of the wines that people drink. And to your point around drinking on the restaurants in restaurants, I think people just like to have a bottle of something branded on the table. If it's Lefit Bay, you know, their guests understand that it's a good wine. You know, they understand that they spent a bit of money on them for their dinner. They're comfortable with it. Everyone everyone knows where they're dispelling the the myth of drinking wine with CocaCola. Um is that the case? Is it is it true that when you know someone has a really really good bottle they'll leave the bottle on the table as a showpiece? Uh well probably. I think sorry need to wet my whistle. Um I think like yeah I think they uh yeah I think most people do that. It's not but yeah I think it's just if you're having a dinner party having with friends in you know if you bring a bottle that the the guests will know is expensive that gives everyone else face. Yeah, that's a quite a big thing in in China Asia that just trying to circle back obviously on to EP then you know cuz the conversation really started with you know what what actually generates the best returns and we talking about offrime vintage you mentioned some and you know what what are the reasons and maybe the structure of the market now with Asia and and Hong Kong being quite dominant in in in that sort of wholesale trading of labels has created this opportunity that I know maybe back in the '9s and and early 2000s you probably wouldn't buy an off-prime vintage because there wasn't that obvious exit channel of, you know, there's just going to be buyers in the market. When this is physical, when this label is available to buyers as the cheapest vintage, there is going to be demand for that because they just want to have that label on the on on their list on, you know, be able to drink that and if they pay for the lowest price for it, that's that's where the demand will be. Um, so how do you think 24 sits um as an opportunity based upon the releases we've seen so far of the prices that have come out? Um, yeah, look, it's it's about price. I think the the wine market is a fairly low eb as as we sit here and speak and as the wines are being released. You know, it's been a challenging two years for the whole market. You know, Bordeaux negotiates are no different. Yeah. Um and there's an opportunity with Bordeaux for the estates to reinvigorate the market. You know, price the wines to sell, price them at compelling level so people do feel go compelled to buy when maybe they're not not feeling so uh motivated to do so. Um, and that in turn means that the end buyer gets a good price, a wine at a good price, and the whole chain benefits because we sell more wine, the negoti we we buy wine from the negot. Um, so I I guess every 10 years or so to my mind, you have this sort of this coming together of factors, which means that you do get a vintage that comes out at a compelling price level. And so I think that 24, it's a good vintage. It's almost irrelevant the quality. The wines are good enough. There's no bad wines made in Bordeaux anymore. It's about price now. Not every It's almost a relief really to not have the the pressure of the the pressure of a great vintage that just is just almost a reason or excuse to price high. Yeah, exactly. Um it's a good thing that the wines aren't aren't it's a good thing the vintage isn't a great vintage. I mean, I know it sounds counterintuitive, but it does mean that we're getting wines at really affordable prices and more and more volumes. More volume affordable prices and they're coming out quickly as well to your point. And it's like they're not really playing that sort of cat and mouse game of working out when their when their peers release their wines and what price they are. They're just going right I'm just going to get my wine out, get this over and done with. Yeah. Which I mean that every you remember how many times we sat around in in in this in the you know having been out to to taste and then come back and been like you say we want a quick campaign we want a cheap campaign. Yeah. And at least on both those fronts so far in a way. I mean obviously from us we're talking from like a commercial perspective but you know it does paralyze the market because you know we've spoken to other like producers from other regions. I remember obviously we work quite closely with um Rare Champagne and they were at one point a couple years ago they were talking about releasing you know the the the new vintage during the EP campaign in like June and we were just like no don't do that. That's literally the worst thing you could do because no one's going to care. Like it's just going to get forgotten about because everyone is focused on Bordeaux and until all the Bordeaux wines are out. That's what everyone is waiting for. That's what's everyone's working on. Yeah. Um but yeah, as you said, this year it's been a lot quicker, right? So, I mean, what's what's the reaction been from your perspective? What's your what's your professional take on where prices are? Do you think they've come down enough? Do they look attractive? The the slight issue that Bordeaux has is that a lot of their wines, the vintages on the market have come down in value um over the last two years. So, you know, I think the will is there from the estates to reduce prices and we've seen we've seen prices come down really mostly for the larger estates by between 25 and and 30% which is kind of where it needed to be. Yeah. But you know two sides well it's almost like the Yeah. So far it was a bit of an alarming start wasn't it with Ponte Kenno. Um not all states have fallen. Everyone has their own their own approach and you know it's not necessarily all about just making the wine sell this time. There's lots of things that go on in the background, but I think there have been we don't need we don't need every single release to work. It doesn't need to work from an onre that doesn't need to happen for an O on prem campaign to be successful. You just need a handful of estates that really work that provide that proper incentive to buy, you know, a proper traditional onrem purchase, which is you're buying an unfinished wine. You're providing liquidity to the estate essentially because it's a capital intensive process to make the wine. They can't sell it for 2 years. And in return for that in return you get a good price. I mean I think that's all I think that is true. But I actually read a really interesting post from James Miles at LiveX um this morning um and he was actually just talking about the economics of the problem that some of the classified growth have now which is we all know because of the boom in the wine market really over a 10-year period let's say from 09 to kind of the end of the pandemic um you know a lot of people spent a lot more money they've invested. So most classified growth, you know, they're probably employing 50, 60, 70 people, you know, what's their wage bill going to be just for for the operating of the of of the estate. Now, we know it's a lot of capital investment in terms of they're not paying for the for the land and all that, you know, the wine- making facilities, although they have spent a lot of money on that now and they're probably servicing loans which have now got higher interest rates. True. You know, up at four or 5%. But if you just look at the operating expenses for a winery, especially a classified growth, and you're saying they've got to have at least 50, 60, 70 people on payroll, and they're making 200,000 bottles, it's very easy to see how the minimum cost price for their wine is going to be 25,30, just minimum. That's the minimum cost about any other additional cost on top of that, marketing, distribution costs, and and other uh sort of one-off items. So then you think to yourself, well, okay, for for for the Lefits and the Mutons and the First Grows, you know, they've got a lot more margin to play with. So they can come out at much more attractive prices, which we've seen, right? So far, I think Chevro Blanc came out at the lowest price since 2004, but they can afford to do that cuz they're still coming out at 240. They've got the room to play. Let's say you're brand new crew. Yeah, you got less San Julian classified growth, their cost price for manufacturing is going to be a minimum of 2530 a bottle. Yeah. So if we look at branded crew and go well actually I can buy the 2017 for £400 a case which is £3540 a bottle I expect the 24 to be cheaper than that because otherwise what's my incentive they're going to have to price their wine at a level where arguably they might not be making any money and that's assuming that all 200,000 bottles of the Grand Van which we know is also not the case cuz some of it's going to go into the second wine which is even cheaper and that's also assuming they sell all the wine which they don't. Yeah. So in a weird way, the economics have now got to a point because of inflation, because of interest rates, because of increase cost of labor, which we know is obviously being a bit big big factor because of, you know, the inflation that everyone's been dealing with. I actually think that some of these estates are in a between a rock and a hard place because they haven't really got much choice. And also, if you think if you look at Monroes for example, right, they reduce their price by 36% comparison to last year. And it doesn't really work from a relative value perspective because the 06 the 08 the 21 has come down in price by so much that you look at that wine now and yeah I don't think it's quite as good as a 24 but it's £400 for a for and that's unbelievable value. It's just so you look at that and think and they're probably looking at thinking well we're we're falling into line here. We're reducing our cost significantly and we still probably won't sell out our wine and it's a well established second close right. It's like, yeah, you look at that as a buyer said, if you look all the way down to like the QPR end of things, um, from an investment standpoint, obviously, which is what what we look at as well, you have to factor then on the buying side, you know, the overhead of storage peranom, yeah, significantly into this type of return that we're trying to, you know, we're trying to find. So, I think to your point, there is a probably a bit of a standoff now at that end of the the Bordeaux market. there's some unbelievable value to be had in in in Bat vintages of some of these lesser growths. And I think the thing wine bord the thing that no one really talks about cuz everyone goes oh Bordo's expensive and you know you know the FT came out article I didn't think it was the greatest article I think was kind of misleading but it kind of leads with oh came out at this price le comes yes but as I mentioned Braner Drew you know these wines at that sort of end of the spectrum berke um you know Talbo you know these these wines Um, you know, you you go to California and you get how much are you going to be paying Salador for a Cabernet so you have any sort of respect or any sort of high like any sort of like 90 point and above place. I think you're spending a minimum of $100 probably. Yeah. And and I think people do that just almost blindly just by virtue of the fact it's Yeah. Whereas in Bordeaux like 30 $40 goes a long way. goes a long way in terms of quality, the prestige, that vintage stuff as well when you when you can get, you know, you can get stuff that has got some serious age to it and it's, you know, you're really not paying that much more. Probably I think one of the best value picks today in Bordeaux Shadow Canon 2017. Yeah, it's a it's it's a it's a gift. It's a it might insane. I mean across a few vintages was like £300 a six pack or something. So yeah sub like £260 for a six-ack of premier GR crew class AAA recently upgraded as well 2017 drinking drinking well now. I mean, great wine. Really, really good. Very good. One of the best wine makers in Bordeaux, Nicholas Alderabar. Um, yeah. I mean, this is the thing that no one talks about like in the grand scheme of things. Yes. The the highlight wines, you know, some ones we got here, Lefita Muton, they they'll take the headlines and, you know, should any wine be worth 300? Okay, that that's a different question. But I think actually today in the wine market, I think some of the best value wines in the world are are from Bordeaux. Genuinely do. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, agree with that. Mm- So I mean back to your question around is it an opportunity with with Enre. I think yes I think you know it is a market opportunity if you like because you know I think for someone looking to find value finding looking to buy wines that will be trading at higher price in the future I think we can confidently all of us hang our hat on some of the releases that have come out so far and think that wine is going to be more expensive in the future. You know £1,700 for a six-ack of Lefit. I mean any I think any Lefit that starts with a one for a six is something that you should buy. Yeah. A sub3 I mean any any per bottle price of starting with a two as well. Yeah. Exactly. Um and you know not even if you if you think there's better wines out there valuewise from a drinking perspective which there are because you know Le is a brand and you have to count into it. But if you're just looking for a play a purchase that is going to perform well then look it makes sense and there's been a few releases like that. I had an interesting chat yesterday with um with someone that was based in Florida and was talking about how he's now reaching the age where you know he was saying you know this could well be one of the last vintages I can buy to kind of enjoy and I was just discussing with him about the dynamics of what I think well the two things one one I think it's around 20% reduction in yields from last year right yeah um which meant obviously a bit more hyperfocused efforts from the wine makers in in their Grom van, making sure that they were super selective given the challenging conditions. Um, and I think what I just said to him is exactly what Joe mentioned there, which is looking at this particular vintage. What excites me and what we were discussing is that short-term element, you know, bringing in that secondary market trading capability as soon as, you know, bottling and maybe a few months worth of, you know, physical engagement in the secondary market, you can really start to think about trading this out and and not necessarily even having to approach this as a drinking vintage. It's it's a vehicle. We feel that with the right wines, you know, Lefit, um, Cheval Blancc made a really good effort as well for Price. I think there there's definitely going to be enough wines to go on that, um, and it will be interesting to see what they're like, right, as well when when, you know, when critics release tasting notes that are a lot of them are like as soon as soon as bottled, right? So, it'd be just really interesting to be able to approach cuz young Bordeaux, you want like that as well. Yeah, it's good for the market. Bordo needs that. It's almost like Bordeaux having, you know, what you mentioned earlier about Burgundy and how it's constantly having this kind of freshness, young vibrancy coming through the wine makers, generational stuff. I think this is a great vintage to see what Bordeaux is all about in a vintage that's not celebrated as one of the best ever. It is drinking really young. The alcohol levels are lower, much lower than typical. One of the things you touched on there was that conversation you had with someone who was talking about sort of generational um you know collector older and I think the be interesting just to touch on sort of kind of like the wine market today. You know that I'd say the generalization what you read about a lot in the media and the press is you know young people aren't drinking wine anymore especially obviously more towards Gen Z. You know what you know when these older collectors are now exiting the market who's who's who's there coming in behind to kind of support it. Um, and I think along that point, you know, we mentioned as well stuff like around sort of kind of Djac becoming famous because of DJ Khaled. We saw David Beckham celebrating his 50th birthday last week enjoying Patruse. And it seems to be a lot of kind of I think it's just an interesting topic to talk about which is kind of where do you individually see the state of the wine market when it comes to that next generation? Like is there a next generation coming along? What is the average age of the people you you're talking to or seeing collect these wines? and and are you positive about the future of the of of wine collectors and the and the age of wine collectors going forward or do you share the same sort of concerns that we read a lot about in the press? Yeah, I I mean it's it comes up you know almost every conversation I think people you know are very acutely aware of of that you know dynamic. Um look I think you know as as wine professionals I think we all you know need to continue to you know it it won't just happen for itself. I think you know there is this and it and it and it goes all the way back to the the very people making the wines like we're talking about now. I think Bordeaux need to to step up as a region a bit and and you know provide this kind of vibrancy to their market. Um I think the wine market certainly needs to be you know needs to be brought onto and impressed upon younger generations maybe more than it has been in the last decade. I think um you know certainly that's that's obviously our job as well to to do that and I think you know look at how we're you know navigating our own um new platforms you know Coltex for instance I think all of those things and the the way that wine is going to start to be traded more frequently and almost more reflective of of how people would trade other investments other other other sort of new markets I think that's what's going to take things forward that's what's going to capture the younger interest And whether it's the drinking of the wine or the investing in the wine or collection of the wine or the stories or you know all of that sort of flywheel effect of of that I think will really help. Um I think I think um people are drinking less. Yeah. I think that's like, you know, younger generations are maybe leaning away from that sort of certainly in the UK, that kind of heavy drinking culture seems to be disappearing. Not a disappearing note because it's the UK, but you know, I think it's less it's more normal to have young people that don't drink, but that doesn't mean that people won't drink wine. I think wine is almost a separate topic. So I think that fine wine within the wine categories. So I think I think almost fine wine is separate from the rest of the rest of the um alcohol category on wine. I think wine is it's an experience more than anything else. Exactly. And and and we know that younger people are spending more money on experiences for example rather than material things. So I think that that it's a nuance discussion because I think that people are drinking less but at the same time there's lots of reports around younger people being very into collecting things. Yeah. And you know this is a this is a collecting this is a collector's item you know and that's you tend to have people that pursue wine and build collections like collecting other things as well you know they're into art they're into things that they can touch and tangible and wine fits into that perfectly but so I think I think maybe the US and the UK that's very much aligned Asia is a different category you know in my experience being there the people that I speak to are all young and they've come to wine over the past 10 to 15 years I was going to say like out of everywhere Uh probably Asia trends the youngest in terms of Absolutely. Absolutely. And this this isn't a really old traditional product. Do you see that because of like the wealth transfer like the second generational Yeah. you know the first generation I mean I don't want to make any generalizations but first generation Chinese versus kind of the second generation who maybe been educated in Absolutely. You know that's kind of like the concentration of collectors. Absolutely. Yeah. And and um and look I don't think those people are going anywhere. You know they they've they've chosen to be into wine. um and they're not going to give that up. And I think there you do see a trend of of younger people coming. Why is why is that specific to that market? But I think you made a really good point around the marketing efforts of the estates themselves because it is quite fusty, right? you know, generally, I mean, I'm not saying you want to start, you know, marketing it with with like a really young vibe, but they could they could probably make some more efforts to try and speak to that generation and try and get let them know about wine and how and how wonderful it can be if you get into it. Yeah. Um, so yeah, I think I think there's more work that needs to be done, but I I I think it is quite a lazy commentary actually to think, oh, people are drinking less, cuz that's essentially where it comes from. People are drinking less. That means people aren't going to buy wine. I don't want to buy wine. Well, actually, it's a lot more nuanced than that. And as you say, farm wise is a slightly separate category. Yeah. And it's it's a bold person to vet to bet against the vice category, right? Oh, exactly. I mean, everyone needs a vice. Yeah. I mean, humans have gravitated, human civilization has gravitated towards vice for thousands of years. I don't see that suddenly changing. No. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. Um, but yeah, I think look, you know, innovation is having a play as well, right? You know, lots of areas are are being innovated and lots and they're bringing new people along for the journey. Whether that's a trading platform, whether that's innovative ways that you buy that you you do you know any trading platforms out there? Not that I can think of. There's this one called like CO F or something X. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. So I think that you know like those those uh Yeah. those kind of things are going to are going to open up a new audience. Yeah, it's just it's just a classic generalization, isn't it? That's the problem. It's when you la How many was there was it kind of quite old and fusty or was there a mix? It was a full suite, I would say. Yeah. It was a full suite of uh you know, mixture between obviously producers um yeah, some very old serious wine collectors and then a younger generation as well. I think it's all about access, isn't it really? thing as well. And it's just such a generalization when just to say a just young people. Okay. Well, what when when you say young, how are we defining that? When you say they're not really drinking as much, well, we're having to redefine that within just drinking full stop. I mean, like you said, fine wine is such a smaller part of that. Um, I always think to myself as well, like you need a certain level of obviously disposable income to buy these wines. And quite often when you're kind of in your early 20s, starting your career, you're not going to have the disposal income to, you know, buy these wines. So actually there's always like a correlation to age anyway just because of the the need to have a certain level of income to be able to buy more. Yeah. And then when you get a bit older and you start having more dinner parties for instance then you're more likely to want to have nicer wine at dinner parties. um that doesn't happen as a young I think there's a there's a cohort of buyers that you know people don't often talk about and I'm not saying it's institutional buyers but you know so if you want to build a large wine collection you know you have to kind of be interested in wine and if you're a family office you want to spend you know probably5 to10 million or whatever on building a really substantial wine collection we're talking the biggest collectors you kind of have to know about the market you have to know about the inefficiencies at the market has. But if you're a family office that likes the credentials of having a wine portfolio, but have kind of steered away from it because um the pricing you weren't sure on the accuracy of the pricing, the liquidity may not be may not be at the requisite level that fits in with the rest of your investment products that you focus on. But as the market develops and technology has a influence and helps people trade wine faster accuracy of the the data improves and you're thinking of these these larger investors that really can make a sizable difference to the overall revenue of the market each year that might start to align with what they're looking for. And then you have these people come in and and and look the the the wines that are produced around the world can't increase the w the best wines from around the world are the best wines. They will always be the best wines. So then these people come in and start chasing those wines as well. you can see us as you can see a scenario where the market starts to get really crowded. Yeah. And that just means one thing that prices unfortunately for drinkers but from an investor perspective uh fortunately you know we'll start to will start to increase. Um so yeah I think it's the picture for the wine market moving forward is really complex and nuance and it's not just about you know people aren't drinking anymore so wine wines aren't going to there's one more topic I wanted to to touch on which I think is you know massively a hot topic at the moment which is obviously around tariffs. um what impact have we seen the tariff situation have on the wine market so far um you know since they've been announced kind of March and April. Yeah. I mean obviously the initial um obviously you're based in US so this is very much Yeah. Yeah. The I mean the the first fear obviously after 200% Mr. Orange's first uh tweet Yeah. 200%. Um that would have been you know a disaster um to be honest. So I think that you know since then we've come a long way it feels like in only a few short weeks but um you know currently at 10% things seem like they're palatable. I mean ultimately that's really just in line with you know with with with the expectation. I think you think that 10% can be absorbed so North American buyers yeah we're still in the in the early throws of of it. I think there'll be a certain part of the market. I think we've talked about how, you know, if you if 10% at the sort of $300, $400 a bottle level, people that are buying those wines, they're probably going to just, you know, still buy them at that price. I think the that that sort of 50 $25 to $50 range maybe starts to get more problematic around, you know, the margins that are being taken at each tier of distribution and all of that stuff. So, um, it will be interesting over time to see how it shakes out. I mean, just, you know, from a personal standpoint, we've seen a number of really interesting trade uh transactions with the tariff applied. They just they just they just paid it. Yeah. Paid. How does it work? They just pay it when the when they when they when arrive. Uh well, effectively, yeah, I mean, we Yeah, they they pay it with their um on that last leg of the uh of the of the transfer. Yeah. Um 10% applied to the value of the of the wine. So, um, but yeah, seemingly didn't didn't stop those from They didn't send the boats back. No, no, no, thankfully not. Um, there's just a side of it that when in when the the tariffs are first being put and that people had orders on the water, there still apparently there's like huge um ships just ships announcement out the Chinese government has put an announcement out telling people not to dump their cargo in the sea. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People just like it's not worth it. It tastes too much. Just throw it throw it overboard. No way. Really? Yeah. Dreadful. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. But then Yeah. I mean, it's just, you know, the in our world, the tariffs are are the wine terrace, but obviously the terrace in there's loads of bottles of the feet in the sea. I know. The fish having a great time. Young people aren't drinking anymore. The fish are light as they should. Um but yeah, the it's not just the tariffs on wine obviously cuz the tariffs bigger picture obviously are affecting I feel that you know everyone's probably felt that the last few weeks um a bit of a a freeze a bit of a paralyzation of what to do when to do it working things out. I think that's I think for me that's been the biggest frustration cuz I think obviously we you mentioned it before 23 24 not not great years in terms of sort of market downturn we've been through kind of felt like we had a a bit of you know positivity to start off the year was it's not ne-shaped recovery but certainly felt like things were picking up again you know especially in Asia trade seemed to be picking up again where it hadn't really been active at all Chinese New Year obviously went went through pretty positively um as as a sales and so you know the biggest thing that you mentioned is, you know, it's just kind of taken the air out the balloon, you know, and I think from March and April, it's just a a lot of everyone just sitting on their hands saying, well, I'd rather just not make a decision cuz I just don't know. And I think that uncertainty is the biggest killer. The uncertainty is the biggest killer. And to a certain to a certain point, it's like if it's going to be 10%, which is what happened last time Trump was in power. It's not like we haven't been through this before. That's right. It was 20% last time and okay, that could still come in in July if they don't agree a deal with the EU. But you know we once it's there and it's certain right that's that's what it is you can deal with it and you can kind of work around that and I think actually that's just if there's going to be a tariff it's going to be 10 or 20 as you said it's not 200 200 would have been catastrophic the US is the biggest export market in the world for champagne €700 million who's replacing that demand and if champagne costs 200% more there's going to be no demand like it would have been catastrophic for certain categories bordo it's the biggest export market of course it's a massive player in in the global market for wine. So, as you said, it's kind of weird, I think, for us within wine because I think for every other category kind of like tariffs are coming and obviously it had a big impact on costs and margins, but in a way we were kind of relieved to be like, well, at least it's not 200%. Yeah, we can just be thrown in with everything else, not singled out. Yeah, exactly. Um, so yeah, it really has taken a bit of momentum away, but maybe, you know, we'll start seeing that pick up once we get a bit more certainty. I mean, have you seen much of an impact in in Asia? Obviously, we know the US dollar um fluctuations have probably had a bit of an impact. I know that's kind of turned around a little bit in recent weeks, but has that been the main currency is always uh always something that that obviously investors and buyers take very close note of. Um so, USD weakening the most it's ever weakened, I think, to start for the first quarter of a year. Um difficult because the market is essentially dominated in in GBP and euro. Um but I think you know the it's more of the uncertainty. I think the the trade tensions with between China and the US are damaging because again like you were saying it's uncertainty. People investors just don't like uncertainty. So sort of sitting on their hands waiting to see how things play out. But that means that liquidity dries up in the market. It's been the same across Asia. So I think that now there's clarification there. There's obviously progress being made on the trade deal. This is all positive for for the wine market. I think um and it's I think it's the same same same in Asia. And obviously the Chinese economy is incredibly important for the wine market. you know, how much of this how much of an impact has this had on the Chinese economy? Yeah. And it ability to kind of recover. Yeah. I think the the Chinese market from a wine perspective has been difficult and been slightly odd for the last 5 years because throughout the pandemic even though the economy was was doing well, you couldn't anyone get any wine in. It was sort of shut down. So that China weren't necessarily at full capacity then either. And then the economy slowed down since then and people have bought less wine and that's been really damaging for the market. There's no question about that. Particularly for Bordeaux and the upper end of the Burgundy market. So yeah, look, the wine market needs China back cuz it's just a huge liquidity pool. It's where a lot of these wines are consumed and people buy wine when they're feeling flush and I think that being squeezed elsewhere, whether it's their property portfolio or Do you think people in China are losing interest in fine wine? No, I'm I I'm have a very high conviction of that. They are absolutely not. Yeah. Um, I think it's uh I think it's just a case of belt tightening. You know, I think that it's not really a period where you I think if you're a wealthy person in China, you know, there they've been there's been a clampdown on outward spending and you know, obviously that was started with with when Jack Mah sort of made those comments at the the meeting with the central bank. his assets were frozen and a lot there's been a lot of capital flight outside of China and you know I think these guys have taken a bit more of a lower profile because they know that what can happen and I think that that's impacted the wine market. Yeah. Um so yeah I think it that does seem to be loosening and and and sort of freeing up um a little bit and the economy seems to be starting to turn the corner. I think that if there's a bit of clarification and a an agreement made with the US, then that's just going to be really positive because then people know where they are, know where they stand, and the economy can start getting back to a close, right? Well, that's what they say. Yeah. The negotiations seem to be going quite well. Fingers crossed. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, look, let's um let's wrap this up just with a few comments on the the wine that we were drinking today. Um which people have been able to see. Yeah. Um what were your impressions of the wine? Neither of you tried this before. This is the first time I've tried this. What do you think? First time I've had it. Yeah, I think it's really I think it's wonderful. Um, it's with New World Pino. Yeah, maybe we should explain. This is a Pinoir from from Australia. Um, it's a young wine maker called Joshua Cooper. Um, this is the Doug's Vineyard 2022 vintage. Um, yeah. Delicious. Delicious. Yeah. Juicy, fresh. Um, yeah. I think for for a New World Pino, it did have some of those kind of Burgundian characteristics to it. It wasn't it wasn't just like a really fruity light pen, which look I love obviously, but the the the some of the producers across Australia in particular. Some of them do manage they do manage to capture some of that old world old world style. Um but yeah, I was really impressed. Is it like a he take like a natural style? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like low intervention style which I think he kind of comes across. Yeah, definitely. But I think, you know, obviously the the sometimes the typical issue that some of these producers find in in places like Australia because of the warm climate is, you know, sometimes they become too ripe, too high alcohol. But this feels like it's been handled in a really nice uh nice way. It's not overpowering in terms of the alcohol level. Not sure. He knows he knows he knows what he's doing. Yeah. 13% alcohol, which is I wouldn't be surprised if he spent some time quite a lot of time in Burgundy. I think when you get to this this kind of style, you get all the best bits of an Australian wine because of the ripeness and you kind of that comes through and kind of the softness of the fruit. But then actually in a low intervention style that it's been made with higher acidity, you kind of still get a little bit of that freshness and that balance which I think is where you kind of like get notes or on ideas or suggestions of you know price point. Uh I think it's about 50 per bottle. Yeah, I'd say if you see that see that on a on a on a shelf definitely grab one. Yeah. Nice time of year for it as well. Yeah, very nice. Impressed. Absolutely. Okay, so I think we'll call that a wrap. Thanks very much for joining me today, Joe. Thanks very much, Jonathan. Hope you enjoyed yourself. Thank you. Thank you. Hope everyone enjoyed themselves at home. And also, thank you very much to our tireless marketing uh support, Alexa, who has been doing an incredible job behind the scenes uh helping us produce and make this podcast. We saved you a glass. Yeah, we saved you a small glass. Enjoy that. Enjoy. Um, if you want to find out more about the Cult Wines podcast, then uh we will be producing a series of these. So, make sure you keep an eye on our socials to learn about when the next episodes will be coming up. And yeah, we hope you enjoyed the show. I'm sure we enjoyed ourselves. So, yeah, hopefully we'll see you again soon. Chat. Thanks very much. Thanks, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ruirspirul [2 likes]: young people love collecting the cult wines but from Jura and trendy regions. “Bordeaux is for boomers” idiom stays.
  2. @remy182 [1 likes]: Great podcast
  3. @almatkinson [1 likes]: 🍷
  4. @jeremyquantrill4137: Chateau Canon is Grand Cru Class B, Figeac was upgraded to Class A at the last re-evaluation....lets hope Bordeaux has bottomed now...

- How to Buy Bordeaux Wines -  Best Value for Your Money: Kind: captions Language: en hi it's doing the sonic store welcome back to my channel today we're going to be learning about bordeaux and how to find some value bordeaux without breaking your bank let's get into bordeaux i think you have to learn about bordeaux in order to know how to buy the bargain and like get a good value bordeaux is famous for red wines and sweet wines but red wines is their baby they produce 90 percent red wines in bordeaux there are only six grapes that are allowed to be grown bordeaux is all about blends so of those six grapes most of the wines are a blend of a combination of those grapes there are some exceptions like petrus is a very famous bordeaux wine and it's made from 100 merlot i don't want to throw anyone under the bus but i had someone come up and talk to me and like low-key they were trying to like impress me with their wine knowledge she told me that she didn't like any blends and that she only liked single varietal wines and i was just like so you basically just told me that you don't like any bordeaux wines even though i've seen you drink bordeaux wines i was like i don't even know i don't even want to touch this i was like oh okay well you know bordeaux produces some of the best wines out there and they're blends honey when you talk about bordeaux you will hear a lot of the times left bank and right bank if you look at a map there are three rivers that kind of separate bordeaux and on the left is left bank and on the right is right big the importance of calling left bank and right bank is because of the soil types left bank has more stone and gravel soil which is better suited for cabernet sauvignon grapes the blend will be a higher percentage of cabernet sauvignon right bank has more of a clay based soil which is better suited for merlot grapes left bang the famous sub-regions are midok homeydoc and groves on the right bank st emilion and pomerol so let's get into classifications so left bank medoc in 1855 there was a classification they ranked these like 60 some odd chateaus from first growth to fifth growth since then these chateaus have held on to those rankings and based on those rankings that's how much you're gonna pay so as you go up the ranking it gets more pricey for instance like first growth there's only five chateaus that are in first group chateau luffy rothschild chateau mouton ross child la tour marco and hobrione so mirak has their first through fifth growth gross has 16 grand clue classes right bank saint emilion has a premier grand cru class a a and b and then grand cru class a now no no no now that we have gone through the basics let's get into the reality of how to find some value bordeaux so the first way that you can look for good value for a bordeaux is by looking at the vintage so just like with burgundy bordeaux like the vintage says a lot about the wine if it is a colder or the season had more rain then the wines are a little bit lighter softer and they don't have as good of aging potential for instance 2012 and 2013 burdos at the moment those are good to drink now a lot of uh wine stores if they still have them they're gonna try to get rid of them because those are ones that aren't gonna appreciate with time those could be good bargains for you know like a drink now wine i think i saw one at trader joe's like a saint emilion like 2012 for like 25 and i was like pretty shook i was like oh really trader joe's is getting into that you go to a store and you see your bordeaux's like 2013 2012 they're probably going to be a good value next is okay so 2018 was like a fantastic year at bordeaux honestly this is what i need to do i don't have any 2018s right now but i would probably buy some 2018 bordeauxs and then like keep them for a couple of years and that would also you know be a very good value because right now they're pretty young but as they age they're going to be getting more and more expensive and also tastes better number two is looking at lesser known regions just like in burgundy when you look at cote chalonnais and macaroni in bordeaux left bank is this track and movies there are six communions in homidoc and those are the two other communes that just don't have that name brand recognition but there are some producers and i'll list them down below that are pretty tasty the tannins can be kind of like in your face so you know that can benefit from aerating or you know aging you can get some pretty good value from that area on the right bank there's fronsac and kenon furnzak and the coats front sack and kind of fun sack those are merlot based they are like a little bit smoother and don't require as much aging the coats so those are also sub-regions around st emiliano and pomerol those are also merlot based and you know they're medium body juicy everyday drinking wines won't hurt the bank so those are also a great area to look for the third way to find some value wines are cru bourgeois wines so all the other wines that weren't ranked in the 1855 meet-up classifications were put into a crew bourgeois classification so crew bourgeois there are some very tasty grouper swash out there for twenty thirty dollars i'll list some producers down below this one is chateau gray sock midoc 2015 a pretty good year i bought this for 22. this is not a wine that i'm going to keep for 10 years or anything like that but i can drink it like now or within two years and it'll be pretty tasty not too bad for 22. and i got this this year so it's not like i've been holding on to this fourth way to save on lines are second labels don't get confused about super seconds because super seconds are basically second growth wines that people think are as good as first growth that's one way to get value they're like oh this is just as good as first growth but not as expensive because it just didn't get that ranking but we're still talking about hundreds of dollars here for me it's just like not where i'm at with my life so you know we're working there we're working there one day second labels are you know this is what it means a lot of first groves or a lot of like famous producers will have second labels i will preface that not all second labels are good wines because you know sometimes they are using like the worst grapes of their crop but like sometimes it's really just that they're using like younger vines or maybe it doesn't see as much new oak so they won't have as good of aging potential but there are some pretty good second label wines out there so this is a second label from priore lichon which is a fourth growth wine this went for around thirty dollars the fourth growth line goes for sixty dollars 2015 was a pretty fantastic year for margot this is similar to my other crew bourgeois i'm not going to keep it for 10 years but i think this is going to be very tasty starting next year i could probably drink it right now so that's kind of how i tackle bordeaux and not try to spend as much money if you are looking for wines that appreciate like in real value then you'd want to spend the big bucks because those do really appreciate as they get older but i would say these wines are more of like a bell curve and i think within like five to seven years is their peak and then after that they kind of deteriorate but that's perfectly fine for like i think most everyday consumers all right i hope i didn't scare you guys away i tried to add a little bit more info because you know i got some comments last time please comment down below if there's any other topics that you want me to cover hit that thumbs up button and subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already cheers you guys i don't have my glass but you know cheers and i will see you guys next time [Music] [Applause] my

  Top Comments:
  1. @frankkmallorca3230 [2 likes]: 25 seconds of video and I ran away.. Wine is something serious and seing a young girl moving hands and hair.. an simple talk  not for me... maybe I miss something clever but I do not think so.. bye
  2. @thomasbain9150 [2 likes]: Valley girl meets Bordeaux.
  3. @prccap [2 likes]: Super seconds have nothing to do with the “growth” a lot of super second come from 3rd 4th and 5th growths
  4. @15taliesin15 [1 likes]: A lot of great information!
  5. @darquoy: If you look at great value in Bordeaux you need to check the satellite appellations from Saint-Emilion: Côtes de Castillon (Eastern neighbourhood) and Côtes de Francs (Northern part) - also Lalande de Pomerol have similar terroirs like Pomerol (close to Petrus) for $20
  6. @michaelgourlay1746: maybe work on your French pronunciation!!
  7. @robrussell5329: Concern for vintages is completely ovlerblown.

Vintages mattered in the old days when vintners were at the mercy of Mother Nature for the quality of their wine, especially in European climates. Nowadays, not so much, thanks to modern winemaking technology. So much now is controlled, measured, adjusted, and blended with scientific precision.

The majority of Bordeaux is for every day drinking and is consumed within a few years or sooner, even by the French. Vintage variation is for those in the wine trade and the occasional serious aficionado.  Yes, it matters for the First Growths, etc., but readers of this channel will never buy those.
  8. @shaifulothman7442: Just found this vid.... Very2 useful tips and recommendations indeed. Thank you
  9. @Lioninthenight: You have a nice voice.
  10. @nicensleazy1892: Had a lovely bottle of Chateau Durfort-Vivens, Margaux yesterday with Christmas lunch.
  11. @TomJoad337: That was actually really good and informative video. Kudos for listing producers in the description
  12. @arthurdoctolero8813: Any thoughts about Demazel Bordeaux Superieur? I bought two 2018 bottles at a supermarket for less than PHP300 each ($6 or depends on the current exchange rate). 
For me, it’s bit strong but has a balanced taste.
  13. @allenkostner7056: Great vid. So I had  that last wine you showcased. It was a gran cru classe from Château Prieure Lichine , Margaux … 1978. That was one that appreciated, I’d say although I’m no somm. But I did subscribe.
  14. @RMD992-f2n: Bordeaux the most snobby and overrated wines
  15. @jonc.2560: Are u stoned? I mean in a good way...lol
  16. @westinbye: If I am looking for value I typically just avoid Bordeaux. Good wines but it feels like you pay for the name.
  17. @tbseow344: 5 First Growth. What about Petrus?
  18. @Kevin-li7go: Great video, how can I better assess all of this info at once when shopping at a wine store? I often get overwhelmed with all the choices in the "value range". Thanks
  19. @ngpohsheng581: Bullshit
  20. @MasqueradeDance1: She talks like she's high.

- Underrated BORDEAUX VALUES: Fourth Growth Bordeaux Wines (Wine Collecting): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'll be discussing the Bordeaux producers that were classified as fourth growths in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux Back In 1855 at the request of Napoleon III the French government ordered that the wines of Bordeaux be classified in advance of an exposition to be held in Paris this was so that the best French wines could be highlighted at the exposition the classification covered both the medoc and Gras so only the Left Bank Bordeaux producers were eligible for inclusion in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux the criteria for the classification was based largely on transaction prices over an extended period of time given the fact that the 1855 classification remains largely unchanged and is quite accurate especially at the high end even today it may surprise you that the classification was accomplished in only about two weeks in all there were 61 Bordeaux producers that were classified in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux and of these 61 producers 10 of them were classified as fourth growths while you oftentimes hear people say that a certain producer should either move up or down in the 1855 classification for the most part the fourth gross are largely where they should be one of them would probably drop and there's several of them that would probably move up a bit but not by much maybe to third growths for a few of them so for the most part they are where they should be another thing to note about the fourth growth producers is that half of them are from San Julian these are some of the best sources for Value in all of Bordeaux and in fact a number of the fourth growth producers are producing outstanding wine that flies under the radar a little bit so this is definitely a fertile source for bargain hunters is one of the smallest Bordeaux producers in San Julian it has only about 17 hectares of Vineyards these Vineyards are planted to 75 percent Cabernet Sauvignon 15 Merlot and 10 Cabernet Franc in many of the top Vines are around 50 years old these Vines are also located in an excellent neighborhood as many of them are located next to Duke and Chateau bechabelle sapierre made heavy investments in the cellars and in The Vineyards that began paying off with the 2005 vintage SO for this producer I would not look for anything older than 2005 and if you're looking for one with a bit of age on it I would definitely focus on 2009 and 2010 both of which were outstanding and if you're looking for a more recent vintage I would definitely focus on 2015 2016 and 2018 19 and 20. I checked and the wine Searcher average price is around 60 dollars for the 22 20 vintage so this is certainly an excellent value and this is definitely one of those high quality to price ratio wines that I was mentioning in the introduction and some Pierre is a wine that you can enjoy young with a healthy decant however it does get much better if you can wait about eight to ten years so certainly if you're able to find some of the 2009 and 2010 there should be in a prime drinking window right now and if you get the 2015 or 2016 you won't have too long to wait son Julian based Chateau talbo has one of the largest Vineyards in Bordeaux with an impressive 107 hectares of vines 102 of these hectares are dedicated to red wine interestingly these Vineyards are also located all in one block so they're not spread out in a number of parcels across the appellation as with many producers these Vineyards are planted to 67 percent Cabernet Sauvignon 27 Merlot four and a half percent petite Verdo and 1.5 percent cabernet from The Vineyard is also in an excellent area as it's located close to the Leo Hills tailboat produces about 25 000 cases of wine per year so you should be able to track some down without any difficulty unlike Saint Pierre this is one that has a reputation for aging well also so it may be worth taking a flyer on some older vintages in 2016 however talbo completed a complete renovation of the seller and they also began to make some changes in the vineyard that have resulted in improvements in the wine for example they're harvesting later they're using a more strict selection and they're reducing yields consequently my recommendation is to focus on some of the more recent vintages for talbo such as 2018 2019 and 2020 as but one example the 2019 talbo was the number four wine spectator wine of the year in the top 100 Wines and this impressive wine had a 95 Point score and sold for only around 65 dollars a bottle well this one may be hard to track down 2018 and 2020 were certainly very close if not equal in terms of quality so you should definitely be able to find one of those if you can't find the 2019. for those of you who lack patience and I know a lot of my viewers fit that description you'll be pleased to note that this is a wine you can enjoy when it's young with a healthy decant and preferably some food but it is better if you can give it seven to eight years of age and in top vintages it would be better to give it a 10 to 12 or so son Julian based Bruner du crew traces its roots all the way back to 1680. at that time it was part of the very very large bechavel estate bishopville's owner died at that time however and some of the property was sold off to pay off his debts and so several new Estates were created including Rainier de crew Bernier de crew has about 60 hectares of Vineyards The Vines averaged 35 years of age and The Vineyards are planted to 65 Cabernet Sauvignon 28 Merlot four percent Petit verdeaux and 3 percent Cabernet francu crew is a family-owned business the family that owns it acquired it back in 1988 and following the acquisition they made substantial improvements in the winery and in The Vineyards these Investments paid off handsomely beginning with the 2000 vintage it's the 2000 vintage Bernard de crew has been one of the very best values in all of San Julian which is an appellation that's known for Value the 2020 for example was selling for an average of fifty dollars a bottle through a wine Searcher search which is certainly an exceptional value for wine of this caliber better still this producer makes about 25 000 cases of this wine per year so you should be able to locate it easily this is a wine that's been so consistent you don't really need to worry too much about vintage however you still can't go wrong buying standout vintages like 2009 and 10 and 2015 16 18 19 and 20. this is a wine that's a bit more approachable than many fourth growth Bordeaux producers because it has a little bit of Elegance and freshness to it nevertheless it is still better with seven to eight years of additional bottle age and will probably Peak a few years after that located in poya Chateau Duart Milo was acquired by the Rothschild family in the early 1960s at that time the estate was in disarray for the next 30 years or so the Rothschild family embarked on a radical overhaul of The Vineyards and the sellers today duhart Mion has 76 hectares of Vineyards that are planted to two-thirds Cabernet Sauvignon and one-third Merlot this is one of the very few classified growths that has just two Bordeaux varieties in their blend these Vineyards are located in Northern poyak close to Mouton Rothschild they face North and so it's a little bit cooler here that helps to explain the higher percentage of merlil for a poyak based Winery this is another producer that it's hit its stride more recently and so if you're looking for an older vintage I would probably go to 2009 and 2010 this producer had a big increase in quality beginning with 2018 and so you certainly can't go wrong with 2018 and 19 but then beginning with the 2020 vintage they also completed a renovation in the cellar and they have some new winemaking equipment this new winemaking equipment allows them to identify on a partial by parcel basis and this is all the rage and Bordeaux currently and what the top producers are doing so certainly for 2020 you can tell a little bit more Precision in the wine and I would expect that there'd be another big quality jump going forward and this producers wines for 2020 sell for around 85 dollars a bottle due to the relatively high percentage of merlot in this wine you can enjoy this one on the younger side but it's better with at least eight to ten years of bottle age is probably the most obscure fourth growth Bordeaux producer in part due to its small size they produce only around 5 000 cases of wine per year this producer has about 10 hectares of vines that are planted to 60 Cabernet Sauvignon 30 Merlot and 10 Cabernet Franc The Vines average and impressive 50 years of age most of the time on this channel what I'm discussing a y and it's a wine that I've tasted before and have personal experience with in this case however I have never tasted Chateau pougie based on my research however I understand that the scores are typically in the high 80s so not quite to the 90 point threshold as such it's a little bit under the radar and less heralded than many of the fourth growth Bordeaux producers but the price is also correspondingly lower and I found the 2020 vintage selling for an average price of around 37 per bottle on wine Searcher if any of you have any experience tasting Chateau pougie I would welcome your thoughts in the comments below located in the omedog city carne was purchased by Bernard McGray back in 1999. amazingly he improved the size of The Vineyards from 44 hectares to an impressive 190 hectares today this is now one of the largest Vineyard Holdings in all of Bordeaux The Vineyards are fairly close to some of the top Estates in Saint Julion unusually for a Left Bank producer The Vineyard is planted to 56 Merlot then there's only 39 percent Cabernet Sauvignon four percent Cabernet Franc and one percent petite verdot 80 to 90 percent of the wine matures and 60 new French hope and the rest matures in clay amphora there's also a special Cuvee called servitude volunteer this special coupé is made in very small amounts only about 500 cases or so per year and it sold only in Bernard mcgray's retail stores in Bordeaux in Paris the Tua carne has been a fairly consistent producer over the years but unless you can find a 2009 vintage you're probably better off buying a vintage from 2018 2019 or 2020. I found this one's selling for only about 33 dollars a bottle so it's definitely got a friendly price point as well if you're interested in wine recommendations wine collecting strategies and learning more about wine please do subscribe to my channel I've been collecting wine for more than 15 years and also have a level 4 diploma from the WSET so I have both formal certification as well as substantial practical Knowledge from the School of Hard Knocks located inside a Steph Chateau lafon Roche has about 41 hectares of Vineyards that are planted to 57 Cabernet Sauvignon 37 Merlot four percent Petit verdot and two percent cabernet from The Vines average 37 years of age but they have some impressive Old Vine Merlot that's 80 years old The Vineyards for lafon Roche are in a high-class neighborhood as their neighbors include Chateau Lafayette Rothschild and Costa Store now they finished an overhaul of The Vineyards about six to seven years ago and this Improvement in The Vineyards has paid dividends as the 2015 through 2020 vintages are exceptional my personal favorite is 2020 and the weakest of those is probably 2017 but you really can't go wrong with any of them better still this is a producer that you can enjoy within the first 10 years after it's released although I would probably give it at least a few years of additional bottle age before you start digging in Margo based Prairie Lachine was acquired by a negotiant back in 1999 and they have subsequently replanted most of their Vineyards and implemented sustainable farming practices this producer has around 78 hectares of Vineyards but they're scattered all over Bordeaux in about 150 different Parcels so the quality may vary they do have around 50 percent Cabernet Sauvignon 45 Merlot and about 5 petite Verdo They removed all the Cabernet Franc so they no longer have that in their blends this wine per year this is one that's generally better with at least eight to ten years of additional bottle age on it this is another producer where you don't want to go back too far when it comes to buying back old vintages I would probably not buy anything older than 2015 and certainly a 2018 2019 and 2020 are very strong as well in terms of price I've seen this one selling for a little bit more than forty dollars a bottle but you can sometimes get it for less than that if you look for futures Margo based Marquis deuterem is a historic producer that traces its roots way back to the 1600s and in fact it was well known in the 1700s and even mentioned in the Diaries of President Thomas Jefferson Waki deuterum completed an overhaul of its Sellers and winemaking facilities in 2009 it has 40 to 60 Cabernet Sauvignon 33 Merlot and seven percent petite verdeaux The Vines average around 35 years of age or so The Vineyards are located fairly close to prominent producer razon segla Marquis deuteron was certified organic in 2017. it uses somewhere between one-third to one-half new French Oak to mature its wines and also mature some of its Wines in concrete egg this is a producer that hits stride more recently and so I definitely wouldn't buy anything earlier than 2015 but 2015 through 2020 are very good although I would probably pass on 2017 if you can find one of the other vintages son Julian base Chaturbate Chevelle is a historic producer that dates way back to the 1400s the name means lower the sails it is so named because back in the 1500s when the property was owned by the Duke of epernon ships that sailed by had to lower their sales as a sign of respect by Chevelle has around 90 hectares of Vineyards that average about 30 years of age they're not all in one block and they're kind of scattered about about one-third of them are farmed organically there's around 52 percent Cabernet Sauvignon 40 Merlot and the rest is divided up between Petit Verdo and Cabernet Franc be chevel produces around 25 000 cases of wine so you should definitely be able to track this one down currently they use a fairly strict selection as only about half the fruit makes it into the Top Line compare this with their 1982 vintage for example which had 95 percent of the fruit go into the top line I had this wine a year or two ago and it was already way past Peak so certainly they've drastically improved their practices and they're making some of the best wine that they've ever produced you can definitely buy with confidence any vintage of bechebel from probably 2014 through the present but 2016 and 2020 are particularly outstanding in fact I tried the 2020 vintage for the first time on Futures during entrepreneur and despite the fact that it can be a challenge to drink Bordeaux when it's that young this one was really impressive and it was actually somewhat enjoyable and approachable despite its youth this one will cost you a little bit more however the 2020 vintage for example averages around 115 dollars a bottle on wine Searcher currently nevertheless it is a high quality estate and certainly one of the top fourth growth Bordeaux producers if you're interested in learning more about the 1855 classification of Bordeaux please be sure to watch my video on the third growth Bordeaux producers

  Top Comments:
  1. @edmaryellenkmiec9171 [5 likes]: Another great video, thank you.  I toured Bordeaux this past fall and visited Chateau Beychevelle.  I believe their wines are high quality and worthy of your "Cellar Defender" status.

While in Bordeaux, we stayed at a Chateaux I cannot name.  While returning from dinner, a member of the kitchen staff whispered to me to come into a hallway anteroom.  There he had about a dozen bottles of partially filled first and second growth Bordeaux.  In broken English he explained that a group of Chinese people had dinner at the Chateaux and the hotel staff didn't serve all the wine.   Would I like to have some?  A group of us pounded down some excellent Bordeaux, including Chateaux Talbot.

I tipped him very well on our departure.

By the way, I just passed WSET Level 2.  On to Level 3!
  2. @AttorneySomm [4 likes]: To learn about the Third Growth Bordeaux wines, please watch this video: https://youtu.be/VqtASk4rSKU
  3. @paulconlon3040 [2 likes]: Great Effort. Drinking the 2010 St. Pierre which must be the bargain of the century, so I totally concur with your views there. Similarly with the Chateau Talbot in good years (The 09 was superb) . You are right about the production - it is colossal at Talbot, and thank goodness for that. This was one of the first points made by Parker 40 years ago in his book on Bordeaux. Quite apart from the quality of the wines in Bordeaux, the production sizes also contribute to the greatness of the region. And no mistake. Thanks again, great video, keep them coming.
  4. @johnnyblue1101 [2 likes]: Good job.
Stumbled upon an outstanding vintage of Cte Beychevelle some years ago.
Something like a 2003, I think.
What a revelation!
Actually wandered up the actual chateau while visiting the Medoc with my daughter some years back.
Smack dab on the estuary there. 
Floored by the number of Chinese roaming the Medoc, by the way— with cameras no less.
Realized pretty soon that I wasn’t the only one discovering the wine as prices exploded with subsequent strong vintages (2005, 2010, 2015, e.g.)
Great wine, but would prefer you kept that to just me and you.
Preciate ya, bro.
  5. @andrewmcdonald6208 [2 likes]: Lichine 2015 is drinking very good currently
  6. @fvrs3411 [2 likes]: Duhart-Milon '10, the wine that made me fall in love with bordeaux again after a long hiatus. Tried the '05 recently and was very dissappointed with it. Very thin and flabby, maybe a bad bottle or just a bad year for them. I'm focusing on the '16 now and will be stocking my cellar with the '19 and prepare for the magnificent '22.
  7. @lees5761 [2 likes]: Absolutely fantastic video! I especially liked the history, planting percentages and proximity to other chateau. I have always felt like these fourth growth wines we're always a great value. I bought a bunch of 2000s long ago, and they were all great. Again, outstanding video and information. Keep up the great work!
  8. @Alexander_Tronstad [2 likes]: As a non-rich person that loves Bordeaux, it seems after long searches I have a tendency to end up with St. Julien wines in my storage. It definitely seems to be where the values often show up.
  9. @Roni10mm [2 likes]: Your videos are always so helpful. Totally forgot about st Pierre . 

I love all the ideas !!! Keep up the good work.
  10. @MaNieL31 [2 likes]: I bought some bottles of Pouget in the 2013 vintage and I really liked it despite this year being generally considered one of the weakest in recent history. It cost me less than 30 euro a bottle in retail here in Poland. I haven't had a chance to taste it in other, better vintages, but it showed very well in a lesser one, which is a good sign to me 😀
  11. @baileyklink1416 [2 likes]: You should do a video where you tell us more about yourself ! How you started law and got interested in wine and etc !!!!

I’m curious
  12. @jeffhullinger6256 [1 likes]: Late to this party, but what an excellent video again! I've tasted Prieuré-Lichine, Lascombes, La Mission Haut Brion, Rauzan-Gassies, Pichon Baron and Lafon-Rochet within the last 2 weeks, and prefer Prieuré-Lichine to the others. All were vintages 2015, 2016 and/or 2018. Also purchased a bottle of the 2019 vintage of Lafon-Rochet's second label and found it delicious, if a bit short on the finish. I had a chance to visit Château Pouget and turned it down; I'm an idiot! I did purchase two bottles of Prieuré-Lichine 2018 to bring home en baggage, to coin a term. They join a 2015 Pape Clément, a white Pessac from Luchey-Halde, a couple of excellent 2016 Château Couhins red and two Château Troplong Mondot from the reviled 2013 vintage (they're delicious!). 

Your videos have helped me so much in selecting wineries to visit and in better evaluating the wines I've tasted. Merci beaucoup, John!
  13. @perry3556 [1 likes]: I just scored 3 bottles of Chateau Pouget 2012 vintage via auction. Opened the first bottle yesterday. Some of the 4th & 5th growths has slightly dusty layer which holds the wine back in my opinion, but not Chateau Pouget. This is foremost a dark fruit driven wine, oak is perfectly balanced. It has a crisp, bright, fruit driven bouqet almost takes me to Napa, but yet with a 100% Bordeaux body.Beautiful purple/opaque dark color & no mega purple used :) . If you haven´t tried it yet you should. This 2012 vintage I´d score 92-93p
  14. @ASTRA_778 [1 likes]: Very interesting video ! The only one I know is Château Talbot, very fine wine. 
Just a thing about "Cos D'Estournel" pronunciation: both "s" are silent
  15. @Thesilverthunder777 [1 likes]: Thank you.
  16. @craigmetcalfe1749 [1 likes]: Hey JJ! Happy Holidays! I am tempted to ask whether you are in NYC for business or pleasure, but you may have heard that before. Earlier in my collecting career, I looked to the Second Labels of the First Growths which back in the day were really great bargains. Over the long weekend, we have been celebrating with Joseph Perrier NV paired with Coral Trout Goujons, 2017 Petaluma Riesling with Mud Crab and 2021 Macon Villages Chameroy with Chinese Omelet. All dishes were cooked at home because your humble correspondent and his partner happily identify as a 1950's couple. Perhaps you can do me a solid by recommending three vintage Champagnes you may consider taking to a single bottle club dinner. I am also reading the Edith Grossman translation of Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes. The main character has gone mad from reading too many books and I think we both know how that feels. I drink wine, I read books and I know things! Cheers!
  17. @mgbbdk [1 likes]: Really excited about your videos on the crus. I very much look forward to the 5. Cru overview. Just read William Kelley’s review on Pontet Canet 2020 in bottle. He wasn’t allowed to taste it on the chateau (maybe because the 2019 went from 98p by Lisa Perotti Brown to a 93p score by him.?) The 2020 only scores 92+ so I can imagine some trouble being underway.
  18. @danielplainview4778 [1 likes]: Pouget is 90 dollars at our local retailers! Yikes
  19. @gogreenmsu03 [1 likes]: Great video.  Always enjoy the Bordeaux content.  St. Julien definitely well represented in the fourth growth category.  

Recently opened a 2010 Talbot for my dad’s birthday.  Really nice wine.  Many other 4th growth producers to try, though!

By the way, I always enjoy the content on release, but equally if not more useful is to refer to previous videos when I’m looking into a specific category.  Thanks again for sharing your knowledge.
  20. @michaelsim4440: Hi John, amazing video as usual. Thank you for sharing. Beychevelle is very expensive in Asia, one of the most sort after red wines. I have tried Pouget 2011 and 2012.. both are quite good and very consistent quality, the price tag is also very reasonable, half the price of Beychevelle surely..again thank you for sharing this video

- Wine 101 - BORDEAUX BASICS in 4 Minutes: Maps, Grapes, and Labels!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in this video we're going to map out Bordeaux talk about what styles of wine are made there and how to read a Bordeaux wine label this is part of our full Bordeaux episode where I took an aerial tour of the region which is why I'm in a plane for this segment and definitely watch a full episode if you have time but for now here's Bordeaux 101. while I'm getting my tour of the region allow me to give you yours Borneo runs along the 45th parallel which is known as one of the great wine making lines of latitude in the world this parallel also runs through parts of the Rhone Valley Piedmont and the Willamette Valley in Oregon the largest AOC in Bordeaux is simply that the Bordeaux AOC for the base level of Bordeaux AOC The Grapes can come from anywhere in Bordeaux and the rules are pretty minimal there's also a bunch of subcategories but just know that this level has the most flexibility next level is Bordeaux Superior these wines can also come from anywhere in Bordeaux but have stricter requirements for the grapes and aging okay now let's get to the real fun stuff the commune aocs here at the top level there are fairly strict Geographic and quality controls in place there are two main parts to Bordeaux the Left Bank and the right bank if you only take away one thing from this entire conversation remember this places in the Left Bank or the left side of the river make Cabernet sauvignon-based Blends and places on the right Bank make merlot-based Blends got it good now while there are 65 different aocs in Bordeaux there's a few worth calling out the Left Bank is the most well known for the madok homemadeok and grav Within These ALCS you'll find the five most famous communes that produce all the wines we talked about earlier in the 1855 classification on the right Bank you have equally famous Merlot producing communes pomerol and sentimilion Where the River splits is the aptly named Entre dumer which means between two tides and is known for its dry wines from sauvignon blanc and semione blends you have sautern and barsac famous for their botrytus dessert wines from semiyon and finally you've got the laid-back Cote de Bordeaux with your five Appalachians spread across the region that produce all colors and styles if a wine happens to have a classification of some sort it's in addition to these location-based aocs so let's do a few actual examples with bottles check out this label the Chateau name is the producer homemadeok is the AOC or the place where the wine was made since we know homemadeok is on the Left Bank we know this is a Cabernet Sauvignon based blend the crew Bourgeois is a special classification awarded in addition to the commune designation let's do another the producer is the Chateau Santa Milian is the place and since we know it's on the right bank it's a merlot-based blend with more specific quality controls and Grand Cru Class A is a classification awarded in addition to the commune designation the more labels you see the more it makes sense there are a bunch of smaller communes all over Bordeaux that have plenty of Great Value wines as well you might have to do some Googling at first to learn their names but that's okay I do it too all right I'd say it's time to get back on land and somewhere I'm a little more comfortable hey Vince here I hope you learned a little bit about Bordeaux and if you want to learn more about Bordeaux go check out our full episode which is available here or on our page as well as our other episodes because they're all pretty fun see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnaRaquelCaldas [6 likes]: I've seen the full video. Worth every second!
  2. @winesynths [4 likes]: There is a mistake in the map at 2:29! Sauternes AOC is only the small green part on the left bank of the Garonne. The sweet wines of the right bank are part of the Entre-Deux-Mers: St-Croix-du-Mont, Loupiac, Cadillac. And you find some sweet wines in the Premieres-Côtes. These are, in general, not vinified in Barriques as opposed to classic Sauternes.🥂
  3. @onsmezni [3 likes]: Thank you for the video
Come and discover the culture of wines in Tunisia, its history since Carthage .... there are the roads of the vineyards ... I can give you the contact of a good guide if you are interested
  4. @sypialnia_studio [2 likes]: You took a plane to make sense of Bordeaux but didnt care to learn proper pronouciation of the world renown names. That sauvignon blanc with audible K really hurts the soul...
  5. @sommvibes [2 likes]: Fun and informative as always . . . Bravo!!
  6. @fedegiove [2 likes]: great as always, bravo!  just today I was preparing the marketing material of a Bordeaux Superior and Medoc Cru Bourgeois ;)
  7. @trevorc6020 [1 likes]: Hello! I am a level one sommelier at one of the nicest restaurants in Denver and I just wanted to add:

NOT ALL REDS COMING OUT OF MEDOC OR HAUT MEDOC (left bank) are cab dominant blends. We have a bottle that’s from left bank, haut Medoc, and it is a Merlot based blend!!!!
  8. @PapaGabo [1 likes]: Thank you 

great video, great quality, great value, i love bordeaux very much
  9. @CypressTree2 [1 likes]: Excellent!
  10. @matthiasthym7431: Can you make the same about Luxembourg's Moselle Wines?
  11. @oskarhjerpe667: This vid is good. just like uiniversety. wtf. like be in class. :D thx dude.
  12. @PolvenjosadamKimpoljos: Highlighting audience comments in videos strengthens loyalty
  13. @LilianaCarter-f2j: Every second was worth it.

- FIFTH GROWTH Bordeaux Wines: Your Guide to Affordable Excellence! (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en Back In 1855 at the request of Napoleon III the wines of Bordeaux were classified in advance of an exposition to be held in Paris this was so the very best French wines could be highlighted at that Exposition the criteria for classification included the reputation of the producers that was based primarily on transaction prices over an extended period of time given the fact that the 1855 classification of Bordeaux remains largely unchanged today and is still fairly accurate and may surprise you to learn that it was created in less than two weeks in all there were 61 Bordeaux wine producers that were classified in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux 18 of them were classified as fifth gross these fifth growth Bordeaux producers include two of my favorite producers as well as a number of producers that offer exceptional quality for the price many of the fifth growth Bordeaux producers have greatly increased the quality of their wines especially recently and would be rated much higher if there were a reclassification conducted today due to the large number of fifth growth Bordeaux producers I'm going to discuss them in two parts so I'll cover nine producers in each of the two videos and these are intended to be Standalone videos so it doesn't matter which order you watch them in located in the poak appalation bay is a historic producer that traces its roots way back to the 1400s in 1942 this property was divided into two parts so that each of Two Brothers could get their share of ownership in the assets the other portion of the assets became o b and some of the original assets remained with bate today bate has around 60 hectares of vines that are planted to 70% Cabernet sovon 25% Merlo 3% Cabernet Fran and 2% ptiv Vero these Vines average around 40 years of age in 2006 there was was a complete overhaul of the bate wine making facilities which helped to increase the quality of the wines in later vintages bate produces around 25,000 cases of wine per year so you should be able to find this one without too much difficulty this is one that you can enjoy fairly young especially for a poak with a substantial decant but it's certainly much better if you can give it seven to eight years of additional bottle age post vintage my preferred strategy with Bay is to consider purchasing this one in strong vintages so certainly vintages like 2009 2010 2016 2018 2019 and 2020 are definitely all worth considering the 2020 vintage for example was highly acclaimed and yet sells for an extremely reasonable $65 per bottle in the United States so certainly excellent quality price next up is O as mentioned the o Vineyard was created back in 1942 when it received some property from the batay estate then in 1951 albat acquired an additional 15 hectares of vines from Dart Milo as such the current Holdings are right around 41 hectares or so these Vineyards are located in an excellent area very close to lynchb and pichan theand in theour the 41 hectares of vines are planted to around 62% Cabernet svon 36% Mero and 2% ptiv Vero the obat wines mature for around 20 months in 40% new French Oak the obat wines have been overlooked in the past but that's rapidly coming to an end because in 2017 aate was acquired by the owners of Chau lynchb since that acquisition quality has improved dramatically and from 2018 through the present aate wines are some of the best ever wines that have been produced by that estate the 2019 for example received three 95 Point scores from well-known critics and yet sells for only around 50 or $60 per bottle in a pinch you can enjoy this wine young with a healthy decant in a meal but it's about 7 to 10 years of additional bottle age and it should drink with no problem for another 10 years thereafter located in the Margo appalachi Doak is a historic producer that dates way back to 162 2 there was an ownership change about 10 years ago and as is often the case following an ownership change there was an increase in quality and so for this producer you definitely want to look for vintages beginning with 2015 and continuing to the present this producer also Embraces modern technology as in 2016 it actually invited all its Facebook friends to come and help with a harvest the 2019 vintage was particularly strong and may be the the very best wine that's been produced by this estate the 2019 bottling is a blend that consists of 73% cabon svon and 27% marllo and despite the quality of that wine it still sells for a very reasonable $50 a bottle or so so definitely one that offers very high quality for the price this is a very vibrant inexpressive wine descriptors often include black currant violets spice Earth and chocolate this is definitely a wine that you can enjoy on the younger side especially with a healthy decant but it should cruise in the cellar for up to 20 years or so located in the Pak appalation oaj liberal has around 30 hectares of vines that are planted to 3/4 Cabernet sovon and one4 Mero and which average about 35 years of age or so oage liberal matures around 20% of its wine in mfor and the rest of its wine has matured for 14 to 18 months in about 40% new French Oak though baj liberal Vineyards were certified biodynamic beginning in 2019 and the 2019 and 2020 vintages are probably two of the strongest vintages ever for this producer and certainly the strongest vintages in recent memory but despite that quality I was able to find the 2019 vintage on shelves for as little as $45 per bottle so definitely shop around for this one and you can potentially have an excellent Buy on your hands this is a wine however that is quite structured on release so it's definitely much better wine and offers a better drinking experience with 6 to 10 years of bottle age that probably Peaks at around year 10 and it will continue to evolve for probably two to three decades thereafter Grand PRI laast is a historic producer that's located in the poak appalation and which dates back hundreds of years in the 1750s the owners at that time sold a portion of their Vineyards to pier ducas and that led to the creation of grand PRI ducas which is also a fifth growth berau producer that I'll be discussing momentarily Grand PRI lacost has 55 hectares of vines that are planted to 75% Cabernet sovon 20% Mero and 5% Cabernet Fran both The Vineyards and the winery have been renovated and upgraded substantially in the past 15 years or so The Vineyards for Grand PRI LA coost are located in an outstanding area as they very close to Ponte K and lynchb this producer makes classic age-worthy wines and some of my favorite historic vintages are from 1982 1990 2000 and 2005 certainly 2009 and 10 are great as well and it's been on a even more impressive hot streak more recently beginning with about the 2014 vintage the 2022 Futures are also highly regarded and they sell for a very reasonable $79 a bottle or so so this producer definitely offers exceptional quality for the price point one of the reasons for the high quality of the Grand Prix lacost wines is the fact that they use an extremely strict selection now they use only about 60% of the Harvest for the top wine and the rest of the fruit goes into the second wine so that certainly has elevated the quality of the top wine if you're interested in wine recommendations wine collecting strategies and learning more about wine please do subscribe to my channel I've been collecting wine for more than 15 years and also have a l 4 diploma from the W so I have both formal certification as well as substantial practical Knowledge from the School of Hard KNX in 1750 Pierre ducas purchased some Vineyards from poak based Grand pu LA coost and so this led to the creation of grand PRI ducas today Grand PRI ducas has around 40 hectares of vines in puak that are planted to 63% cabon sovon and 37% Mero they've been gradually increasing the percentage of of Cabernet sovon to add more structure and complexity to the Wes these Vineyards are not in one block however rather they're scattered throughout the poak appalachi some of them are located near Mutan and leit others are near pishan Baron and still more of their Vineyards are located closer to lynchb these Vines average around 30 years of age and the wines are matured for about 18 months in 50% new French O in 2013 Pras hired a consultant from famed right Bank producer andelo and this consultant has implemented a number of upgrades in the wine making among other things they started using optical sorting equipment to make sure that they have a more strict selection process and this has resulted in big improvements in the wine beginning with the 2014 vintage so I definitely would not buy anything before 2014 and my favorite vintages for Grand PR toost are 2016 201 18 19 and 20 and the 2022 Futures also look promising nevertheless this is an outstanding value as I found some selling on the shelves for as little as $45 a bottle this is a very structured and Powerful poak wine however so it's definitely one that will benefit from 8 to 10 years of additional bottle age post vintage before you start enjoying it Cheto quaz baj is the next fifth growth bordo producer that I'll be discussing quaz B is located in poak not so far from Lynch baj and Grand pu La coost quaz baj has around 30 hectares of vines that are planted to 54% Cabernet svon 38% Mero and 4% Cabernet Fran and these Vines average around 35 years of age or so quas BOS does not use the same strict production methods that many classified growth Bordeaux producers utilize for example they have much higher yields and they even Harvest about half their fruit using machines in the winery they mature the wines for about 12 months in 25% new Oak I will say however that quality has gotten much better beginning with the 2018 vintage and the wine sells for a very reasonable $40 a bottle in the United States the 2020 vintage is definitely one that was well received by critics and so you may want to keep an eye out for that one before Vineyards were planted on the property that is now used for the belg estate this property used to be used as a hunting lodge for Louis the 14th we're in the omok and we're very close to the S Julian border very close to Bevel and also lrange belv has around 59 hectares of vines that are planted to 46% each of Cabernet sovon and Mero and 4% each of Cabernet Fran and P Vero Michelle Roland is the consultant and they produce around 20 ,000 cases of wine per year this is a producer that's definitely gotten much stronger since the 2015 vintage and they also had solid efforts in 2009 and 2010 but my favorite vintages are probably 2019 and 2020 the 2022 Futures are also highly regarded in selling for only around $37 so you may want to give those some consideration as well one of my favorite Bordeaux producers of any classification is Ponte K while Ponte K is a fifth growth in the 1855 classification of Bordeaux they've been on an absolute tear especially since about the 2009 vintage and are now widely regarded as a super second so if there was a reclassification of Bordeaux there would probably be a second growth and in many vintages the quality certainly Rivals that of the first growths this upward trajectory began in 1994 when when Alfred tesron took over and there was a gradual Ascent but it really picked up in the late 2000s what is it that makes the Ponte K wines of such high quality well for starters they're located in an excellent area in poak their neighbors include nuton and lefi so certainly outstanding terar they also put a ton of emphasis into their viticultural practices in 2010 Ponte K became the first bordo producer to achieve Organic certification and they also use biodynamic farming practices in the vineyard as well and in fact during my visit in the 2012 time period I saw horses working in the vineyard Ponte K has around 81 hectares of vines that average about 45 years of age in addition to their impressive viticultural practices they also use some impressive techniques in the winery for example they use parcel by parcel vinification beginning in 2017 they actually began destemming all their grapes by hand which is extraordinarily rare most wineries use a d stemmer with respect to the maturation process they've also placed a greater emphasis on the purity of the fruit by cutting back on the percentage of new French Oak for example about 75% of the wine is matured in 50% new French Oak and then a quarter of the wine is matured in aora and this Ampora comes from clay and gravel that they find on the property and that they use to create the M for so that's certainly very impressive as well when it comes to my favorite vintages for Ponte K certainly 2000 and 2005 are very enjoyable and you can't go wrong with the back-to-back perfect vintages of 2009 and 2010 although those are definitely the highest priced ones from Ponte K that you'll find in the secondary Market you can also buy with confidence from 2014 14 to the present and in that time period my favorite vintages are probably 2016 and 2018 this is a wine that you can typically find for around $1 1225 to $135 on release and in strong vintages as mentioned the quality can definitely rival that of the first gross despite the fact that it sells for a fraction of the price of those wines I will caution you however that this is not a wine that you want to enjoy on the young side and I tend to give it at least 10 years or so as it definitely benefits and gains some additional complexity with some additional bottle aging on it

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabriela_dng [4 likes]: Wow wow wow! This is a total immersion course about 5th Growth wines. I only recognized a few of them. Great ones, great vintages!!  I honestly didn’t know about the precise details you talk in this pedagogical video. I’m going to be like those, in the wok movement, to look for this elegant wines at that price point. Simply unbelievable. I do like to drink good quality wines and here you are John, advising us in every of your videos as the great consultant you are. A big thank you John,  et Santé
  2. @stevenholt4936 [3 likes]: I can testify to the quality of Grand Puy Lacoste's second wine. I opened a Lacoste-Borie, '14 , last weekend  - no rush to drink but it was excellent. Also, love Pontet-Canet.
  3. @ToccataLuna [3 likes]: Awesome stuff man! I think 5th growth Paulliacs gotta be the value kings of 1855 class growths. So much improvement but still retaining modest prices. I recently found 2020 Grand Puy Ducasse for 37 dollars at my local Trader Joes. Definitely young but just unbelievable wine for the money. Wondering if you’re including Pedesclaux in the next video? Looking forward to it!
  4. @Roni10mm [3 likes]: Love the look today ! Very sharp
  5. @manzilla48 [2 likes]: Do you recommend any of these to last for 18 years in cellar as 18th birthday gift?
  6. @carlcadregari7768 [2 likes]: As always a great video.  Some decent value for money in 5th growths.  Do you think any of the classified growths will take the Ministry up on its program to rip up vines and replace them with other crops?   Cheers.
  7. @nandarajaram7740 [1 likes]: I’ve been drinking fine bordeaux for over 50 years,and you know what you’re taliking about.I’m also, hugely appreciative of the lack of extravagant verbiage in your assessments,and your straightforward demeanour:Despite what some appear feel.Thank you.
  8. @nigamdalal5899 [1 likes]: I really enjoy your content. Question- do you have any recommendations on must visit wineries when in Bordeaux ? Thank you.
  9. @mgbbdk [1 likes]: Great video John. Love those deep analytics of the wineries and your recommendations on great vintages. Helped me a lot in my buying strategy. I have a weakness for the 2008 vintage. While not as strong as 2009 and 10, some wines still get decent ratings (Pontet Canet 96RP/wine of the vintage) and sells sometimes on secondary market for almost 1/2 the price of 2009. Keep up the good work. 🤌🍷
  10. @jcbd9415 [1 likes]: quick question. in general, how would you rate the 15,16,18,19,20 vintages? I know they're all considered strong vintages, which ones would you consider the "best, mid, worst" overall (left and right bank)
  11. @bovukovic6001 [1 likes]: Great video John, thank you!
  12. @gogreenmsu03 [1 likes]: Love the Bordeaux content.  Surprising that there were so many names I didn’t even recognize.
  13. @rickwezenaar [1 likes]: I like the hat!  I love some of the wines you mentioned. Thanks for again a very interesting video! cheers from The Netherlands ^_^
  14. @gustavomgomes [1 likes]: Some very interesting and wines ! Cheers !
  15. @timdijkema1743 [1 likes]: Nice video John, looking forward to part 2 already 😁
  16. @georgigeorgiev-ei4or [1 likes]: Very good video again.I still have good memories from Chateau Haut-Batailley 1979 in magnum.Cheers.
  17. @wren460 [1 likes]: Great video John !  I want to suggest a theme for one future video of yours. Please talk about how to plan a trip to Bordeaux. When and where should be the core topics. I would like to go and take a good extended stay in Bordeaux, maybe something like 10 days or so, and I dont want to pay 1,000 Euros per day for guided tours. Also, try to explain to us when to go. Going when its crowded is not fun. I can find many things over the internet, but I rather want to ask someone like you that is so pasionate about this.
  18. @AttorneySomm [1 likes]: To see my videos about all of the other Classified Growth Bordeaux, please watch this playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2aDDJZh--pC07PiZ0kRbY1Ma5MUWffMK&si=lF3h6Ii8bPe-cMRS
  19. @ElyriaRecords: you are good on the wine, bad on the French! Sorry. . .

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- Bordeaux 2016 - How good is the vintage: Kind: captions Language: en spent a number of days tasting at Chateau and that the Yugi sees the question is how good is 2016 Bordeaux particularly in context of one or two critics calling it out as the best vintage since 1982 our view is that it's the perfect complement to 2015 where Margo and per second Europe insert the pots of south of Santa medium and Palma roll were fantastic in 2016 the clear winners were Santa Steph booyaka that's natural yeah and there were truly wonderful wines made in each of those Appalachians looking at Margaux the wines were less exciting than 2050 in our view and more variable the same is true of kiseki you know there was some wonderful wines such as Carmen peor and Miss European but there was much greater variability in 2016 then in 2015 looking at the right bank the map laws at their best were wonderful and there were some great wines made in both st. in New York and in Omaha and the character of the vintage is lower alcohol so in many instances widens were produced as a full percentage of alcohol below the counterparts in 2015 but we have to call out that in some wines on the right bank their walls is a fait bitterness on the mid palate and the wines in many instances were not as complete as their 2015 counterparts if we had to point the finger on one appellation and say this this was the great success of 2016 it would have to be Santa this debt and the great news is that there are fantastic values across the board in terms of staff from the top crews such as more and contestable now all the way down to some of the lesser-known drunken cast and crew bourgeois and they're really are they really are beautiful wines and probably the best since 1982

- Bordeaux Confidential: Meet the producers: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yeah I'm the owner of Aqaba my name is Mario Kassar of chateau la cancion city tambourine general manager winemaker a chateau concern L and Chateau acaba I'm Caroline de Coster the Daughtery know of the owners canal yeah shut up honorable owner and winemaker of Adrienne from the main de Chevalier my name is Shelby no my family the owner of Chateau talbo my name is Emmanuel whose I am corner of Chateau de sel I'm Frederick face feature unique estate in something I own I'm the winemaker and general manager of the estate my name is Guillaume Picchi I'm and general manager of the common way on my name is Lorenzo I am Italian and I have the chance to have the technical overview over the three properties of the familial battler gasma which are Chateau gschool chateau de tested both in Margaux MK eros in Tuscany in Italy belongs to my family since 1923 I'm the winemaker I am Philip cast Asia I'm the owner and the winemaker at Chateau beta a Catalan chooses chattopadhyay that are all three here for tasting on the 2018 which is a phenomenal vintage here in China both Hong Kong and Mainland China border is still King and it's so popular with the consumers and trail alike so 2018 vintage was actually a big surprise for me I spent two weeks in Bordeaux I tasted 1500 wines my own and I visited about 70 Chateau talked to a well over 100 producers and I was impressed by how the tannins were ripe and it was still fresh at the same time though it's really an excellent vintage and now we're tasting a kir barrel samples in Hong Kong this doesn't happen anywhere else in the world they're flown from Bordeaux a week ago and the wines are tasting beautifully you can see the ripe tannins lots of structure lots of fruit and people really enjoying the tasting so I'm really sorry unshackle Talgo and we are saying that it is probably the best shuttle calvo we never made it maybe the more complex and the more powerful vintage cocoa science we had attempt to pick we are the good majority everywhere and we managed to keep the freshness that here which here the foot it's a really good wine made in with a long long finish that and potential of aging which is amazing amazing precision fruit and spice if we trust the critics and specially James I think it's our best vintage that we recently made but it's always very difficult to be 100% sure that it's the best vintage because it's still very young but so some people say well it's around 2016 of 2015 which is great for Margo definitely but I think for us it's it's it will be definitely among the top three villages certainly this was a vintage of of choices because the the ripening season was was long and sunny and we were able to pick at the moment when we wanted so it was very important to do a decisions per block and on each block tried to define the good pick moment the good with the good balance I would say that we were looking for and of course for variety and for perch a lot we had to do different decisions thanks to the server this summer saved this vintage mother nature is quite gentle 2y and kind very kind sometimes it's a very exciting vintage was a good buddy a good fruit very complex our minds right now it's on the Optima it's on your baby wine and where we can taste we're great potential for this wine so I hope people will be pleased because I know there is a lot of expectation for this 18 vintage and it's the first time we're doing Optima facing outside France we only do it here for 10 seconds today we already know gong celebrating the Cheetahs on an 18-gauge a very exceptional vintage we are very proud of that vintage to my father is different to the best one he has ever done the best one was 2010 now is 18 because we had some alcoholic level and especially some mellow going up to 14.5 and the wine dozen 18 in the main dish already finish at 13.5 because with your average balance 30.5 sorry but 30 14.5 my father told me I never would have believed that in the main the surely we could have that degree but a high degree of our goal can be scary and in the same story in every winemaking we speak about balance if you have higher goal you need a nice acidity and we are both and thanks to that we made the wine that that will stay in in time in the story and that's the beauty of winemaking is you produce something that will keep on going in two hundred years later we will still speak about what happened in 2018 a new vintage because this is the first vintage of my husband who is now the winemaker just after 2017 when we lost everything because of the frost there is of course big difference in terms of production 2018 is is really unique I can't hear it - 15 and 16 fifteen I would like to compare it because of the density but it has much more freshness and 16 was 116 in terms of something that is exceptional 18 is for us during evolution of the wine in terms of precision and penis so to me it's unique I can compare it really 2018 vintage was I think one a very sexy super vintage in Bordeaux we had the chance to have an amazing growing season and that made the super ripe wine but a lot of penis and nice bouquet on the wine very balanced super 61 I think that 18 is gonna be an amazing vintage and re quite proud of that thank Jane for introducing optimum to Asia because that's the only spot where you can add a so many wines on 2018 so that's all really great makes yourself alive Thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @distilledbrewedreviewed [1 likes]: I love it very cool I enjoy these interviews. My claim to fame is meeting Robert Mondavi, that's about it in the wine world as far as big names.

- Great Wines of Bordeaux: The Grand Tasting: Kind: captions Language: en so last night was a real bash it was really wonderful to see all our friends from bordeaux in hong kong and everyone opening great bottles and people love bordeaux especially in hong kong so people they enjoy it you feel the excitement they drink the wine and that is what the wine is made to to to be it's for drinking and it's wonderful to see those people enjoying themselves and having a good time and that's what life is about putting good people around the table or in a room and open good bottles of wine we try to produce wine to make people thirsty for them to enjoy the bottle of wine and it's not only about the investment it's about the personal pleasure and the pleasure to share with people which is which is crucial so it's a fantastic event that you have organized so it's really nice to have those kind of cheeses to go with our beautiful wines we need to have that level of quality when it goes to pairing this partnership between toddler bordeaux and gems is a good one would like to come back next year invite us again we love it

- Bordeaux en Primeur Futures Explained by Online Wine Store Wine Expert: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] if you love bordeaux as much as i do you may be looking forward to the upcoming bordeaux futures campaign on premiere happens every year when bordeaux negotiates release the highly prized and allocated wines from the top chateau the 1855 bordeaux classification now is released in a system called on perimeter between april and june sometimes jill into july these wines are available to savvy buyers who want to get a 20 up to a 20 discount on the wines by making their purchase pre-release many of these wines won't be delivered for 18 to 24 months from the time of purchase but you have the opportunity to specify how you'd like the wine bottle by pre-ordering the wine you can order half bottles regular size bottles six packs 12 packs you can order magnums double magnums or any other special size you'd like from your favorite chateau this is an ideal opportunity to get access to wines that often sell out i hope you'll join us big hammer wines is a direct importer we work directly with negotiants and the plaza bordeaux in order to get great allocations of these wines by eliminating the middlemen we get these wines to you at a lower price bordeaux futures campaign kicks off every april and lasts only 8-12 weeks that's your time to place your order and get access to some of the most prized wines in the world feel free to reach out with any questions

- Wine Storage: 5 MISTAKES to AVOID When Storing and Ageing Wine: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnes from nose sediment and today we're going to talk about five mistakes you should avoid when you're storing your wine not every wine is meant for aging and certainly majority of wines are made for immediate consumption with their bright and lively fruit yet there are some wines wine making regions appellations and even certain grape varieties that have shown great aging potential which means that they not only can hold for several years but also develop tertiary aromas adding towards complexity both on the nose and pellet if just like me you are a wine lover chances are great that you have at least several bottles of wine that you have bought to open later possibly after several years or even decade or more wines that are meant for aging will usually cost premium money so it is very important to know what mistakes to avoid when cellaring your wine you do not want to open a bottle of wine that you have stored for 5 or 10 years just to find out that it is spoiled or undrinkable so no matter what the reason you hold your wine collection and even if it's just a single bottle these are five mistakes you should avoid do not store your wines vertically this makes sense for all still wines under the natural cork especially if you do not have a specific place to hold your wines in storing wine horizontally helps to keep cork moist and therefore elastic sealing the wine and limiting the amount of oxygen that enters into the bottle if the bottle is stored vertically for a long period of time the cork might dry out and lose its properties this will lead to increased oxygen permeability and faster maturation of the wine do not store champagne or any other sparkling wine horizontally aha this one seems tricky the thing is the space between wine and cork known as ouyage is filled with co2 molecules and they keep the cork moist therefore there is no reason for champagne bottle to be stored horizontally because it actually even increases the risk for wine to be spoiled by cork taint or trichloroanesol [Music] do not store wines under the light or bright conditions especially if your wine is bottled in transparent glass i really don't think we talk about this enough because faulty wine damaged by light is more common than we actually think therefore do not store your wines next to a window and turn off that light in your wine fridge and storage units that are oftentimes equipped with bright light just to highlight the best bottles you have wine constantly being under lit conditions can quickly develop off aromas caused by oxidation and volatile sulfur compounds and while we're on the subject do not remove that colored foil from your sparkling wine bottles it is there to protect them do not store your wines at room temperature while opinions differ at what temperature exactly we should be aging our wines it is quite clear that temperatures above 15 degrees celsius might accelerate wine aging and as the temperature goes higher it might even imprint cooked flavors into wine and show increased oxidation if you do not have a specific cooling cabinet or wine fridge it makes sense to store your wine lower to the ground rather than up in the shelves because the warm air tends to go up this is if you do not have floor heating do not store your wines for too long i don't buy my wine for investment 90 of my wine collection is bought directly from winemaker and most of these wines have great story behind them therefore i plan to enjoy these wines at some point i have been emotionally attached to some of the very special or expensive bottles of wine for way too long and when i finally did open them they were past their prime and winemakers do make their wine to be enjoyed to be opened up and drunk and bring laughter and joy into our faces wine past its prime might not do that so i invite you all to not hold back that special bottle of wine for too long so here you go these are five mistakes you should avoid when you're storing and aging your wine if however you open bottle of wine and it seems off and you do not know why is that you should watch my other video on six most common wine falls [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: just freeze your wine and it will last !
  2. @B.H90 [1 likes]: ChatGPT told me to store champagne horizontally...😂😂😂
  3. @DrDoom-ig9io [1 likes]: So I just got some etched Friday the 13th bottles and was wondering how to store them, click this video and immediately see the Hockey Mask in the background! 😂
  4. @ihsrosary [1 likes]: The advice on storing sparkling wine vertically seems a bit confusing.  Many brands of champagne I've bought by the case have the bottles stored horizontally.  Your logic seems to make sense... but then why do champagne houses do the opposite?
  5. @christinabecerra5440 [1 likes]: should champagne and sparkling wine be stored in the fridge?
  6. @KeepItSimpleStupidMX [1 likes]: how do restaurants serve wine by cup? everytime they open it gets lots of oxygen
  7. @myrahouse2368 [1 likes]: Oops I’ve got loads of red been there years 😫flippin heck I stored wrong too.

Luckily mine are in the dark.

I’m considering making a small wine cellar under my stairs…

Looks like I need to Chuck my bottles now.
  8. @parkourguyyy [1 likes]: I didnt intentionally buy it for ageing, but Ive had a bottle of Zonin merlot sitting on a shelf for 10 years now that I got during my time in germany. been looking forward to trying it out, but I kept it vertical and at room temperature for the entire time... I'm gonna try it out, but hoping it doesnt come out rancid!
  9. @FatBoySlim696 [1 likes]: Music is way over the top
  10. @TonyS-cm9xk [1 likes]: Very Nice!
  11. @Blair338RUM [1 likes]: Store mine at 12C
  12. @JuanGarcia-nr9ps [1 likes]: How long it's to long?
  13. @mattmartinez7 [1 likes]: First time watcher. What can you tell me about that bottle on the right thats behind you?
  14. @Mark-qg8hm: How long should I expect to store my Seven Deadly Zins for it to achieve it's peak?
  15. @gontsekganyago4079: 1:07 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  16. @SergeantExtreme: Keep in mind this only applies to wine using stoppers made from natural cork. Wineries that use synthetic cork stoppers don't suffer from the same negatives, and can survive poor storage much better than wine that uses natural cork.
  17. @apistosig4173: having cellared wines for decades, that is to say I have been doing this many years, I tend not to keep these (Australian wines) longer than a decade. The reason being less than "ideal" storage conditions. Most wines I have will last the distance but some (a few) are past their prime at 7 years. These are primarily Shiraz and Cabernet Sauvignon or the odd Reisling.
  18. @VITAS874: Sorry YouTube i not drink. Its your fetish.
  19. @daysofcarnivore: Video starts at 1:24 you're welcome
  20. @rockwithyou2006: nonsense. they made such a huge business out of wine. unbelievable.

- Make Bordeaux AFFORDABLE Again - A Reality Check!: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody. This is Agnesa from No Sediment and today I want to talk to you about Borderaux, a wine- makingaking region dear to me that is currently facing all sorts of challenges. Consider this my tiny campaign or more like a video rant to make Bordeaux affordable again. And yes, I have an exceptional wine ready for tasting. Maybe you remember in one of my videos I told you a story about an acquaintance who came to me wanting to sell a single bottle of Petrus. It was gifted to him and when he looked up the price he said it felt like pure deva to simply drink a wine that costs that much. And I think this story illustrates perfectly what has happened with certain wine categories and class Baux is amongst them. Instead of enjoying wine for what it is, many people now buy it to store, to trade, or to give it as a generous gift. But the idea of simply opening wine and drinking it almost feels inappropriate. Even though I believe that Burgundy has gone a similar path, overall wine prices have grown tremendously here and not a lot of us can continue to enjoy Burgundy the way we used to. There is one key difference. Burgundy was always made to be drunk. It was never made to be traded. Furthermore, there is far less Burgundy available in the market than Bordeaux simply because their Grunk Crew sites are strictly defined and often the top producers own only tiny parcels of given Grunk Crew vineyard. So the production of the most sought-after wines is significantly limited. By contrast, a first growth in Berdau or any highly regarded producer can quite freely decide which grapes will be dedicated to their ground von and the resulting volumes of those ground von are relatively huge. So the idea that Bordeaux is scarce is a mirage. It is almost never rare. You can always find a bottle from the vintage you want with several merchants to choose from. With Burgundy, there was a time if you missed your allocation, it was gone forever. The whole idea of collecting wine for investment only works if the wine is truly rare. Maybe there are exceptions, but none comes to my mind. Like I said, Burgundy has always emphasized that their wines are made to be drunk. Even Ober de Villain, the co-owner of the domain de Romani Conti, has expressed his disappointment that the majority of their bottles end up locked in the sellers. He makes wines to be enjoyed, not sold, resold, auctioned, or paraded. If, however, you market your wine as an investment, I will buy those bottles and lock them in my seller or rent one and will probably never see those bottles in my life. And I will probably keep buying as long as I can afford it. I am advised to have space and as long as I believe they will earn me some profit in the future. And if those wines are never opened and enjoyed, they are not becoming any rarer. I am afraid we are currently only seeing the tip of the iceberg. And this ties back to what I discussed on my podcast with wine collecting and investment expert Thomas Haymons. Keep in mind that all these bottles are somewhere. I mean, of course, some of them are drunk when they're resell sold, but we know that some bottles like that we spoke before are basically kept like trophies like gold. I always say one day all these bottles will come from the underground and will will pop on the market. >> What happens when all those wines in the sellers resurface? When collectors decide to sell to finally see that investment pay off? when the spouses get the half of the collection in the divorce and want to sell it or when children have no interest in the wines they have inherited and decide that the best solution is to sell them. And yet the next vintage comes and Bordeaux releases millions more bottles in the market. And once again it is the best vintage of the decade of the century or despite the very challenging weather wines are still amazing. 98 points, 99 points, ting. Moreover, the notion of this yearly price increase would make sense only if wine quality grew, at least at a similar trajectory, but that has never been the case. Yes, it is true that some vintages simply deliver better quality wines than others. The on premier price between 2008 and 2009 vintage for some wines jumped by as much as 400%. Sure, 2009 was great, but was it 400% better than 2008? And when lower scored and challenging years like 2013 were offered on premiere, we did not see much of a price drop. Some estates cut their price by 3 to 7% compared to the previous year. It seems unfair, doesn't it? Back then, the talk was all about protecting the brand by keeping prices in order. I think that the real damage comes when no one wants to buy your product even after you have significantly lowered the price. Enter 2024 vintage which left Bordeaux estates devastated and negoti frustrated. Some chateau reduced their prices substantially and even I was tempted to grab some of those lit bottles myself. However, I feel that by now, people have grown distant from Borderaux and largely lost interest. The truth is that over the last 10 years, wines are not being sold out and bottles are not emptied. Meanwhile, Bordeaux kept releasing more and more premium products and simultaneously rising prices. I mean, what could possibly go wrong? I do not think that wine investment is completely gone, but it does require knowledge and understanding, not just simply passion. And I also believe that the only reason Bordeaux as a wine- making region still holds relatively stable on LiveX is that it has become a snowball. Physics that our mother nature is built around show how powerful inertia can be and it is why we are required to wear seat belts. But have any of us buckled up for the crash of Berdo? Now I do not mean a crash that ends in a complete devastation. These wines will still shine, mature beautifully to bring joy to our taste buds with enormous complexity, structure, and depth of flavors, leaving us with a jolly mind. But they certainly can't keep dictating the same prices. And while some estate representatives think that lowering prices is not the answer, I most certainly think otherwise. Make Bordeaux available again to passionate wine lovers who dream of tasting it. Make Bordeaux available again to those who have traveled thousands of miles and want to visit your estate and are deeply interested how your wine is made. The magic behind that bottle. Make Bordeaux available again to everyday consumers. Those who buy your wine to drink, celebrating empty bottles, stained tablecloth, and purple teeth. Let me see open bottles on Instagram, not just staged photos. And to us wine lovers, let us finally enjoy Bordeaux for what it is, a great wine, not an investment asset. With that in mind, I have decided to open an exceptional nay legendary vintage of Chateau Duorvan of Margo 2016 vintage. So, let's taste it. I have been incredibly lucky to visit this estate. It is one of those rare estates that is fully converted to biodnamics and 2016 vintage was the very first vintage they were 100% biodnamic and there are some critics who do enjoy this style a lot. It is maybe more leaner more red fruit driven and there are some critics who might not quite understand it. So let's taste it here. Hm. There are a lot of wines from Bordeaux that I taste and smell and I think this is classic Bordeaux. Like it just screams Bordeaux in the glass and this one is not that. It It actually shows a bit of restraint, a bit of shininess. Um not a lot of power. It is. It is almost like delicately floral on the nose, but you do feel some of those red berries, crunchy blackberries, crunchy black currant. It is quite fresh. Let's taste it. Wow. There is this underlined elegance here. I haven't tasted this wine for a really long time, but wow, I do enjoy the style. It just sometimes feel that Bordeaux for me specific estates can be very structured, very powerful, very rich. And this one, it is fresh. It is enormously elegant and but at the same time, it does not punch you in the face. It does not punch you with the structure or intensity. It is this really calmed down, really put together, well-behaved lady, but I do think it shows that underlined Margo elegance, that underlined Margo purity of fruit. Yes, this is what I am talking about. It has this really pure almost crystalline like fruit both on the nose and on the palette. And the tannon is really beautiful. I am recording this video in quite early morning and the ten in here is not bothering me. The alcohol is beautifully well integrated. I think this is exceptional wine. It is exceptional wine but it is atypical Bordeaux. So atypical not atypical if that makes sense. Um yeah what a smoothness also on the palette. It's really beautiful. I think it's something different. It's something not your traditional Bordeaux in the glass. I will give this wine 94 points. For me, it could go as high as 96. I guess it is still quite youthful in the glass. So, thank you very much for watching. Let me know in the comment section below what do you think of Borderaux? Where is it going? What is happening with the prices? Are you still buying Bordeaux? Are you still enjoying it? or you have moved to other wine- makingaking regions and what is the reason? Is it the price? Is it the style? Is it the attitude? Let me know in the comment section below. But Borderaux has also always been a wine- makingaking region that other regions aspire to. So, make sure to watch my other video, Bordeaux versus Super Tuscany.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelrome3527 [2 likes]: I’ll be damned if my sons don’t want to enjoy the wines I’m saving to drink! I’ll drink them on my deathbed 😂
  2. @Opuscus [1 likes]: Apropos!  What your advice on "purple teeth" ? Best way to avoid it?
  3. @Bobrinsky [1 likes]: Most of my cellar is from countries other than France, but France remains the biggest single country - and that is all Bordeaux and northern Rhone. I still buy and love Bordeaux but, since being royally screwed by the en primeur prices on the 2022 vintage, I have stopped buying en primeur. Weirdly you can easily find mature Bordeaux from good vintages for less than any of the new prices. I noticed at a tasting of the 2023 vintage that Bordeaux producers are now making wines that will clearly not require so long to mature. That makes a lot of sense. Young people are impatient, and the old folks may not have ten years to wait until their purchase hits its ideal drinking window.
  4. @tonyritter3795 [1 likes]: Enjoyed this video my wife and I visited Bordeaux in 2024 and loved it. One of my bucket list trips.  Recently I was able to purchase two bottles of the 2020 Chateau Durfort-Vivens.  Wasn’t familiar with it so I opened one of the bottles and we totally enjoyed it. Looking forward to buying some more of the wine.
Cheers 😎🥂
  5. @robrussell5329 [1 likes]: The grossly high prices for the top collectables  have less to do with quality and more to do with label. The investors of these wines cannot tell the difference between a St. Estephe and a Paulliac (nor can I)  Or a good vintage from bad.

So the prices will climb so long as the elitist reputations of these wines do.  This is the playground of the rich.
  6. @alanfrancisco5144 [1 likes]: Agnese, I think this might be my favorite No Sediment video I have seen thus far. What a great combination of factual elements and passionate perspective. And I could not agree with you more. My experience with Bordeaux has been severely limited because I simply cannot afford to try it's premier wines. The result is that I have not given the region the attention it deserves. Some of the other commenters who mention enjoying lower priced Bordeaux wines may have missed your point. The highly priced wines of Bordeaux are still produced in large quantity. They are not rare and they should not command the prices that they do. I think the larger lesson is that high quality wine, wherever it is made, should be drunk. The idea of using it as a collectible and purely as an investment should be lamented.
  7. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: ¡Gracias!
  8. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: ¡Gracias!
  9. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: Guten abend, liebe Frau. Es ist mir eine Freude, Sie wiederzusehen, so lächelnd und frisch wie die jungen Trauben vom Rhein. Herzlichen Glückwunsch zu Ihrer Arbeit und Ihrem Privatleben. Möge Gott Sie segnen, beschützen und für Sie sorgen, einschließlich seines Friedens!

💟🌼🌹🌾🍀🍼🍚🦞🦐🧀🍞🥩🍵🍇🍷🍷🍷🍎🍑🍰:thanksdoc:
  10. @perry3556 [1 likes]: Couldn´t agree more, but I´d say the situation is even worse when it comes to Bourgogne PN wines. With Bordeaux you can pretty much already declare that at least 50% of the 1855 Grand Cru Growth wines are brutally overpriced. However, if you spend some time you can actually find fantastic wines from both left/right bank around the 20-40€ price range. Some really good examples I drank lately that didn´t cost a fortune: Chateau d' Aiguilhe, Chateau Yon Figeac, Chateau Soutard, Chateau la Pointe, Château la Garde, Château Lespault-Martillac. The only problem is the amount of bad wines you have to drink inbetween until you find a good/affordable wine :)
  11. @philippedemecheleer2381 [1 likes]: I love Bordeaux, the iron fist in the velvet glove.
  12. @greek_comander362 [1 likes]: Can you try wines from northern Greece?
  13. @magicalwineexperiences [1 likes]: I'll always be a Bordeaux guy, even if they mess with the price...it's for drinking, I could never invest in it, except for personal payoff when I open it, lol.  That's very rock and roll of you, drinking Left Bank Bordeaux in a Syrah glass...might have to try it myself. And always remember- A Diamond Is a Hard Rock.
  14. @joostdemoor138: I agree, but there are two sides to bordeaux. The silly side of premier crus, and the side of real value. I mean, I recently bought some bottle of Lagrange 2019 at 33 euros a bottle. Tell me one place in the world where I can find wine of that quality and age-worthiness at that price?
  15. @sixtoferro8984: I love Bordeaux wines. I buy them to enjoy with friends or on my own.  I hate that I have to be patient with them, but they are my favorites and I wait for them with great anticipation.  I love your channel, by the way.
  16. @MadamoftheCatHouse: The nature of interests is cyclical. So it is a good idea to buy something while the interest and the price are low.
  17. @MadamoftheCatHouse: It just seems like a shame that a great wine is just being sold and resold over and over again and never drunk and enjoyed the way it was meant to. What was the point in making it then?
  18. @mikeh8656: I’m curious to know your opinion of the four bottle pack of Bordeaux available at Costco for $30.  Clearly that’s not investment grade wine, but I have always enjoyed them.  What is your opinion on them?    As you are frustrated with people not drinking wine I am a car enthusiast and do not understand how people can buy exotic cars and never drive them.   Drive your cars, and drink your wine!
  19. @noelbrian55: The history of Bordeaux is nearly as intoxicating as the wine for me.  The 2024 futures pricing gives me great hope that it will be attainable and drinkable again….
  20. @fourlakes: Price

- How to Spot a Good Bordeaux Wine in ANY Store (Even Under $15!): Kind: captions Language: en-US &lrm; Let’s be honest &lrm; Bordeaux can seem intimidating. Fancy châteaus, French labels, complicated blends... it feels like you need a map and a decoder ring just to pick a bottle. But what if I told you that you could walk into your local grocery store or big-box chain and actually find good Bordeaux? Not just drinkable &lrm; but surprisingly good. You just have to know what to look for... and what to avoid. Hello, and welcome to Toast to Wine, where wine knowledge meets real-world simplicity. Today, we’re unlocking how to find wonderful Bordeaux wines in your favorite store, in a way that beginners can understand and actually use. Quick question: Have you ever picked up a Bordeaux bottle at the store but put it back because you weren't sure what it was? Let me know in the comments. Bordeaux is one of the largest wine-producing regions in the world, with over 6,000 producers. That means a massive range in quality, price, and availability. Large-scale producers, cooperatives, and wine merchants bottle Bordeaux wines in high volumes &lrm; often labeled under broad appellations like Bordeaux AOC or Bordeaux Supérieur &lrm; which is why they show up at stores like Costco, Total Wine, BevMo, Trader Joe's, and even your local grocery store. The trick is knowing which ones are mass-produced and generic... and which ones are hidden gems. Let's break down a few key tips for decoding a Bordeaux label in the wild: First &lrm; Look for 'Bordeaux Supérieur' over plain 'Bordeaux.' It typically means the wine was aged at least 12 months and comes from lower-yielding vineyards &lrm; both quality indicators. Second &lrm; Vintage matters. For budget-friendly Bordeaux, younger vintages &lrm;within the last 3 to 5 years&lrm; usually taste fresher and more fruit-forward. And third &lrm; Avoid bottles with dusty necks or faded labels &lrm; these could indicate poor storage or long shelf time under fluorescent lights. And here's a tip: Most value Bordeaux blends are Merlot-dominant, especially those from the Right Bank and general AOC bottlings, giving them a soft, round profile that's perfect for casual drinking. Here are some great Bordeaux wines you're likely to spot in stores &lrm; and that deliver real value: Kirkland Signature Bordeaux Supérieur &lrm;Costco&lrm; &lrm; A private-label wine often sourced from respected Left Bank producers. Great value, usually under 10 to 12 dollars. Mouton Cadet Bordeaux &lrm; One of the world's most exported Bordeaux labels. It's approachable, consistent, and widely available for around 12 to 15 dollars. Château Greysac &lrm;Médoc&lrm; &lrm; A Left Bank classic with structure and balance, often found at Total Wine or BevMo for 18 to 25 dollars. Château Recougne A Merlot-heavy Right Bank wine with surprising complexity for the price, usually under $20, often available at Whole Foods, or online. Château de Parenchère, Château Cap de Faugères, and Château Pey La Tour &lrm; Dependable producers of high-quality, affordable Bordeaux that often land in the 15 to 22 dollar range. Have you tried any of these brands? Or do you have a favorite Bordeaux under $20? Drop your recommendations in the comments!&lrm; Not every Bordeaux on the shelf is a winner. Here's what to be cautious of: No-vintage wines or those labeled simply as 'French Red Wine' may not follow AOC regulations and are often blends from multiple regions. Next, overly ornate or old-fashioned labels might be trying to project quality they don't deliver &lrm; check the back label or importer info. Lastly, bottles stored upright in bright, warm areas may have suffered heat damage or oxidation over time. If the bottle looks tired, chances are the wine inside is, too. Here's something most people overlook: Bordeaux makes some excellent dry white wines too &lrm; and they're often more affordable than the reds. Look for Bordeaux Blanc, typically a blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sémillon, and sometimes Muscadelle. These whites are zesty, citrusy, and pair beautifully with seafood or salads. A few that show up in stores include: Château Bonnet Bordeaux Blanc &lrm; Crisp and clean, under $15 And Les Hauts de Smith &lrm; A white made by the famed Château Smith Haut Lafitte &lrm;can be found in higher-end markets or online&lrm; Would you be open to trying a white Bordeaux? Or have you already discovered one you love? Let us know in the comments. When you learn how to spot quality Bordeaux at your local store, you stop feeling overwhelmed and start enjoying wine the way it's meant to be &lrm; with confidence and curiosity. You'll save money, avoid disappointing bottles, and maybe even discover your next go-to red or white without ever stepping foot in a specialty wine shop. If this video helped you feel more confident about buying Bordeaux in the real world, give it a like, share it with a friend, and subscribe to Toast to Wine for more beginner-friendly wine tips and guides. Click on one of these videos now to continue your wine journey. Toast to Wine!

  Top Comments:
  1. @pragya4640 [1 likes]: This video is super helpful for people like me who love the idea of picking the right wine but often get a bit overwhelmed by all the choices and details.

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- HOW to COLLECT WINE like a MASTER: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine and i often get the requests from you guys that you want to see what's in my cellar i'm not going to show you everything because that's private but today i want to show you how to build your own wine collection and how to correctly store your wine on top of that i'm going to show you some wines from my collection that you should get for your own seller too so let's dive in [Music] when i first got interested in one i did not have any money no space and i did not know enough in order to start collecting wine i usually bought my wine at the supermarket or at wine shops and opened the bottles on the same evening in the following years i could not start a collection either because i was moving from country to country was living in flats where i kept my wine in cupboards and under staircases when we bought this house one of the reasons i fell in love with it was the cellar it's cold dark and humid and therefore pretty much perfect for storing wine but you do not need a perfect seller in order to start your wine collection there's no official definition of what makes somebody a wine collector but my personal definition would be that a wine collector buys wines for the purpose of building a collection of wines she or he enjoys a wine collector therefore makes strategic long-term decisions when buying wines as opposed to just buying wines for the next dinner party but why should you build a wine collection the most important reason is that you always have wine at home for every occasion the second reason is that it's fun and it might be a great opportunity to connect with other collectors and the third reason is that wine appreciates in value over time so you might be able to buy a case of wine today and sell it at a profit in 10 years time in order to buy more wine i do not plan exactly which ones i'm going to buy each year but it makes a lot of sense to think a little bit about your approach which ones you're going to add to your collection obviously depends on your budget your space and your personal preferences you should buy ones that you and your guests like for sure but you should also have wines for different occasions at different price points and for different meals a good collector always has one at different maturity levels in his cellar you want to have ones that are too young ones that are just getting into their drinking window and ones that are right at their peak at the same time in your cellar part of collecting wine is also that you will always have some wine that are past their peak which is fine but you need to make sure that the number of bottles is as small as possible in order to taste the evolution of a wine in the bottle it makes sense to buy not just one bottle but maybe three or a whole case the ability of wine to age also depends on the storage location but which are the perfect conditions there's limited scientific research on this topic but most people would agree that a cold humid and dark area is best this might also be the case because traditionally wine was made and stored in cellars and we might have just grown accustomed to this storage location for our wine the short-term storage environment is not so important for the quality of a wine unless it's extremely hot or extremely cold otherwise all wines that are being sold at supermarkets or in wine shops or that are being transported during winter or summer would be damaged wine is not fresh fish it's pretty stable and fairly resistant to outside influences in order to find the right location you should look for the temperature the impact of sunlight and the humidity in that location the temperature is the most important factor is the speed of chemical reactions and therefore the aging process increases the warmer the temperatures get in a cellar that is at five degrees celsius once will mature slower than in the cellar that is at 15 degrees celsius but a slower maturation is not necessarily a great advantage especially when considering that most wines are being consumed before their peak genesis robinson puts the ideal storage temperature at between 10 and 15 degrees celsius i would go a little bit higher i would say 12 to 17 degrees celsius as this falls also into the ideal serving temperature for most high quality white wines and most red wines more important than the exact temperature is the consistency of the temperature when the temperature fluctuates the volume of the wine decreases and increases pushing and pulling air in and out of the bottle if you want to know more about this topic check out this video i'll link it up somewhere up there and you find out what the aromatic impact of storage conditions actually are sunlight is another factor uv rays can start reactions in the bottle that causes the wine to produce off flavors this is why most wines are filled into colored glass bottles and while reutera puts their clear glass crystal bottle into this yellow foil the other important factor is humidity most people would say that the humidity should be at 75 percent in order to make sure that the corks don't dry out i don't really believe in that because the bottle is filled with a liquid the wine should keep the cork moist enough in order for it to stay intact and protected from oxygen but if you have too much humidity in a room your labels might get damaged and you might not be able to identify the wine or resell the bottle for your seller you should get one of those devices that track the temperature and the humidity of the seller 24 7. if you don't have a seller you can always get one of those wine cabinets they are pretty much perfect as well they keep the same storage conditions all year round they're just a little bit more expensive and you obviously need electricity so which ones should you have in your collection you obviously need some wines for your immediate consumption but what makes a great collection a great collection are the ones that are meant to be aged age-worthy ones usually have one or more of the following characteristics they are high in acidity have high levels of tendons high levels of residual sugar are for marginal climates were fermented or matured in oak vessels and they come from really high level producers so let's have a look at a few of them one wine style that has to be part of every collection and that is often overlooked as an age-worthy one is champagne or high-end sparkling wines sparkling wines can age for a long long time this is also because of the co2 that is bound in the wine itself and they can get creamier richer and more textured over time so definitely store some champagne and keep it for a while before popping the cork obviously one of the greatest white wines that is meant to be aged is riesling if you have one of those big magnum bottles the wine will age even more slowly but the wines from prim for example they can last for decades and i bought this bottle of kuvy fridge emil from trimbak at a restaurant sale and it came at a pretty good price and these wines last forever over here in europe this wine is not so famous but the hunter valley semior especially the tyra's vat one is amazing as an age-worthy wine those wines keep for a long time they are very fresh very vibrant low in alcohol and they last a long long time sweet ones are a safe bet even if you're not going for the most high-end most high-profile producers but if you're going for great so turn great sweet wines from germany or this a tokai from a top producer you would have a wine that is ready to be served at your funeral you won't be able to enjoy it though when it comes to age where the red wines bordeaux is the great classic no matter whether you're going for the left bank or a right bank producer like chateau clinic from pomerol those wines can age for decades and in some cases old bordeaux is actually cheaper than the more recent vintages which is a bit silly but it's also a great opportunity for you to stock up on some mature red wine burgundy might not always appear like it's a great wine for aging but it can age gracefully and the wines get really velvety rich and luscious but you should definitely go for the better producers producing wines from the great sides like this grand cru from claude de vujo can be just beautiful if you put it away in the cellar when they're young they sometimes a bit too grippy a bit too harsh but all that gets more mellow and round with time and the wines get really really complex and are just as beautiful as great burgundies for example so definitely stock up on some of this i'm a sura lover so i really enjoy drinking h surahs they get really wild and meaty over time like this 2001 koto tea which is by the way wrapped in cling film in order to protect the label from mold but i'm not going to resell this bottle i'm definitely going to drink it and i will enjoy it fortified wines offer great value for money this bottle of madeira will last a century probably and this is a small bottle of vintage port i sometimes can't manage to drink a whole bottle of port i'm sorry and for those cases i use those small bottles because they will serve two to four people depending on how thirsty you are and they are great value for money too so this is something you should definitely have in your collection so thank you for watching from me and my friends here i hope you enjoyed this video if you did then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which is the bottle of wine that is in your cellar and that you are really waiting to open please comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernhardlangers778: I don't have a collection as I'm just getting into wine and am growing an understanding, yet I bought a 1976 Richter Spätlese from the Mosel region. Will hopefully enjoy it this April when a friend returns from Africa.
  2. @reneparraga9000: Viña Tondonia 2011 & Aalto 2019
  3. @johnmichaeloconnor8810: High levels of residual sugar???
  4. @johnburns3703: I have some Brigaldara Amarone 95  that i got in about 98 that I look forward to  I also have some Tignanello 98 that I am just thinking about bringing up to Chambre for this weekend. Some Sasssicaia  from 2009 and 2010,  And a few others, some of which I have had previous bottles of that have been great after long cellaring. One was a 2002 Sassicaia that was cheap in Costco. - One was great but the other 2 had died. Also a bottle of Millenium Moet and Chandon that  has seen many different locations and orientations. The trouble is finding the right occasion and preparing the bottle as far in advance as is needed.
  5. @MartinLRichards: Thank you for your very informative YouTube channel which I'm really enjoying and from which I'm learning a lot. You mentioned about which wine your viewers were looking forward to try. I'm looking forward to having another bottle of 2008 Pontet Canet. I was underwhelmed a few years ago but had never tried this before but read good reviews so didn't know what to expect, but I much preferred a bottle of Leoville Barton from the same year. So interested to try again soon. Also keen to open a gift of 1997 La Mission having also been given a Haut Brion of the same year which I drank during Covid and considered the best wine I'd ever drunk!
  6. @thomasr9149: ‘’Wine appreciates in value over time’’ … this remark didn’t age too well 😅
  7. @daniellabuda7744: I got very fascinated with wine, considering I have a friend who is a young sommelier in life. Learning about the wine world and tasting different flavors is a hobby which fits my personality. 

I am curious to open these from my collection: 

100% Cabernet Franc from Antigal winery and estates, Mendoza Argentina 2020
Geometria Assyrtiko from Lafazanis Winery 
DOCG Manfredi Barbaresco 2020 
Chateau La Fleur du Mayne cuvee Pomerol 2016
  8. @Mark-qg8hm: Which is the best varietal of Turning Leaf that you should include in your cellar?
  9. @kristian5515: I am looking forward to drinking one of my Marroneto madonna delle grazie brunello di montalcino 2008, even if it might be a little too late. Thanks for another nice video.
  10. @roderikseubers109: i have clos du pape 2007 waiting.
what is the best year do you think 

2007 its the best year I have been told
  11. @LucasGruber1: I my cellar it’s definitely mouton Rothschild 1990.
  12. @PolyDave: Oh my. Sometimes an unlikely, special wine is discovered. Quite by chance. 'Catch 22' A 2017 red blend from Barossa. It has chocolate, and mint. Presents itself in the glass perfectly. And it's so ready to consume right now! Good to go on arrival.
  13. @yriafehtivan: It's okay to not drink a whole bottle of port! That's why it'll survive for weeks open.
  14. @ClémentBourguignon-e2y: A Corton Grand Cru 2018 from Château de Meursault !
  15. @ardema4329: Fantastic ideas thank you. 

I have a GRAND VIN' 1982
PELLATION MARGAUX CHATEAU MARCADE

I was thinking about selling it, recommendations how to do this?
  16. @TheCloudek: Seek God, only he can fill the internal voids and give us true happiness and peace. He loves you. God bless you all and your families.

Read, please:
2 Corinthians 5:17.
Romans 10:8-13.
  17. @AchillesMajor: I only got into wine because I was diagnosed with severe Celiac Disease in late 2014 - so beer was off the menu. But - thank Jeebus for Celiac bc wine is awesome. I now am a certified Somm & have a (likely) too large cellar (3,000+) but wines from almost every country & all wine types included. Some of the faves most looked forward to? 1985 La Chapelle, 1995 Chave Hermitage, 1965 TF Port, a 1904 Sherry, 2015 Chateau Margaux (last wine of Paul Pontallier) ...
  18. @davidboloten7879: Came across your channel last week and am thoroughly enjoying you videos.
I have 1 btl 1998 Haute Brion. My first (and only) 1st growth Bordeaux. Purchased on release for $350 CDN. Back then I thought this was crazy to shell out this much for a bottle of wine. Today this sells for over $2,000. CDN.Not that I plan on selling it. My wife's 65th birthday is approaching and I think it may be time to pop the cork.
  19. @javiveras: Waiting to  the right occasion to open a Solaia 2001....
  20. @nikifo13: I have a Barolo Riserva from Tenuta Pianpolvere from 2011, a Rioja Alta by Vina Ardanza from 2008 and last but not least a Chateau Pontet-Canet from 2004. Patiently waiting for an appropriate moment to enjoy them with some good meat... :)

- What Does It Take To Be A Debt Collector? | On The Red Dot | Just Don't Tell Mum - Part 3: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's the worst that can happen today i mean you know you think the debtor will will attack me oh hopefully call the police if you have his number you help us call now we can talk right now i'm rishi bhujani and i'm about to take on some of the most stigmatized jobs around when somebody wants to you know attack us the camera can capture the evidence just don't tell mom i make people pay so the producer gave me this today my assignment for this episode man i don't know how i'm going to do this look i'm a stand-up comedian before i could back out ready oh yeah come let's go okay coming boss [Applause] they've told me the weight here by the dustbin i hope that's not my boss's way of telling me that trash these guys are the debt collectors from the singapore debt collection service or sdcs for short that's this yes in my head this is what they do hey you know but watching them work they seem a lot more civil this feels like a very uh regular afternoon procedure like it's almost like they are door-to-door sales people and trying to it looks like there's some sort of conclusion that's reached we'll try and find out what it is so what was going on actually just now my guys went up to the place but the adapter is not around this is keegan tan founder ceo and boss man of singapore debt collection service he started the company in 2002 and has been leading his team of debt recovery specialists ever since i'm a little surprised because i didn't see any of the regular loan shark stuff like no pain red color no no no definitely no because first of all we are licensed collected in singapore and we are not low in shocks we act like a middleman to solve the matter when people face difficulty getting back money they're owed they enlist people like sdcs we're going to talk to you nicely and try to get the debt from him that's about it these guys track down unresponsive debtors and negotiate a payment plan we'll gather all the supported documents from our clients and we will send out that collateral to their residents or to their office to demand for payment and negotiate we have to talk to the family members to like explain to them what is it all about then we give them maybe a few days time for them to get back to us we don't use violence we don't use variety do you think i can become a debt collector we will train you after all the training you have to collect a debt yourself by myself you have to lead a team are you prepared for it oh okay i got back up okay okay good luck thanks boss see you tomorrow okay i guess i'm gonna become a debt collector all right so i'm here for my orientation with sdcs and i'm going to say i'm a little nervous about how it's going to turn out let's check it out oh hi hi welcome to sdcs giving me a crash course on collecting cash is general manager kenneth tien when the client first approaches you what happens what do you do so we research we see the documents you know maybe there's email correspondence contract like payment 30 days the invoices the amount and everything let me show you an example this is a personal iou iou that means people have written that i owe you this month so besides this are there any other ways that people can prove that there are people yes definitely of course messenger what's that bro can i borrow the money from you bank transaction also so that is one proof to show that i transferred money to your bank also how do you decide like which are the cases that you don't take okay for those illegal cases like soccer money gambling money or even along cases all these we don't think what's the next step we will make a phone call we'll give that letter of demand also and we will say that we are acting for who and whoever this amount our recovery species will visit after seven days so that's what i'm signing up for a recovery specialist details and like any good specialist i first have to look the part because how you look can affect how the debt collection goes this three item has have our logo so the public will know who we are bro what is the flashlight for okay the first light is when nobody open the door you can check the water meter electric meter whether it's moving it's not right obviously it's a taser right it's a walkie-talkie in case of emergency it's very easy for us to know whether our guys are dangerous yes because there's an sos button here this body cam is very important to in our operation you can see everything very clearly white anger so even when somebody wants to you know attack us the camera can capture the evidence stabilize like this when it's done with my attack everybody knows who i am okay will i get one set of this if i go out in the field with you yes you will show you one always do you mind if uh together with this i add one accessory which is my sunglasses we have to be serious what if i take out halfway through also no shades okay put on after we complete the drop nourishes with a look down son's sunglasses kenneth wants to see if i have what it takes to be one of the guys maybe you can try talking to me like uh i'm an adapter like you you're the debtor wow uh good morning sir yes i know you haven't had coffee yet it's only uh you feel the test take three i owe you money third place we've got cameras cameras so what no need to get violent don't worry you're not the first to come to my house at the fifth today okay then let me bring my friend who's the bodybuilder bro help me out so i will do the talking he will do the action and that's strike three all right look i'm not good with confrontations and this is way harder than i thought luckily kelvin hoe from the operations team has some tips for me what is the first thing that i say i have no idea man okay well you need two weapons weapons okay the two weapons are the supporting document and the evidence so firstly you need to introduce yourself clearly then from there we will explain to them about what's the case about what if we face a debtor that is uh refusing to cooperate for example so you talk the facts with them from there we calm them down okay any situation or difficulty you are facing talk to us all right i'm gonna give it one more shot yes who are you uh good evening sir uh i'm from uh singapore debt collection service actually we have a case of outstanding debt of five hundred dollars that you owe to my clients there's no company that was i understand but close down already you still can't inform me for what sir no point you shout and scream at me i can show that you have some evidence here this is your signal okay nevermind don't disturb you cannot run away maybe you tell me your situation if you cannot pay in full i can give you an installment plan see you're following my step correct the two important weapons supporting document and the evidence and you top logic to me these are the steps you pass oh yeah that's what i'm talking about man this is only the first test first step yes got more yes real life situation believe it or not kelvin is actually letting me handle a case i am meeting with a potential client who wants to recover some scammed money eight months ago the client tried to rent a car from a rental service on carousel the vendor whom we shall call alan had good reviews and after a test drive the client made payment for one month's car rental but when he tried to collect the vehicle things started going amiss hey david how are you thank you so much appreciate it let's go we agreed a place to meet for the vehicle exchange i got to the place he did not show up and he did not pick up or respond to my messages this went on for uh for a month where he was telling me i'll bring the car today never never showed up for one month yes so i reached out to the police the police at the time said there wasn't anything that they could do the last straw for me reaching out to the police was he had actually threatened me and said if you keep you know pestering me something is going to happen to you oh wow is this your first time engaging a debt collection service ah yes correct yes correct so i've never had any prior experience so it's something that i googled and i feel a lot more relaxed knowing that it's something that's been taken off my client um what kind of timeline are we looking at if i hit it my way i would find the funds back in my account tonight tonight pressure is on with the information at hand kelvin and his teammate prince take me through the next steps and now it's time to confront the debtor call the debtor yeah here you go here's your yellow california i'm really hoping alan picks up and we can negotiate otherwise i'm gonna have to track this guy down in person all right i call second timer what is this boss huh i trying to contact the debtor they are not responding huh is this a common problem are all the debtors this uncooperative no risky there are still debtors who are cooperative oh would you like to meet one of them sure oh boy looks like i've got no choice but to track ellen down to his home to prepare me for this kelvin has arranged a meet-up with a former debtor so i can understand what it is like on the other side of the fence tay is currently repaying an 11 000 debt to his office landlord through installments negotiated by sdcs what was it like when you were trying to deal with your creditors before sdcs got involved it's difficult those creditors will not want to listen to you they just want their money stress i feel really stressed and they are unreasonable yet we are in the wrong because we owe their money and what happened when sdcs got involved we feel really worried and a little bit of terrified like because we heard many stories about their collectors are they quite hostile the collectors came to my shop but i wasn't around but they made very polite to my staff and then we arranged for appointment to meet up and the difference with the theme from sbcs coming in was we have a conclusion in one hour time i have been struggling with my creditor for six months asking for repayment plans in installments they will say uh i don't care you just pay me everything so sdgs actually helped me to speak to the creditor on my behalf that means to negotiate a sum of money that i can come up with every month so i can clear this off with in a peace of mind so debt collectors are just negotiators the helpful middlemen and yet many debtors avoid their calls and visits so one last thought for me a visit to a debt counseling service to better understand the debtors mindset perhaps this can help me convince my clients debtor to meet me most of them actually they have a thought of suicide even some already already attend is a former loan shark runner who now uses his experience to counsel debtors what kind of mental state are they in they are very fearful they have us by the loan shop that's why the money lender they have no money to pay the bank call them several times in the day you know they do not know what to do then they don't even know who to turn to what do you think is the best approach for debt collectors to take when they are talking to people who owe money talk to them and listen to them majority of people you know they are trying to pay but maybe they need more time so that there's a reason why they are so stressed to be more gentle you talk to them at least they can just think for free now they have a chance to tell you tomorrow we are going to pay the debtor alan a house visit in the meantime i'm working off some of my anxiety up right there fight the pin yeah you need to gain man the guys tell me that working out together helps the team bond and also makes them stronger both physically and mentally do you ever feel guilty sometimes that you have to make someone pay up if you are newcomer yes you will it's normal we used to feel that guiltiness but after espn we don't because we are like alarm clock for them remind them to pay if you study the case you understand what type of the debtor is right what case is about so we give a fair solution a solution that our client and debtor can agree when you tell your friends and family that you know you're a debt collector how do they see you when they know that we are into this job their engagement with us a little bit different so how do they treat you differently they send me like a wrong impressions towards the job i'm doing so that's where they keep distance from me it's a risky job for them my friends and relatives all understand what i'm doing the only people that who doesn't understand is those that don't know me actually it's not as what private things are you have to stand up for the victim everything have to study case for me i love this job plus everyday different challenges you have to mentally prepare to join us as adapt recovery officer i tell you what let's do one more round okay let's go on let's get ready for this after a few more training sessions the day has finally come i am now a badass recovery specialist let's do this roger boss no sheets with the debtor ellen not responding to our calls we have to go to him right to his doorstep as we approach our destination the weight of the task ahead began to set in before we go up okay i just want to ask mean you know you you think the debtor will attack me will you call the police okay how are we going to deal with it you have to keep calm and explain yourself show the documents to them and explain to them patiently and if they call the cops if they call the cops then you have to wait for the police to come then you have to explain to the police also okay okay thank you i guess it's good time hello hi good afternoon ma'am uh actually i'm looking for mister here mama hey buddy so the that's the sana the kid in the photo i feel like uh the children shouldn't have to see all this of course hello anger uncle okay okay so actually i think he owe our client never ever never so uncle i think maybe what you can help me do now if you have his number you help us call now we your feeling is that actually he don't want to settle i mean maybe the father is just covering up yeah he's on the phone never answer you call you call your phone speaker all right cannot then he has to call us because we are acting on behalf of the client i i know about your problems why don't i do this okay you ask him to come down to our office okay then we come up our agreement oh richie wow this is a tough job man make it very difficult to do anything when the family is there and the kids are looking at you with those big guys i guess we're trying to be firm but also trying to be respectful right now so that's the hardest part i know you guys are doing a very difficult job thank you i know you're trying to do an honest job but it's very difficult can i have a talk yeah yeah let's have a chat let's have a chat post-mortem of my my work so rishi you have completed your task i've uh learned a lot in the time i've been with you also maybe uh out of 10 how would you rate my work performance about six out of ten yes just pasta yes the certain things that the father say like the son is not around you have to you know ask him for more proof i guess yeah you're right i totally got thrown off when i saw the whole family there yeah we should not be too emotional so yeah oh man you have to remember that you're that collector and you're helping your client getting back their heart and money a lot of people don't know what it entails and i guess i've had some experience now does it get tiring for you no tough job for tough guys like us so i'm not a tough guy i guess all right so at the end of my stint with the singapore debt collection service some things have become abundantly clear one this is not an illegal job two this is not an easy job and three if you can get beyond the stigma surrounding this job what you'll find is that these folks are just honest hard-working folks trying to help their clients reclaim their hard-earned money it's like keegan said it's a tough job for tough guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @mocaxsmush5218 [1 likes]: low ses clowns .
  2. @Tommashelbyeee [1 likes]: The police is a joke. Probably they are lazy to charge the scammer
  3. @Yrlocaltv [1 likes]: Isn’t the scammer hunter , one of the actors in crimewatch?
  4. @kindface [1 likes]: Do some (or should I say ‘many’) debt collection agencies - especially working for overseas clients who are not familiar with Spore laws & customs - actually give the debtor a ‘discount’ and then tell the client the debtor has gone into bankruptcy? That way, the collection agency has actually bilked their clueless overseas client while pocketing the ‘discounted’ payment from the debtor. So instead of helping their overseas client, they have in fact ‘pakat’ with the debtor with a reduced payment. I’ve heard of a case like that but I’m not sure how common it is.
  5. @AfendiBinUjud: In my opinion To be a debt collector you must be vulgar in four languages English , Malay, Chinese and Tamil , beside that you must know hokkien , because you need to say something like 
1) knee NAB U CHOW CHI GYE 
2) qua simei the that one 
3) KNEE NA PA LAN SIOW 
then you C : Competent if not you NC🤣😂😅
🤐 I'm the onlynon LGBTQ god since the earth was created
  6. @danyuli-bp9jp: They give you 6 because everyone and you are in the camera!!!!!!!!!They are more to get finish their job asap so they will get what they promise :face-blue-smiling:
  7. @danyuli-bp9jp: In this video one of the guy look like he in media corp 8,WFT!!!!!
  8. @danyuli-bp9jp: this people got the license collector from Singapore Gov is because they used  to be loan sharks and got jailed Singapore gov check their back ground or anyone can be run this business or just like people operate prostitute illegal got jail and after they out from jail they only one can apply legal operate license prostitute location in geyland ,The question is how much taxes do the license collector pay their taxes to Singapore Gov?
  9. @henrycheang424: very good 👍
  10. @ashborn5943: propaganda video trying to showcase how "good" they are yet in reality still attempt to act intimidating to debtors lol ive seen the way they behave at my neighbour's front door let me tell you its nothing like in this fake ass made-for-public eyes video
  11. @areprash161crew: Loan peoples scum idiots 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @dragonmasterpro123: Ah long is still ah long, legalised or not. Pattern don’t change one 😂😂😂
  13. @WindowsLover124: Why does kelvin ho look like the person from crimewatch
  14. @MoonS-gr3pi: This company is also using unethical ways to reach to people who do not owe money as well. Not sure how they advertise that they are ethical company. Rishi - if you want u can reach out and I can provide u with proof on what unethical ways they use like not abiding by the laws of Singapore..
  15. @Heresheis0818: Awesomeness overloads
  16. @爾文奧利施: Not loan shark but hooligans.
  17. @BestFoodReviewFeatured: Any job and kind also can la. As long government get split then can la. Ahlong cannot because never pay ah gong. So they revamp to debt collectors.
  18. @rafaelmartinez3161: is this a joke?
  19. @Atz888: Of cus stigmatised la cb go collect debt oni also travel in packs like wolves like that then all of them also look like got play shirt one knn like ownself saboh ownself. Tone of voice from all the debt collecting video also talk with broken English of course ppl think with a unfavourable biased opinion la
  20. @Jonathan01233: this wouldn't happen in United States

- The Tragic Truth About Anthony Bourdain: Kind: captions Language: en-US Anthony Bourdain was a chef, writer, and world traveller who charmed practically everyone he met in his remarkable life. But beneath the glamour, he was a complex and emotional person who felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. This is the tragic truth about Anthony Bourdain's life. By all accounts, Anthony Bourdain had a relatively normal American childhood, growing up in the '60s and '70s in suburban New Jersey. But Bourdain admitted that he never quite felt normal in this "normal" environment. He told NPR in 2017, "I was an angry kid. For whatever reason, I was definitely a very angry, bitter, nihilistic, destructive and self-destructive kid." Part of it stems from Bourdain's lifelong itch to get the most he possibly could out of life, be it good, bad, or ugly. He explained to The Guardian in 2013, "I was rebellious and bitter that I wasn't old enough to be in San Francisco, dropping acid... I had impeccable taste in rock 'n' roll for a 10-year-old, yet was too young to live that life. It made me angry. Most of my friends had rich absentee parents or came from broken homes, so they were free to do whatever they wanted. I deeply resented the relative stability at my house." So he developed a stubborn, free-spirited streak that stayed with him into adulthood. When asked by Men's Journal what advice he would give his younger self, Bourdain responded, "I wouldn't have listened. That's the kind of a--hole I was...I would have gone right ahead and made the same mistakes." Anthony Bourdain's rise to culinary success and eventually global fame was anything but glamorous. He got his start in the food world back in the mid '70s, working through college as a dishwasher at a restaurant in Provincetown, Massachusetts. Bourdain quickly moved from the sink to the line, where he learned just how undeveloped his skill set was compared to the other cooks. But he was passionate, and he was hooked, so he dropped out of college, and enrolled in the Culinary Institute of America. After graduating in 1978, Bourdain slogged through the culinary ranks of New York City restaurants, working long hours and spending late night after hours doing drugs and living a rock-star lifestyle. "Come on, put down the crack pipe and make the dessert." It took two decades before he was eventually named the Executive Chef at Brasserie Les Halles. The whole experience — the labor, the grind, the substance abuse — was tough on him, and made him tougher, and meaner, in turn. Bourdain told the Guardian in 2017 of the, quote, "psychotic rage" he felt during those years. He said he was "awful to line cooks, abusive to waiters, [and] bullying to dishwashers," adding "I hurt, disappointed and offended many, many, many people and I regret a lot." While working in kitchens, Bourdain was simultaneously developing his passion for writing. It was this skill set that would eventually catapult Bourdain's career and change his life forever. While he may be one of the most well known figures in the culinary world, Anthony Bourdain didn't become a celebrity until he was in his 40s, and up until that point he lived without much of a sense of stability or security. When Bourdain first started out after culinary school, he was barely getting by. In a 2017 interview with Wealthsimple Magazine, he recalled those days by saying, "I never went home with more than 120 bucks. Not a lot of dough. I was staying with my then-girlfriend. [...] I ate most of my meals at work." He was in a cycle of debt he couldn't get out of, and was always a paycheck behind. "Kitchen Confidential," the book that launched Bourdain's career and changed his life, was published in 2000, when the chef was 44 years old. At that point in time, Bourdain admitted that he hadn't filed taxes in about 10 years, and was also behind on his rent. He'd never had health insurance or a savings account. As a result, Bourdain said that he spent every day trying to deal with the stress of financial precarity. He said, "In my daily life, the goal was to muffle the anxiety that I'd feel as I tried to drift off to sleep knowing that, at any point, what little money I had in my bank account could be garnished by the IRS or the credit card company. The landlord could kick me to the curb. That was my reality for many years." Even after his success kicked off in earnest, Bourdain lived his life battling inner demons. He once called himself "an unhappy soul" in an interview with The Guardian. In the early 2000s, after his first marriage ended, he admitted in his book "Medium Raw" to being "aimless and regularly suicidal." Eventually, he acknowledged that he was living with depression. Bourdain opened up about his struggles during an episode of "Parts Unknown" in 2016. While filming in Argentina, he spoke with a therapist about how even things which seemed insignificant could trigger major bouts of sorrow and despondency. Something as trivial as a bad hamburger at the airport, he said, had the potential to set him off, launching him into a prolonged spiral of depression. He also admitted to feeling alone. "I feel kind of like a freak and I feel very isolated. I communicate for a living, but I'm terrible at communicating with people I care about." In an interview with People just four months before his death, Bourdain confessed, "There have been times, honestly, in my life that I figured, 'I've had a good run — why not just do this stupid thing, this selfish thing... jump off a cliff into water of indeterminate depth'." While Anthony Bourdain spent his TV career shining the spotlight on other people's food and cultures, at the end of the day, he believed himself to be a narcissist. "A reasonable person does not believe that you are so interesting that people will watch you on television. I think this is evidence of a narcissistic personality disorder." Despite this self-professed view of himself, Bourdain was also overwhelmed by his own fame. He told Business Insider in 2016, "I work really hard to not ever think about my place in the world. [...] I'm aware of my good fortune. I'm very aware of it, and I'm very aware that, because of it, people offer me things." Filmmaker Morgan Neville, who documented Bourdain's life story in the film "Roadrunner," told Rolling Stone this sense of awareness was like an insecurity that always pushed Bourdain forward. "He never slowed down working. It wasn't money. It was just Tony feeling like if he slowed down, something was going to catch up with him." In the wake of his death, family, friends, and coworkers are revealing more about the struggles they witnessed Anthony Bourdain deal with. For the most part, he suffered in silence, and didn't do much to tackle his issues head on. While filming his new documentary on Bourdain's life, filmmaker Morgan Neville learned of the chef's battles with a range of mental health issues, including depression, anxiety, agoraphobia, OCD, bipolar episodes, and an addictive personality. Speaking to Vanity Fair, Neville said, "I think what drove his unhappiness was that he was somebody who had been running away from his deeper problems for a long time. [...] Part of that is what made him interesting, great as a personality, and compelling to watch. But part of it made him an incredibly vulnerable person." Bourdain had implied in the past that he maybe didn't deserve to confront his own unhappiness, saying he felt he wasn't going to get a lot of sympathy from people. "I'm not gonna get a lot of sympathy from people, frankly. I have the best job in the world, let's face it." Anthony Bourdain was a beloved figure to millions of people in the food industry and beyond. But within the tight circle of the culinary TV world, he also managed to make quite a few enemies. Mostly because Bourdain had a lot of strong opinions, and he had no hesitation in making them known, no matter how harsh. He's hit targets across the culinary spectrum with reckless abandon, from Wolfgang Puck to Rachael Ray to Paula Deen, whom he called, quote, "the worst, most dangerous person to America." And then of course there was the years-long feud with Guy Fieri, after Bourdain remarked to TV Guide that he looked like a Simpsons character. Perhaps Bourdain's most intense clash, though, was with the entire Food Network. After his first TV show, "A Cook's Tour" saw relative success, Bourdain was ready to continue traveling the world, and exploring out-of-the-box and unknown cuisines. However, the Food Network wanted him to crank out ratings by focusing on familiar domestic comforts, like barbecue. So Bourdain walked away, made a deal with the Travel Channel, and soon after "No Reservations" was born. No one would disagree that Anthony Bourdain was the type of person to call things exactly as he saw them. It was something that many people admired, and it was also something that got him in hot water sometimes. Interview after interview can be found of him blasting off snarky comments about fellow celebrity chefs, the pitfalls of Western dining culture, politicians, and more. If Bourdain had something to say, the world was going to hear it. But those who knew him best experienced a whole other Anthony Bourdain, one that was reserved, a little goofy, extremely humble, and kind. Brasserie Les Halles owner, Philippe Lajaunie, told GQ that he remembered Bourdain as being, quote, "very quiet, almost timid." Close friend and fellow chef Éric Ripert recalled that "he never complained about anything." Speaking to Vanity Fair, many of the fixers who worked with Bourdain recalled how he respected and engaged them in ways not commonly seen in the industry. But perhaps chef and friend Gabrielle Hamilton summed it up best, telling GQ, "Tony lavishes you with love and friendship and generosity and kindness... it was breathtaking to be loved by him." The culinary world and the millions of others who cherished Anthony Bourdain were brought to a standstill with the tragic news of his death on Friday, June 8, 2018. CNN reported that Bourdain was in France filming a new episode of "Parts Unknown” along with French chef Éric Ripert when he died. It was Ripert, a longtime close friend of Bourdain's, who found him unresponsive in his hotel room at the Le Chambard Hotel in Kaysersberg that morning. French authorities quickly ruled the 61-year-old's death a suicide. After his death, CNN and the show's production company, Zero Point Zero, decided not to air the episode Bourdain was working on at the time, set to showcase France's Alsace region. They did, however, decide to honor Bourdain's work and legacy by piecing together a final season of "Parts Unknown." From the moment the news broke of Anthony Bourdain's death, his impact on the world became even more clear. Tributes came pouring in like a tidal wave from those who knew him, worked with him, briefly met him, or only ever saw him through their TV screens. Millions came together to mourn the loss of a great chef, and an even greater teacher, who demonstrated how to experience food, embrace its power to bridge divides, and use that power to better understand life and humanity. One thing is for sure — Anthony Bourdain will never be forgotten. Lydia Tenaglia, the co-founder of ZPZ Productions, said after Bourdain's death that the work he started will carry on in his honor. She told GQ, "Through all these years of working with him, through osmosis, we have the same creative force and integrity as that guy... And we're trying to move forward with it." Bourdain's brother, Christopher, told the TODAY Show that he hopes people learn from Bourdain's open-mindedness when interacting with unfamiliar people and places, and come to appreciate diversity in the wholehearted way he did. Filmmaker Morgan Neville, speaking with CBS News, described Bourdain as "THE advocate in our society for how we can treat people on the far side of the planet as dimensional people who have their own dreams and loves and families and hopes... that is the greatest achievement that he had." If you or anyone you know is having suicidal thoughts, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).

  Top Comments:
  1. @Koropokel [1 likes]: Understandable after what his girlfriend did
  2. @stevedom1: the hard drugs & drinking probably affected his brain too
  3. @FrancisLegault-w9i: I saw him on a river bed in Chamonix, France. I was there on a ski trip. It was a little weird. What was he doing there?   I could have screamed a hello tony but I’ve heard that he was a little bit of an ass to people i was afraid that he’d tell me to take a hike. Want a fan of his. 
I just watched his show covering my home Province of Quebec and the great food and got to judge him with my own eyes. His “joy de vivre” the joy in every bite, the joy he spread onto his guests. 
All this to say that he thought me a lesson. 
Don’t f^{^{ n judge… YOU DON’T HAVE A CLUE WHAT PEOPLE ARE GOING THROUGH!!!
RIP
  4. @atil-d5i: To get most out of life is a satanic creed of sucker who never thinks giving back to life while refusing to be a part of life and other people
  5. @Shuntae916: Most Chef's are mean I am hahaha love Anthony RIP sir 🙏 ❤️
  6. @mau345: He was definitely a force but it came with a price as many celebrities. Though his personality and hyper focus came with accolades - and im pretty sure he may not regret his life- i also wonder what his life might be if society was generally kinder to “outcasts” who deeply felt the world-he may have suffered from feeling unaccepted and his unbashful and destructive behaviour was his way of lashing out at the world- came with the price of hurting his relationships and himself. Sigh, be kind to yourself everyone
  7. @Solomon-x9m: Maybe he did kill himself and it wasn't his uproar of his new girlfriend and hate of this Hollywood pedaphile incident and was hilleried...
I could be wrong, or am i...
  8. @j.amadorcriesinspanishprod7595: This man was the interesting af
I think intelligence is dangerous because you are aware of so many details in life that you kinda just get sad and angry

Like saying

Why I have to live this amazing experience called life
If eventually Im gonna die
  9. @MrFartenheit: Bourdain was an angry, abusive, petulant child in a man’s body with too much influence and authority - a very dangerous combination for himself and those around him. I was a walking traffic accident: you can’t look away but you’re happy to be passing by.
  10. @Nastyasscan: He came across as a pretty amazing person and had a lot to offer the public.
  11. @Ristogod: Suicide is selfish.
  12. @eugeniaalvarez1638: Depression, or bad companion could result in a tragedy 😢. 
RIP.
  13. @TheREVIEWGUY1-ip1wm: He passed away because that woman was constantly cheating and he really loved her. He has social anxiety untreated.Why did he just walk away from a woman that never loved him and find a good woman man had it all..I loved no reservations watched it since day 1 still do .and he was on iron chef the original many times rip Anthony Bourdain
  14. @mygrammieis: I miss His Truth and Rawness
  15. @tiffanypage9077: I met him and Jack Rupert he was very down to earth.
  16. @LeScandal: The takeaway is this: for the working class in America, if you want to get out of eternal debt, simply write a best selling book and become a celebrity.

There – fixed it for you.
  17. @boogiedownforever: what a selfish person
  18. @tamiweir8041: Very sad. You just never know. Sounds like he had a good heart. I never heard of him till now. Interesting and sad. 61 isn't old.
  19. @jackiepowell7513: His traveling left him alone and that was a downside. Sadly.
  20. @taomahNEGEV: Asia. The witch.

- Johnny Depp Makes Over $3.6 Million After Debut Art Collection Sells Out in Hours | PEOPLE: Kind: captions Language: en johnny depp earned over 3.6 million dollars after releasing nearly 800 prints of his artwork through london's castle fine art gallery according to the sunday times the prince sold out almost immediately after becoming available on thursday this marks the 59 year old's first formal foray as an artist dubbed the friends and heroes collection the offering featured portraits of bob dylan elizabeth taylor al pacino and keith richards which were sold both individually and as a set according to the gallery depp focused on people he has known well and who have inspired him as a person for the pieces each limited edition portrait was listed online for just under four thousand dollars a set of four cost just over 15 grand in a statement the actor said he's always used art to express his feelings adding quote my paintings around my life but i've kept them to myself and limited myself no one should ever limit themselves the sale comes weeks after depp's ex-wife amber heard had her request for a mistrial denied by the judge who ruled that the verdict in their virginia defamation trial still stands on june 1st a verdict was handed down from the seven-person jury siding mostly with depp and awarding him over 10 million dollars in damages in the weeks since depp has been touring overseas performing with jeff beck with whom he released an album

  Top Comments:
  1. @cherieblossomarttravels [1 likes]: Wow, I never knew Johnny was an artist 🎨 Go Johnny - congratz on yr sell out exhibit 😀 ...if U ever want to exhibit wit an Aussie artist, give Moi a yell 👍
  2. @leylayorulmaz6665: 🟥☀️🟦💚🟥🟥☀️🟦💚🟥🟥☀️🟦💚☀️☀️💠☀️🟦🟦💚🟥☀️🟦💚🟥🟥☀️🟦🟥☀️🟦🟥☀️☀️🟦💚💚🟥🟥☀️🟦💚💚🟥☀️☀️☀️💚🟥🟥☀️☀️🟦💚🟥💠☀️☀️💚☀️☀️🟦🟥☀️☀️💚🟥🟥☀️☀️🟦💚🟥☀️☀️🟦💚💚🟥☀️☀️💚🟥☀️🟦🟥🟥☀️🟦💚🟥☀️🟦💚🟥💠☀️🟦💚💚💠☀️🟦💚🟥🟥☀️🟦💚
  3. @saranevillerogueart9627: I heard he just layers paint over enlarged color copies
  4. @StrangesSimo: Molto bene, bravo!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 Alla faccia di chi lo voleva finito ❤
  5. @MartinaDanielaSchreck: 🙏👍👍👍👍🖼🎨♥️
  6. @trustinjesus77: Yay for Johnny!🎉
  7. @margmcmillan: Congratulations on sales, listen to “the first time ever I saw your face” by Fleck
  8. @GodzillafriendMarker: 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻.
  9. @GodzillafriendMarker: Tree of life ARS MODUS VIVENDI for a Artists
  10. @catherinetelford8449: Wow I only wish to have on of painting,still Johnny is the most beautiful man in the world ❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @christihipes1556: Good for him.
  12. @mrlij6534: How are some mad at him for winning w simple art. Don't be mad At Johnny, he is a hustler, be mad at the fool buying the art. And if the fool has money to waste, let them, only good for the hustlers of the world
  13. @angiesmith8040: Hos creativity is amazing.
  14. @adamputu5448: Truly Artist
  15. @HairBare1: He just pains over existing artwork.  Printed images from famous artists just painted over.
  16. @rossanabachiorri833: Wonderfull talent ❤
  17. @4sh024: Hes actually a really great artist
  18. @Gearedfilm57: And they are great paintings unlike most "modern art"
  19. @jamessteffany9228: She got what she deserves!! Black listed from Hollywood!!😫😩😭💯
  20. @Verbsdescribeus: Johnny is a complex artist! So grateful to have attended 2 of his concerts!!!

- Anthony Bourdain  - Our Last Full Interview | Fast Company: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] look uninhibited creative freedom is something that I've been incredibly fortunate to have for the better part of my entire television career unlike anyone else I know of in television I've been free to do whatever I want to make the shows I want anywhere I want with whom I want in any style I want so I at first I don't know any other way and by now I won't have it any other way life is good why settle for Less and by the same token when you're given that much freedom and you're you you have essentially no interference and nothing but support behind you what you don't want to do is get lazy and bored and sloppy to me I'd much rather not make TV at all or make even unsuccessful TV then make competent television you know it's very easy to make a conventional travel or Food Show at this point it's it's like shooting corn it's the same shot sequence and the same sort of limited terminology you know how all of their little pieces work where you have to start and where you have to end I detest competent workmen like storytelling and I'm always very you know the times that we we do that I'm very unhappy with that I'd rather I'd rather fail look to be perfectly honest most of the people I've met who's been in the television industry for a long time their greatest fear is that they will not be in the television industry next year that they'll say something or do something or make a decision that will be so unpopular that they will lose their gig and won't end up back on television again I don't have that fear you know i well i admit i i wouldn't particularly enjoy going back to cooking short order I know I can if I have to I'm pretty sure I could keep up on an omelet station be open to experience be willing to try new things don't have a rigid plan accept random acts of hospitality without judgment or fear don't be afraid to wander don't be afraid to eat a bad meal you know if you don't risk the bad meal you'll never get the magical one but are the most important you know be humble be grateful be aware of the fact that you were probably the stupidest person in the room as far as you are the least prepared at least equipped person to know who's really in charge of what's really going on Oh I think I made of maybe before I started traveling I thought that the human race is a whole or you know could it would turn on itself at any moment you know venal petty cruel arbitrary and it's true that all of those things exist in this world but I need mostly pretty nice people doing the best they can often under very very difficult conditions I met a lot of very nice people who've done very very bad things that conflict with my deeply held conceptions of justice sexual equality or acceptable practice or religious use a lot of gray areas and travel but I think that on balance the world is filled with people doing the best they can you know who love their kids and you know would like to attend you know put on a clean shirt every morning and live their lives in the little dignity and have access to food and water I hope just like everybody else so no I've been fired many times Mike in my cooking career I've been fired a number of times I was not a particularly good chef I had a lot of problems at various points in my career with narcotics I was very deservedly fired on a number of occasions but I mean if you're talking about failure though you know I accepted failure as a chef because I was at various times a bad chef or even a bad person these days if I fail it's because I tried to do something and did not succeed or I I just was not able to do what I hope to do or wanted to do or maybe I tried to do something that is clearly in retrospect didn't work but I would much rather that I would much rather fail gloriously then not venture not try I'm not in as I said before I'm not interested in incompetent making telling telling stories with with competence I'm looking to tell them with some style and originality and some creativity that is interesting to me and the people I work with and there have been times that that that has resulted in failure meaning it didn't work they've been communicate anything like what I wanted too often the story I think I'm gonna get ends up being another story entirely that's even better we're very different that's good but there are other times ready to fail miserably you know I tried to do with Sicily shell again and it was not good they've not captured the place it did not didn't show us anything of value it did not live up to its the subtlety and beauty of its subject including powerful women storytellers for instance that is a that is something in which the show has lacked frequently it's something that where we consciously try to do better at but but it's also something that we fail at you know if you see a show that's all men talking that's not a tendency or a predilection on my part it's it's a failure it means for whatever reason we failed to find or convince women in a particular country where often culturally that's difficult but it's no excuse to to open up to us I think that's something we fell out probably more regularly regrettably than anything else and then there were there are shows where you know some people are just gonna hate it they just don't like the style they think it's self-indulgent they don't get it but that's kind of failure I like you know a powerful reaction one way or the other infinitely preferable to me than pleasing everybody if ever if I walk in a room where everybody agrees with me I find that frightening and dismay and and boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look I think in a lot of ways I think the answer to that question my answer that question stems from my history is an addict a lot of other addicts looked in the mirror everyday and did not see somebody worth saving even at my worst there was a level of vanity I guess I looked in the mirror and saw somebody who somebody deep in there regardless of how low I was by circumstances I had a high enough opinion of myself that I thought it's worth going forward I think a lot of people in a similar situation for whatever reason look in the mirror and see somebody that unworthy of good things and allow themselves or excuse a downward spiral because they don't really believe in their basic work I did you know so that's vanity I think it's the same Drive that allows me to tell stories in books and on TV because let's face it anybody who writes a book or goes on TV with the notion that they have a story worth telling that people might want to listen to you're really already by definition now a sort of an aberrant personality and a monster of self regard this is a very a reasonable attitude I have a unique I have a story that you will want to listen to for 10 minutes why would any reasonable I might make a living doing that some you might even want to pay for that story to the point that I could make a living doing that rather than washing dishes or preparing meals that's not normal that takes something and I don't know whether that's you know that's often very much at odds with with you know being a functioning well-rounded good person in the conventional sense that kind of vanity narcissism self regard self-importance and and cheerful willingness to examine your and share your feelings you know I think Brad Leibovitz said at one point you know you know if you're if you're sharing your feelings you know that's not sharing that's leaking my big break came when a woman in Karen Rinaldi who was an editor at Bloomsbury USA read an article that I had written for I two big breaks one I wrote a short piece and tending it for free paper in New York all of New York Press and they intended to publish it I was told but he kept bumping in week after week after week in a moment of hubris I listened to my mom's completely unreasonable suggestion that I send it to the New Yorker New Yorker calls it says we're running your story will buying your story they ran it that was a huge break for me because within 48 hours of editor at the Bloomsbury listen him Karen Rinaldi had read the article and commissioned me for the staggeringly high price of $50,000 to write a book and when that book came out it was immediately a best-seller and it changed my life overnight overnight I mean I was desperately in debt I hadn't paid my rent in time ever owed had owed Amex for 10 years without making a single payment owed the IRS hadn't even filed it was in very very very insecure place at age 44 suddenly people were offering me things and offering me opportunities and I think if I did I was old enough and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up enough already that I just said you know I realized this is a lucky break it was a lot unlikely to get another so I made very careful choices in that environment was very determined to not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I didn't go for easy money I didn't grab the first thing I did not give Food Network the show they wanted and I said no a lot to what seemed like a lot of money well look what's good for you in the short run is not necessarily good for you in a long run you know you're starting out as a writer you've written one book and somebody you got a TV show and somebody offers you a million dollars to you know represent an anti diarrhea medication well that's a lot of money in the short run but you're always gonna be that guy with the shit's you know that's a life sentence hey it's diarrhea guy yeah very we're all movie fans we're all people who understand that we're lucky that the degree of freedom that we have to do what we want shoot what we want everybody on my crew understands that if they have an idea like I'd like to tell this story backwards or I'd like to shoot this entire show an entire episode on a cell phone or black and white or a Panavision or 16-millimeter film let's make that happen I will support that and and I work thankfully in an environment where the people around me will support that so to the extent that it is possible for everybody to be creatively satisfied and try the things they always wanted to try we're all in that together you know but you know you have to have you work with me and most of the people I work with him work with me for a very long time I mean some of the shooters on my shelve it would mean 15 years Kristen Lydia who owns 0.0 the production company there were my original camera people on my first show for Food Network is to walk backwards together on their honey in front of me with these little Panasonic cameras like minefields in Cambodia just them still with them I've never made really never any television with anybody else gotta have a sense of humor gotta love movies got to know you cinematographers because if I you know start talking about Vittorio Storaro you don't know who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm talking about we're gonna have a problem and you don't work hard you don't have to give a pep talk everybody understands that we all expect of each other to do our best work every episode to be different to be more outrageous to be different and to be better and the people who take that talent seriously do well on my show and stick around and the ones who turn in competent work do not because I am [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] competent work well as a chef yes many many times have I gone you know I am I do not do the hire I am I am not the person I don't enjoy firing people but I would not hesitate to do so but I will go to the woman who is the executive producer of the entire series is in charge of hiring and firing I will not hesitate to go to her and sit down and say you know Paulie follow you I don't want to see him no more you know he needs a little ride out in a little Meadowlands this guy you know and this this jerk-off here is not gonna work out or this lazy there's lazy or I just don't like them I did just something creepy about him you know they're they're not funny they've got some annoying personal tick well that's okay but if it's just pedestrian competent playbooks stuff everybody understands that that's not what we do and after a few of those shows you were we either reassigned or take it out to the Meadowlands it's get the shovel we burn through people to their look it's hard if you're on the road as much as these crews are and working under conditions weather conditions and law and order conditions and living conditions like they do 12 14 15 hours a day Paul and equipment around that that wears on some people over time editors really great talented editors you know sitting there looking at a screen of me shoving food in my face you know for six years under the kind of pressure we put on editors to show us something dazzling every time people do burnout they just they just think they burnout and very reasonably reach point where they've had enough and it starts to show in their work and they might find themselves reassigned to one of our many other fine shows that the production company does sort of a private joke it's like if you start screwing up on my show is it you like hunting you like camping no no everybody knows thing you know if I if I come to you say you like camping hunting it's like that you understand I am displeased are you curious like early form I've admittedly I have very contradictory impulses here I'm I'm old school in a lot of ways I think you should at least know how to make a beef bourguignon correctly according to the original recipe to the degree that anything can be authentic you should know how to you know some dishes to me like cacio e pepe or a you know traditional Italian pastas I get really pissy if people riff on them you know you put chicken in a carbonara you lost me it's unforgivable sin against God but on the other hand you know you know they're guys that came out of blues and R&B who turned out to be Jimi Hendrix you know there are people who can riff on and improvise on classics and create whole new wonderful worlds and what is authentic is mostly meaningless anyone and it the tomato is not authentic Italian I mean it came from the new world Chinese food is always evolving so it's protective and instinctively hostile to new as I can be I know too many really creative chefs and I understand the changing world is it pleasurable I guess is the benchmark for me if you're gonna mess with a classic are you making something more dazzling that says look at me and how smart I am or are you in some way improving it is it pleasurable he's a chicken Caesar more pleasurable than a plain Caesar I think not I think the chicken takes away but that's my opinion you know Caesar salad who out what is how authentic how old's me that's not it's a modern creation the nacho the Caesar salad they're both well one is Mexican the other isn't the nacho a Mexican so it's a question I wrestle with a lot on the show by instinct I'm old school particularly when it comes to pasta and sushi I don't think God wants you to put cream cheese on sushi or mayonnaise on sushi ever ever and some and there are a few food crimes that I just think a beer and a beatin is in order yeah I'm a list-maker I'm relentlessly pathologically a punctual I think I think that comes from all those years as a chef that is a more importantly as a cook you know can you shut up late as a cook you're letting your people down in a very tangible way somebody else has to physically do the work do the setup or you lose the shift or you get fired as a chef cooks who showed up late who are disorganized and couldn't keep a lot of stuff going on in their heads they failed and when they fell we all went down with them so I am a relentlessly you know possibly even unhealthily you know anal-retentive of you know obsessive compulsive you know clean up after my when I'm cooking I'm cleaning up after myself constantly keep things organized I write lists I keep my schedule up-to-date I am never late and as part of that if I say to you I'm gonna meet you tomorrow at you know 12 minutes after 5:00 to see John wick 7 I will be there at you know 502 hanging out across the street discreetly observing the scene what time you show up and I'll be making some very important decisions based on your arrival time I'll be back it's a it's a curse and a blessing but I think everything important I ever learned I learned I learned is that there's a dishwasher and there's a cook you show up on time you organize you get you well you know you stay organized you clean up after yourself you think about the people you work with you respect the people you work with and like I said you do the best you can you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FastCompany [171 likes]: Here's more uncensored and uncut interviews: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwLwM1YNieA&list=PLnRttOxT9QlDM6hRiZfVllx2SlrSZ1eEH
  2. @dellakwan7263 [1 likes]: Japan is saying is Belling Leung getting in the way you can ask Japan Thai ?
  3. @kimsmith8858: How did he deal with random "I have to fit this question in" questions? Let the interview progress organically. Sheesh.
  4. @kimsmith8858: "Hey! It's diarrhea guy!" LMFAO!!!
  5. @kimsmith8858: I loved the Sicily episode! My favorite part was when Tony tried to throw the tomato seeds away! The women stopped mid-sentence and yelled "NO!" As an Italian and Sicilian, I've been saying that to him FOR YEARS! loL! Most real episode ever!
  6. @kimsmith8858: Be aware that you are the stupidest person in the room. Wise words that lead to the best adventures. Brilliant.
  7. @heftyer: I’m sorry, rest in peace but he’s an idiot.
  8. @DavidH-z6v: Anthony 15 year old bourdain
  9. @atvheads: He is drunk here. Please respect him.
  10. @howmuchadollarcost0: it is crazy how i miss this man so much even though i didn't meet him
  11. @DianeMoga-Roach: 1:06
  12. @agentmerc: poor dude fell in love and dated an italian actress who was a gold digger and after he helped her with a lof of money she appeared holding hands and kissing another younger guy on a magazine, that must have destroyed this guy and he took his life shortly after.
  13. @vxnpxwers11: Miss you alot, Anthony. Hope you are at peace. Thanks for being a huge part of my childhood🙏
  14. @Imaginepeace1: Clean shirt and good food
  15. @selenasimmons6653: I watched him since day 1 of A Cook's Tour...I truly enjoyed his  shows...TV ain't been TV for me since...He showed A LOT!! So much so I go back & watch all the shows and find something new each time...he said A LOT.... I mean A LOT....He inspired so many...I hope history's pen does him well...🕊️🙏🏽✨🤍
  16. @princhipessa1969: What a loss! Respect Mr. Bourdain so much 💔 2026 and still missing him.
  17. @goducks20101: The most poignant episode of Anthony's occurred while filming in the Middle East. 
There was an attack; he and his crew were shuttled from Hotel to Hotel before being evacuated. 
At one stop, he cooked dinner; it kept everyone sane. 
I am happy and honored to have indirectly met him. 
He is missed, but not forgotten.
  18. @timothymf7638: We miss this man so much and his shows. He was an amazing storyteller. RIP AB >>> BT 🇨🇦
  19. @martincannon4806: you were never our "diarrhea guy", thanks Tony
  20. @Shuntae916: I'm watching him right now love him 💕 🙏

- S2 E12: How to Taste Wine Differently - Slowing Down and Noticing More: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Suitcase and Chardonnay, the podcast where style meets storytelling and where we blissfully blend travel, fashion, food, wine, and intentional living. I'm Renata Ingelra, your host, and this is the space where you can find inspirational lifestyle tips, explore beautiful local and international destinations, and share slow luxury moments and the little details that make life feel richer. In this second season, we are leaning even deeper into life's unique experiences. From boutique hotels and family weekend escapes to thoughtful food and fashion, soulful conversations about wine, creativity, and conservation, and the art of slowing down without losing your sense of adventure. Whether you're listening on a morning walk, planning your next getaway, or simply craving a moment of inspiration, you're in exactly the right place. If you love lifestyle podcasts that celebrates travel, fashion, food, and wine, go ahead and follow or subscribed so you'll never miss an episode. And if something resonates, save it, share it, and let it travel further than we ever could alone. Now, if you're ready, let's go. As we've been exploring the theme sensitive souls see more this month, I found myself returning to the idea that the most meaningful experiences in life aren't always obvious. They're the subtle ones, the ones you feel before you fully understand them. And I think wine is such a beautiful reflection of that because yes, we can talk about tasting notes, structure, and teroir, but sometimes a glass of wine holds so much more than that. It holds memory, emotion, a sense of place, a moment in time. Today's episode is all of that and more. It's soft and reflective. We're stepping into the world of storytelling through wine and what it really means to create something that people don't just taste but feel. On this episode, my guest is the lovely Mika Ingelra, head wine maker at Midlingshoff Wine Estate. She is a wine innovator who truly captures stories in bottles. and I was lucky enough to meet up with her at the beautiful Alpine Attitude Boutique Hotel and Conference Center during her recent visit to Pritoria. Nestled in the heart of Menlo Park in Pritoria, Alpine Attitude Boutique Hotel and Conference Center is where style and comfort go handinhand with luxurious hotel rooms and self-catering units perfect for your accommodation needs. Boasting three modern venue areas, Alpine Attitude is the perfect option for your next corporate gathering, workshop, wedding, birthday, or baby shower. Take a look at their latest packages, which range from harvest inspired high tees to generous buffets and formal culinary experiences. Visit alpineatitude.co.za for more information. Two Engle Breaths on a couch today. Mika Angelbrat from Natlang's hoof on the episode. Um, and I'm so excited to have you here today, Mika. Um, and I I had to chat to you while you were in Pritoria. Doesn't happen happen often. >> No. Um, but thank you so much for your time and um, I'm very excited to hear more about what you do um, there on the farm, but specifically around storytelling through wine. um because I think that was the main theme for my blog and the podcast this month and specifically around the theme of sensitive souls see more and I wanted to understand your way of thinking when it comes to storytelling through the wines that you make. Um but first of all let's just introduce you to the listeners and um explain to them exactly where where you are based. Um we are not well I am not living in Stellenbos so maybe you can just explain to them exactly where the farm is located and your role at Netling. >> Yeah so I'm the wine maker at Netlings. Um have been for the past three years. Um I actually studied the viticulture anology at the University of Stalenbos and as part of your final year of your studies you have to go into um a commercial seller and you have to do a practical for at least 3 months and I did my internship at Nitlings off. >> Oh really? That's amazing. >> Yeah. So it's a little bit of a full circle moment. I also got my first real job at Netling. Um, so yeah, it's it's it's really special to be able to see how they also do the product development behind certain stories that we want to we want to tell. >> But before we go into that, Netings Off is basically based just outside Stalenbos on the Pula road as you are heading uh to Kel's visit. So it's literally a 5minute drive out of central town. >> Okay. >> Amazing. Yeah. I mean we all know Stellen Bosch wines. any wine lover would know Den wines. Um so maybe you can just tell us a little bit more about the wines that you focus on, the varieties that you you enjoy working with most. >> So with Nang also it's it's quite a full spread. So we work with 12 or 13 different cultivars. Uh six white varieties, uh seven red varieties. Um so you kind of get a exposure to quite a quite a bit working there. Um, white wines, uh, we predominantly focus on a lot of Sovio Blanc and then also some Shenon and Chardonnay and then some lesser known white varietals which are more seen as niche varieties like wristling and strainer. But on the red side, our big focus is is Pinto and then Bordeaux red Gab Sav, Gab Frank, we have Mo, Malbeck, Petty Vero cross the bank. Um, and then Shirro as well, but predominantly our soils and our climate uh tend to show very well on the on the Berdo cultivars. >> Yes. Speaking about soils and climates, what would you say if you could identify or characterize the the teroir of of the farm just for the listeners who are interested in a bit more >> yes on the technical side of things. >> So typically we have the Mediterranean climate so hot warm summers and wet winters. Um obviously having variation in the rainfall the the past couple of years. Um but typically also we have quite fertile soils. Our predominant profiles for the soil nerds out there is tulu and oak leaf. Um so quite rich very um very good soils for uh planting um vineyards and establishing vineyards. Um they also have quite good water retention. So it keeps the it keeps the um moisture in the soil. So we only do supplement irrigation and uh yeah overall we also recycle our affluent water from the cellar and we re we reuse that for irrigation of certain certain blocks on the farm. >> Yeah. >> And for people visiting um Netlings Hoff what are the activities and things that they can expect to experience there you know aside from the wine? So currently we are working on restoring our restaurant that will be opening hopefully in September this later this year. >> So it's quite exciting and a little bit daunting at the same time um because the timeline it's around the corner. Um but at the moment we we cater for quite a few uh pairings that we can accommodate quite big uh groups of people with a salad tour doing a a tasting experience but then we also try and accommodate the kitties. So, we have a fullon kitty sparing that you can bring the little ones along if the parents want to spend a little time at the at the farm as well. >> Oh, very cool. That sounds very cool. So, what do they then do with the kids exactly? >> So, they basically we have a flash food pairing where it's different bite-siz treats with five different wines, but then they have a like a juice and a milkshake paired with three bite sizes as well. So, they feel like they're part of the experience as well. Um, but we also have a a playground based just next to the tasting room, so you can keep them busy outside while you are in the wine garden as well. >> Very cool. So, talking about stories, um, I wanted to touch a little bit on on your specific range called short stories or short story range. Is that correct? >> Um, how did that come about? So it was I think in the early 2000s 2010 around there where they wanted to create a separate allocation for the more premium wines we are uh producing because within the state range uh most of our wines are line priced between the white and the red wines but then also you can't just produce a wine that's on the same quality all over. you have some special blocks that you want to elevate and showcase what you are specifically doing. Um, and the short story collection came about because it's about a collection of stories either telling you about the history of the farm or one of our conservation practices as we are a WWF conservation champion. >> Um, and also playing back to the history of the farm where we were recognized as one of the first 14 estate producers. So it actually reflects the teroir so good because all your grapes need to be grown on the farm. It needs to be processed there and it needs to be bottled on site. Um so something that can capture that specific a lot of the wines in the range are um single vineyard wines and when it's blends it's it's something to showcase what um the true profile of the of the state is. >> Yeah. And that's very interesting. I think um you know for me personally wines always come with a bit of a story whether it is the teroir which is often very interesting for me um but also you know if there's an individual who inspired the wine or like you say the history of the farm or something like that it's always you kind of want to buy that bottle for the story. Um, and I always wonder if there is a way that these stories have an effect on your experience when you taste the wine. Do you think? >> I definitely do because sometimes also if you go to a specific uh festival and you have a wine there, you might have three different wines from your estate range, but then you have one from the short story collection and then people will say, you know what, that one is my favorite. And even though um it's slightly distinctive from a wine that was maybe from the same cultivar but in the state range um you need to have that distinction and you have a little bit of a more of a connection with somebody due to the story whether it's >> because they like the history or they like the conservation practice. Uh I think people tend to buy into the wine a little bit more. >> Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I think I mean it it almost come becomes a bit of a collectible item as well for some people because they they buy the wine for the story and not just for the wine itself. >> Um and then they struggle to drink it because they don't want to open the bottle. >> Yeah. Or they like the picture. So some somewhere somehow you have a lot more touch points for somebody to engage in because sometimes it's that first point. Maybe you're at a wine festival like WineX and somebody passes your table and they see the picture and they want to know what is the story about and why is it different from the rest of the labels um that you have on the table for example. >> Yeah. So in the short story range or collection what would you say is your favorite story? Um I I tend to really love the story about the outpost. Um it links back to one of our conservation practices where we physically put out different outposts in the vineyards to help with rodent control. >> Um it's a more natural way of going about it. Um, and even though it focuses on the owls using the post um, going through the vineyard specifically in summertime, we have a lot of um, small falcon that actually also use it during the daytime and the owls use it more at night time. So, we have a little bit of a double up and a 24-hour watch with the owlpost, >> but also um, we have quite a big population of the spotted eagle owls on the farm. Um they actually tend to also use the um acorn trees that sometimes they get these hollow areas in their trunks and they use it as a at a as a breeding site to nest um which is quite special because if you get to see these beautiful owls close up um >> I mean it's it's really special and it's really amazing to see. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's incredible that they are also, you know, part of the whole system and the the process of getting the wine into the bottle, which is quite special. Sure. >> Um, and if you would have to recommend one of these wines to a listener who doesn't know Hof, what would you say which which would be the first wine you would recommend? >> I think I would recommend the first flower. It's a it's a new wine that we actually added uh and released in the last two weeks um which is a wooded shenan >> because in historically in our short story range we only used to have two different types of soio blanc and then a white blend >> um and also being South Africa being in Stalin Bosch Shenon is one of the the cultivars that we work with quite a lot. Um, so it's quite a nice new addition to to the family of the short story collection. Um, and it's also a new a new story to to tell. >> So, it's linking to um one of the previous owners, um, Maria Mar. >> It was they were one of the owners or the second owners in the early 1780s. And Maria had a husband. He was the main Mar, if I can call it that way, farming the land. Um they did quite extensive investment and development of the property, planting some vineyards, also building the cellar. They planted some tobacco um which was quite weird when I when I read the story. Um but they had quite a big in impact in terms of the of the uh establishment of the vineyard. >> Um they ended up having five children >> and then unfortunately her husband passed away. So the feisty widow that she was, she ended up building and finishing the mana house on the farm that was completed in I think the early 1800s. Um, which is quite something kind of unusual for that period in time uh for a woman running the farm alone with her five children. Um, and then in the gable of this Cape Dutch building, she embedded six little flowers representing herself and the six children. But then also reflecting back to Shenan which used to be the first cultivar that buttered on the farm. >> Oh wow. Yeah, that's very special. >> So you'll have to go and have a look at the different wines in this collection because they clearly all have different stories to tell and very special stories. And obviously it's >> even more special if you can listen to these stories on the farm, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, we have a tasting experience where you can literally taste all of the short story collection wines in in in the same flight. So, you can really grasp and capture the whole history um in terms of what we were trying to do when we when we designed the wines and the stories behind them. >> Yes. Yeah. And the labels of these wines. So they all have a different uh picture basically on them um representing something that connects to the story uh whether it is the conservation practice or the reflection on on the history. So they look a lot different than the normal estate range which have our very historic stonebine avenue that you drive through as you are heading to farm. >> Ah Mika thank you so much. I am very intrigued with all these stories. I'm definitely going to come and visit >> and taste all of these wines on the farm because that's so much more special. >> Um but yes, good luck with your visit here in Pritoria and um I'll see you on the farm. >> Thank you. Thanks for having me. >> For me, there is something really beautiful about the idea that a bottle of wine can hold so much more than just what's inside. that it can carry moments, stories, even pieces of the people who created it. And maybe that's what this month has really been about. Noticing more, feeling more, allowing ourselves to slow down enough to experience things fully. Whether that is a place, a piece of clothing, a conversation, or even a glass of wine. Next time you pour a glass, be sure to pause, to notice, to reflect. Thank you so much for spending some time with me on Suitcase and Chardonnay. If you enjoyed this episode, I'd love for you to follow the podcast or subscribe on your favorite platform. It truly helps the show grow and helps others to discover it, too. You can find more stories, travel tips and reviews, style inspiration, and curated recommendations over on the blog at Suitcase and Chardonnay, where each episode often lives on in written form with links, visuals, and deeper details. For daily fashion inspo, behindthe-scenes moments, and slow living storytelling, come and say hi on Instagram, Facebook, or Pinterest, just search for Suitcase and Chardonnay. And if this episode sparked something for you, don't forget to save it or share it with someone who loves travel, fashion, food, and wine as much as you do. Until next time, keep chasing beauty, spotting the little things, traveling with intention, and finding joy in everyday things.

- Adventure in Bordeaux France? Fun in The World's Most Iconic Wine Region!: Kind: captions Language: en (wine pouring) (upbeat music) - Bienvenue à Bordeaux. Quite possibly the most famous wine region on the planet, welcome to Bordeaux, France. If this is new territory for you, get excited. Bordeaux has been the gold standard in the world of winemaking for centuries. The mere mention of it conjures images of grand châteaus with even grander reputations. But if you think you do know Bordeaux, think again. Yes, this region has some of the most prestigious and expensive wines ever sold, but that's only part of the story here. We're gonna meet an entirely new generation of winemakers, a generation that's making wines in every style and price imaginable. From fun sparkling rosés' and reds for any weeknight, to more serious whites and famed wines for dessert. There's a Bordeaux wine for every occasion. Your dad's precious Bordeaux collection may be impressive, but it's time to get to know all that Bordeaux has to offer. Welcome to Bordeaux, and welcome to "V is for Vino." While there are flight options directly to Bordeaux, I opted to fly into Paris and hop on a train for a little more adventure. Normally, it takes about 5 1/2 hours to drive between the two cities. But by bullet train, we're faced with only two. Gotta love Europe! Bordeaux is both a city and a wine region about 310 miles from Paris in southwest France. The good soil in this region, along with its access to the Atlantic via the Garonne River, makes it ideal for wine growing. So much so, that there's actually evidence of wine being grown here as far back as the 1st century AD. Bordeaux's first big break wasn't until the 12th century though when a royal marriage solidified England's ownership of Bordeaux for over 300 years. This allowed England to import Bordeaux wine and promote it across the globe. The next big push for Bordeaux came from the Dutch in the 16th century. During this time, the entire left bank of the river was unusable swamp and marsh. So the Dutch used their technology to drain the land in order to transport wine easier, and simultaneously opened up that whole side of the river for wine growing. If you know Bordeaux, you know that this area, now called the Médoc, is where some of the most famed wines in Bordeaux come from. By the late 1600s, some of the châteaus we know today were starting to gain reputations. People weren't asking for just any ol' Bordeaux wine. They wanted their favorite producers. By the 1700s, the boundaries for these specific AOCs, or appellations, were being drawn. By the 1800s, Bordeaux was pretty well-known, but it was nothing compared to the grand stage they're about to be on. See, in 1855, something happened that changed the wine world and Bordeaux forever, but we're gonna save that story till we're in the city. Worth it, right? (energetic music) Alright, so the 1855 classification is one of those instances in history when a seemingly small event has enormous, unexpected, long-term ramifications. It all started as a simple request from King Napoleon III. In 1855, Napoleon III decided to throw his own sort of world's fair in Paris, called a Universal Exposition. One of the things he wanted to show the world was just how amazing French wine was. Easy enough, right? So he asked the Bordeaux Chamber of Commerce to come up with a list of the best châteaus to present at the event. They weren't thrilled at the task. It'd be like if you were told to go rank your children. Sounds impossible, but they did it nevertheless. The Bordeaux Chamber of Commerce proceeded to rank 61 châteaus into 5 different categories, based on the price wines were currently selling at. The wines that were selling at the highest price were called first growths, and then second growths, et cetera, down to fifth growths. (bright music) The list included only a small fraction of Bordeaux wines. Almost all of them were in the Médoc region, which is just one part of Bordeaux, and almost all of them were red. And most importantly, no one intended this list to be used past Napoleon's Universal Exposition. Never mind have it be the end all be all of lists forever. In fact, it was written almost entirely on the back of an envelope, but the list stuck. And nearly two centuries later, the 1855 classification still affects the pricing and reputation of a lot of wines. Many on the list have now become collector wines and are sold at auctions for thousands of dollars, or even as futures, which are wines that are sold even before release. I've had the opportunity to try a lot of these cru, or top of the list, wines. And listen, they're all great wines, but the classification of 1855 is by no means a comprehensive list of all that Bordeaux has to offer. In the same year, Sauternes and Barsac made a classification as well. Eventually, the right bank also wanted their own classifications. So they wrote the St. Émilion Classification in 1955. And everyone was at it, Graves wanted one too. They wrote their own classification in 1953 and once again in 1959. Then there's the more modern producer-made classifications, the Cru Bourgeois and the Cru Artisan. You also have a whole bunch of areas with no classifications whatsoever, like Pomerol, or Enter-Deux-Mers. Add to these lists all of the different appellations there are, and it's no wonder why some people are intimidated when they first learn about Bordeaux wines. But here's the good news! You don't have to worry about any of these classifications if you don't want to. Because if we've learned anything from our history lesson, it's that being on a list may sound important, but it doesn't necessarily mean that much. All of Bordeaux, classified or not, makes great wine. And, unlike some regions where you need to spend an arm and a leg to just get your foot in the door, really good Bordeaux wines can be had at all different price points and in all different styles. If you wanna spend hundreds of dollars on a special occasion wine from a famous château, great, you can do it. But just know that classified growths are only 2% of Bordeaux wines. 90% of wine here is under $50 a bottle. Plus, Bordeaux produces 600-900 million bottles per year. That is a ton of amazing wine at a solid price point. To put that in perspective, the entire Napa Valley makes around 120 million bottles per year. And despite its bold reputation, Bordeaux makes a lot more than just red wine. There's incredible whites, rosés, dessert wines, and even sparklers. This means that whatever the time or place, there's a high quality, affordable Bordeaux wine ready to be had. Bordeaux is one of the most loved French cities around. It's relaxed, laid back, and livable. There's so much to see and do, especially for wine lovers. So I needed a guide to help me comb through it all. This is Alex. He's a teacher at the L'Ecole De Vin Wine school in Bordeaux, and just generally one of the most knowledgeable gentlemen I know when it comes to the region. So this is downtown Bordeaux? - This center, yeah, the historic center of Bordeaux. - So you are not French as I can clearly tell. Where are you from? - I'm from Scotland. - Okay. - Hence the outrageous accent. - Yeah. And what brought you here? - Originally, I studied to be a translator. Came to Bordeaux to translate video games, a lot of things. Best job ever for a little while. Then I kind of got into wine just through being in Bordeaux. - Okay, so you just came and said... You never left basically. - Yeah, I'm the tourist who never left. That's pretty much me. - What was it that drew you here and said, "All right, this is the place where I'm gonna actually stay long-term"? - Just love the city. Just a nice place, it was easy. Bordeaux feels quite small. It's human size. It's not a massive place. Barcelona can be quite intimidating or London quite intimidating, but Bordeaux is really friendly. - It is kind of the perfect big small town, but the at the same time, it is a huge region. There's enough to explore to keep you busy for decades. - Oh, for sure. It's massive. As soon as you go and see the center and you start actually looking at the vineyards and the reach of Bordeaux as an appellation, it's enormous. - What's cool is that it's not one direction. It's literally every direction you go, you will be in wine country. - Absolutely. - And Bordeaux is kind of the epicenter or the heartbeat of it. - There's always new things happening, the new generation of winemakers. There's always new things, new bars opening, new events happening. - From a wine perspective, when you say, okay, it's modern and it's also got this tradition, I mean, when I think of Bordeaux wine and when you study it, you study the big houses, you study the classification, but that's not the whole story. - No, not at all. When you first look at Bordeaux, you see all the big names, you see the Grand Cru like you said. But the Grand Cru is maybe 5% of the châteaus in Bordeaux, maybe. - Wow. - So for me, the important thing is to try and find things outside of the classification, find new things, find different things. There's always someone trying something new, a new variety, a new aging system, new things in biodynamics to trying... There's a lot of testing going on. - Very cool. So we're heading now to the L'Ecole. - We're gonna to the L'Ecole de Vin, so the wine school, which is just over there. - Okay, this is L'Ecole De Vin. And what classes are taught here? - Loads of different ones. Blending workshops, basic level tasting classes, cheese and wine pairing. chocolate and wine is one of the new ones. The cocktail workshops, sort of making cocktails with the white wines of Bordeaux. - This is where you work, you teach, but it's also a wine bar. - Yes, so this is the downstairs part. This is the bar a vin, wine bar. - [Vince] All these wines that are in these bar are kind of subsidized rather. - [Alex] Yeah. - So that you can come in as out of towner and try some wines that would be maybe be inaccessible otherwise. - It's not a profit organization. They're not trying to make money. It's not a wine bar in the true sense of the word. So you can have... Look, we've got a 2016 Pomerol, the most expensive wine, at eight euros. - Some of these are two or three euro. - Yeah, you can come in have a glass of Crémant for like 3 Euros. - Yeah, I mean I love Europe. Bordeaux is just is Bordeaux. There's other regions that maybe have similar soil, but there's something so distinct about Bordeaux that is I think I think part history, party terroir, part tradition. - You were talking earlier about the wines in California. Those more stereotype wines, the fruit bombs. Bordeaux tends to be a little bit earthier, be a little bit more gritty perhaps, old school. - All right, so what's our next stop on our Bordeaux tour? - We'll go ahead to the Citeé du Vin. - What is that? - The wine museum. - Wine museum? - I've never heard of a wine museum. - Well, you're about to. (Vince laughs) - To get to our very high tech museum, we decided to take some very low tech transpiration. Biking has always been bigger in Europe than in the states, and the bike lanes are really well designed. They usually have a separate curb so you're nowhere near the cars, and digital rentable bikes are available everywhere. I love seeing cities on bike, because its the perfect medium between zipping by too fast to see the sights in a car and taking too long to get there by walking. And Bordeaux is just large enough where biking in beneficial, but small enough to where it doesn't take too long to get from a to b. We arrived at the Cité du Vin, the museum of wine. The building alone is an architectural wonder, meant to look like wine pouring into a decanter. Once inside, you pick up your digital key, which looks a bit like a phone, that unlocks all the exhibits. The first thing you're greeted with is a panorama of wine regions from all over the world. But that was just the start. Okay, so I got my phone. Tap? - Yep. - All right, it opens up. It tells you the climate. This is so cool. And then I say I wanna hear from her. This is great. She comes and tells you. This is kinda like what I always try to do in the show. It's like virtual tasting, virtual visiting. - It's kinda matrix-y, isn't it? This is cool. You can touch everything. All the exhibits are interactive, and I have no idea how they gathered this much information. Globes that tell you what grapes are grown where, in what percentages, how many wineries there are, and more. A walkthrough on the worlds history of wine. Details on every single grape, its profile, what it looks like. - This shows you the shape of the grape, the vine leaves. The winemaking process from start to finish in giant yeast strains. Giant touchable wine bottles detailing the styles of wine. I guess I don't know what I expected when I came in here, but it was not this. I moved through virtual ancient worlds, talked with master sommeliers. And my favorite part? Smelling recreated wine aromas. Where was this when I was studying for my exam. - For exams, yeah. - Yeah, where was this? This is crazy. - [Alex] But they're similar, same. - [Vince] How did they do this? - [Alex] I wish I knew. - This is mind-blowing. this might be my favorite part so far. There's a killer wineshop, a top floor with views of the city and tasting bar, a library, and I'm sure other things I missed. There's just so much in here. I can't think of a better city than Bordeaux to host this museum. A place that's been so iconic to the wine world should be the place that houses its history. Hey, Vino fans. I wanna talk to you about signing up for Vino VIP. And since I don't wanna bother you with a ton of commercials while you're trying to watch the show, I wanna put all the cliche marketing angles into just this one. Here we go. (somber music) I know we come off as a big production, but the reality is the entire operation is myself and a few other part-time employees. We're not affiliated with a studio or TV channel. We really wanna keep the show going, but literally can't do it without your help. So please, if the show has entertained you, helped you learn or pass a wine exam, if I've answered your DMs and questions, or if the show has just brought you value in any way, support the small business that provided it, and join Vino VIP which is our very own membership program. If you enjoy the show, joining Vino VIP is a must anyway. Membership starts at just $5 a month, and here are some of the benefits. Early access to all our videos, including new episodes of the show. Every quarter, I host a virtual tasting and Q&A just for VIP members. Every month, we raffle off wine glasses and prizes. And once a year, even have a big winner who gets a personalized tasting where I send wine and food to your house and host a tasting for you and your friends. Plus, if you're a gold member or platinum member, you get your name in the credits of an episode. Kinda like this. I never wanna charge for individual episodes or, worse yet, be unable to make the show at all, but that's why we need support from those of you who can. It's only $5, which is less than a Starbucks coffee, so it's really in reach. Everybody assumes that their support won't make a difference, but I promise you it does. Look at all these pretty members-only content you're missing out on. Behind the scenes videos, episode commentaries, and full-length interviews that be seen nowhere else but our members-only session. The first month is free. You literally have nothing to lose. I know this was long, but everything I just said is 100% true. We have tens of thousands of fans. And even if a small percentage of you joined, we could keep making videos for you in the long term. And the last perk is they can start watching episodes in the members section, and you don't have to hear this pitch or see ads ever again. Thank you to our existing Vino VIP members, and thanks for considering joining. I've experienced a handful of wine regions at this point, but always on foot. So why not switch it up? Like, all the way up. Adventure Vince was excited at the chance to see Bordeaux from way up in the sky, albeit in a tiny, little plane. Oh, and then there's motion sickness Vince, and well, he was gonna have to suck it up for a bit. Château Venus is a winery, but also offers several different tours of Bordeaux from the sky. - In 2005, we started the winery. And a couple of years after, we decided to start flights. Because when you fly, you see the different place I will see Graves, Sauternes, Entre-Deux-Mers. - You can see the whole region. - Oh yes, all the region, the river, the village, Grand Cru Classé also. Five years after, we have five planes. - Oh you have five planes now. - And we fly every day. And so now anybody can come and take the tour with you. - Everybody. We have kids flights. We have fantastic flights, short, long, depends on what you want to see. - Are we ready to go up? - Yes, we are ready. - All right, let's do it. I strapped in, buckled up, and prepared for takeoff. Once we we were up, you really could see the region. The maps I studied for so many years, all laid out in front of me in real life. While I'm getting my overhead tour of the region, allow me to give you yours. Bordeaux runs along the 45th parallel, which is known as one of the great winemaking lines of latitude in the world. This parallel also runs through parts of the Rhône Valley, Piedmont, and Willamette Valley in Oregon. The largest AOC in Bordeaux is simply that, the Bordeaux AOC. For the base level of the Bordeaux AOC, the grape can come from anywhere in Bordeaux and the rules are pretty minimal. There's also a bunch of sub categories, but just know that this level has the most flexibility. The next level is Bordeaux Supérieur. These wines also can come from anywhere in Bordeaux, but they have stricter requirements for the grapes and aging. Okay, now let's get into the real fun stuff, the commune AOCs. Here at the top level, there are fairly strict geographic and quality controls in place. There are two main parts to Bordeaux, the left bank and the right bank. If you only take one thing from this entire conversation, remember this. Places in the left bank, or the left side of the river, make Cabernet Sauvignon based blends, and places in the right bank make Merlot based blends. Got it? Good. Now while there are 65 different AOCs in Bordeaux, there's a few worth calling out. The left bank is most well known for the Médoc, Haut-Médoc, and Graves. Within these AOC's you'll find the five most famous communes that produce all of the wines we talked about earlier in the 1855 classification. On the right bank, you have equally famous Merlot producing communes, Pomerol and St. Émilion. Where the river splits is the aptly named Entre-deux-mers, which means between two tides, and is known for its dry white wines from Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon Blends. You have Sauternes and Barsac, famous for their botrytis white dessert wines from Sémillon. And finally, you've got the laid back Côtes de Bourg which are five appellations spread across the region that produce all colors and styles. If a wine happens to have a classification of some sort, it's in addition to these location-based AOCs. Let's do a few examples with actual examples with bottles. Check out this label - the château name is the producer. Haut-Médoc is the AOC, or the place where the wine was made. Since we know Haut-Médoc is on the left bank, we know this is a Cabernet Sauvignon based blend. The Cru Bourgeois is a special classification awarded in addition to the commune designation. Let's do another. The producer is the château. St. Émilion is the place. And since we know its on the right bank, it's a Merlot based blend with more specific quality controls. And Grand Cru Classe is a classification awarded in addition to the commune designation. The more labels you see, the more it makes sense. There are a bunch of smaller communes all over Bordeaux that have plenty of great value wines as well. You might have to do some googling at first to learn their names, but that's okay. I do it too. Alright, I'd say it's time to get back on land and somewhere I'm a little more comfortable. A pleasure. Thank you very, very much. That was awesome. It's cool. (camera shutter clicking) (gentle music) Right up the road from my airplane landing zone was an often overlooked part of Bordeaux compared the famous left and right bank. This area between the two major rivers of the Garonne and the Dordogne is home to a lot of the hidden gems of the region. Sainte Croix du Mont, Loupiac, Cadillac, Entre deux Mers. Here's where you'll find famous Sauternes houses, walled villages with cobblestone streets, fossilized oysters walls from the ancient seabeds, and a lot of fantastic wineries, like Château Biac. Situated in Cadillac right along the Garrone river, it's unique location has some advantages, as I was about to find out. Plus, I was told the family that owned it was Lebanese like me, and they promised me dinner was in the works. How could I turn that down? You guys could've picked maybe a better spot. - No, it's terrible. My parents were looking for a place to retire. It was either Lebanon or here because we had fallen in love and made lots of friends here. And every time they look for property, they were like, "Okay, we need to find something, but the rule of thumb is no vines and definitely no wine production." - Oh that was the rule. - That was the rule. And Every time they would- - That obviously panned out. - Yeah, exactly. So they were looking for a property. And every time they looked, it was nice, but it wasn't this. And well, here we are. - [Vince] Now when you say there are great soils here, what does that mean? - We're quite lucky because we have soils from Saint-Émilion, so the right bank. We have soils from the Médoc, which is the left bank. - So you're kind of the best of both worlds, which probably allowed you to do a lot of different styles of wine. - We do a dry white, red, and sweet. - [Vince] Okay. - And that's down to the particularity of the property. So the Garonne River, you see it comes towards us, and then it curves around. Okay, and thousands of years ago, this was under water. - This was all under water. - This was all under water, but it always curved here. This is a natural bend. So what happened was as the river slows down, the deposits start to change. Because as it slows down, the lighter deposit sink. And as it accelerates out on the other side, on the curve, what happens is all the gravel gets pushed along. Here's a good example. He says looking for dirt. So as you can see, this is sandy clay. Okay? There's no gravel in here. - Yep, and this is your quintessential right bank soil. - Exactly. What's super weird is we're literally just going to cross this road, so that's what four meters, five meters, you got gravel. - And you can see it. Look at it. - You just got it here. - Yeah, you can see it in the ground. I know you may not be a soil nerd, but come on, that's really cool, right? A few more minutes chatting with Gabriel, and it was time to head down for a tasting. - Cheers to you. - Thank you for having me, first off. - Cheers. - Thank you, thank you. - You're most welcome. Felicie is made of very much a bit like a Burgundian wine, oak barrels and on the lees. - White Bordeaux is so unique because so many of them are doing it in this style, so you get the beautiful acidity from Sauvignon Blanc, but you get this richness that you just don't get with some of the super crisp high acid steel Sauv Blanc. - The sub soils are very rich in seashells and fossils. - When you get that saline minerality- - That's right. - The chalk minerality. It's the first thing and it's the focus to me of the wine. I talk mineral first, and then I'm looking for the fruit after, and that's what's fun. - What we try to do in Biac with our wines is focus on the personality, the character of the vintage. So the parents are the vineyard and the children are the vintages. - Okay, I love that. - And the children all look alike, and they look like their parents, but they're all different. So every year there could be a new child, and every year there's a new vintage. - That's a busy mother every year. - Yeah, mother nature. (both laughs) Now '14, I put it in because, unusually, we have a lot of Petit Verdot in the '14. It is there to reveal the other flavors, not to kill the other flavors. Thank you. - I get a beautiful floral component right away, like violets. - Very much so. - Good backbone, good structure. And what is nice about this, as opposed to places like Burgundy that are stuck with whatever the year gives them in that one grape, you have the flexibility of blending the way that can maybe assist in... I always say good winemakers make good wine in poor years. If you trust the winemaker and you trust the producer, that's where I say to put your heart. - So now we're going to go, finally, to the sweet wines. So again it's... But- - sorry, I'm already so happy. - Every year we've been able to produce botrytis based sweet wine. - And botrytis happens naturally. - Botrytis actually happens because of the river. The Sauternes, and Barsac, and all those regions is because, in the summer, late summer, you get a mist that comes from the river, and it favors the conditions for botrytis to grow. - Dried figs, dried apricot, marmalade. - Almost like smoke character. And this with, oh my, with the foie grass. - With the foie gras. - It's like the ultimate... This is one of the ultimate I'd say top five parings on the planet. As we finished our wines, Youmna and Gabriel threw some vines in a wheelbarrow, the vintner's version of coals on the fire. They grilled up some kofta, made some fattoush, Lebanese dishes that made me feel at home. An American boy eating Lebanese food in France, with some French, some Italians, and a Scott. Who'd've thought? The big deal in Bordeaux is blending, and that's how most wines here are made, by blending different grapes together. 100% varietal wines are pretty uncommon. There are five grapes used in Bordeaux red wines, and each lends a different characteristic to the wine. They allows each winemaker to have a unique style by blending the way that fits their personality, like a painter does with a color palette. As far as flavors go, red Bordeaux to me is super distinct. The soil lends to a dusty, graphite minerality that's really unique to Bordeaux. I haven't found it elsewhere, and personally, it's my favorite part of the wine. It's fruit character is usually in black currant and plum land, and violets and herbs are common as well. You even get a lot of oak aging with red Bordeaux which provides cedar and chocolate, or sometimes cappuccino notes. So how do we compare the two sides of Bordeaux? I like to say it's similar to golden retrievers versus Labradors, both dogs, both very similar, but different enough that you probably have a preference between the two. The left bank vs right bank comparison is also similar to Napa versus Sonoma. The left bank is a bit more famed, the estates a bit more grand, while the right bank is a little more rugged, there's a lot more space, and the wineries feel more like farms. Let's start with the left bank, which remember, are our Cabernet Sauvignon based blends. The reason it's Cab Sauv is because the left bank has well draining, gravely soils that the grape tends to like better. These blends are typically at least 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, with Merlot playing second fiddle, and Cabernet Franc, Malbec, and Petit Verdot rounding out the back. These wines are known for being tannic and powerful, capable of aging for decades in the right vintages. The right bank has clay soils, which lends itself better to Merlot. In fact, Bordeaux as a whole makes about twice as much Merlot than it does cabernet sauvignon, even though Cab Sauv tends to get more of the spotlight. Right bank blends are usually Merlot based with some Cabernet Franc. They're known to be a bit more feminine and softer, as the tannin structure is a bit lower and the fruit character a bit higher. Because of this, they're usually more approachable younger. If you were hoping for something other than red, you're in luck. Because an increasing amount of wine coming out of Bordeaux is sparkling, rosé, white, and dessert. However, there are two historic types of wines worth paying special attention too, the first being Bordeaux white blends. These are white wines made from blending Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc. And fun fact, Sauvignon Blanc is originally from Bordeaux. These blends are the perfect combo of fresh, fruity, and acidic. You get that fresh acidity from the Sauvignon Blanc that's rounded out by the smooth, honeyed Sémillon. Think lemon-lime, chamomile, lemon curd, grapefruit, wet rocks, and honey. Finally, there's no way we can't talk about Bordeaux's world famous dessert wines, many of which come from Sauternes. These are still Sémillon based, but are affected by Botrytis, a type of fungus, that removes the water content of grapes on the vine while leaving the sugar, and thus producing super sweet wine. The wines taste like honey, ginger, orange marmalade, and beeswax, all in one delicious bottle. They're honestly a life changing wine experience, and should be on every wino's bucket list. Did you guys know that on our website, we have the places we visited listed on each episode's page, the wines we drank available for sale, and our VIP section with bonus videos? I just thought I'd let you know. Markets are great, aren't they? And French markets, even better. So I jumped at the opportunity to meet my new friend Basaline at one, and grab some ingredients for our upcoming lunch that she was hosting. And of course, take some time to indulge my obsession with French pastries. All right, so we're heading over here. - Yeah, sure. - Great. - Get some bread here. Would you fancy a croissant for your breakfast? - I probably do. No, I didn't eat breakfast. What is that one with the, the kinda long one? - [Basaline] This is chocolate with it? - Anybody want a pastry? Pastry, anybody want? Okay, okay, enough with the pastries. We had real food to buy. I see the mussels. Wow, look at that. - We should stop here. Yeah, we should go for mussels. I make a very nice mussel soup. - [Vince] Okay, perfect. - It's a family recipe, so I'll give you my tricks on that one. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll take the secrets. - What else would you like to eat? - [Basaline] Sardines could be a good- - Let's do the sardines. I love sardines. - You love sardines? - Love sardines. (Basaline speaks in foreign language) - Perfect. Yeah. those on the grill I think would be good. Do we need to get one of these? - It's a lot of garlic. I love it. The marketing was a dizzying array of meats, produce, cheeses, breads, live chickens, some man with a hat selling vanilla beans, and the most robust spice monger I've ever seen. The colors and scents drawing us in and eventually spitting us out for un café, as one finds themselves often doing in France. I used the opportunity to chat with Basaline about a group of winemakers she's a part of called Bordeaux Oxygène. The name's to challenge the stereotype of traditional stuffy Bordeaux château, and focus on the younger generation of wine producers and wine consumers. Tell me about the Bordeaux Oxygène. What is that? How did it get started? - Bordeaux Oxygène started in 2005, so 16 years ago. We were willing to give another image of the producer producing Bordeaux, not just a big château with the fancy style which looks unapproachable. - [Vince] Sure, sure. - And we think our wines are very approachable, not in terms only of taste. But also in terms of price. Our wines are not only for old people also, but we want to touch also younger population and younger consumers. - Sure. As we spoke, members of Bordeaux Oxygène were on their way to Basaline's house, so we needed to head home and start prepping lunch. With our ingredients in hand, we headed to Basline's home and winery, Château Mont Pérat, to prepare our lunch. First off, can you say hashtag kitchen goals? This range was gorgeous, the fireplace in the kitchen, a separate room with sinks to keep dirty dishes out of sight, and most importantly, the dining table smack dab in the middle of the space so the cooking and eating experience merges into one. We had a lot to prepare, so we needed some help, which luckily wasn't too far behind, a few other members of Bordeaux Oxygène. Basaline's brother Thibault lit up the fireplace with vines, and handled the grilled sardines. I cleaned mussels and made dough, and worked the room with a glass of wine in hand. The sisters Marie and Sylvie took over the finishing of the cold mussel soup and baking of a fresh tomato tart. And besides being ringleader, Basaline took charge of the most handsome piece of veal I've ever seen. She chopped tons of garlic, veal fat, and parsley, and threw it in the oven to finishing cooking while we sat down for our first courses and our wine. - Okay, even the head. You eat everything. - Everything. The entire sardine. - So good. And this is your wine. - Yeah, Sauvignon Blanc, Sauvignon Gris and Sémillon. Barrel fermented. - Why I live white Bordeaux so much is 'cause this nice blend of high acid crisp Sauvignon Blanc. Round it with the Seémillon, round with the lees, round it with the barrel. And so you still get a fresh wine that has some weight and some complexity. - But we know with the global warming, we tend to have less acidity. - [Vince] It's harder. - And it's harder to keep the freshness, so we have to pick very early. We have to be ready end of August. - You say end of August. What did it used to be when you picked? - Oh, it used to be... My grandfather I think started picking the grapes at the end of September. - A month. - The white varieties. - A month later. - Yeah, a month. In two generation. - I was telling my dad, our dad is in Brazil, "Oh, dad, we finished the harvest on the 24th of September." And he said, "49 years ago, we started the harvest on the 24th of September because it was the birth of our older brother." He knows that day. - He remembers quite well. Yeah, my mother complained 'cause he was celebrating with the nice young girls picking the grape. (all laughs) - I want to know more about Bordeaux Oxygene and why it was started. - It was more about promoting our wines in a more modern style. Not to stay behind the table pouring our wines. - It's less about the style about the wine, and it's more about saying- - It's more about communicating. - Hey, not every winery here is a giant château- - With a bunch of maybe investment or a bunch of old money. There are other types of wineries here. And in this group, you have very, very well-known château, but the owner is still very humble. - It's just that sometimes maybe Bordeaux has the image of being intimidating a little bit that you have to know a lot with Bordeaux, which is absolutely not the case. And so the idea was to show that real people behind wines. It's not only about the big châteaus and stuff, and go after the consumers, and say, "Hey, we like you guys. Come on." - Winemakers are fans as well, right? We had our mussel soup, served chilled, which was really unique. It was mussels, shallot, espelette, parsley, chive, and olive oil. Then we popped our red and served up the most perfectly cooked veal. Oh my god, the veal. It's so good, with the garlic and the parsley. It's perfect. - You have to like fat, huh. It's one of the condition. - Is your wine too? - Yes, 2016. Naujan, Naujan is the name of the village here. - Yeah, it's Merlot, two different types of Merlot and a bit of Cab Franc in there. - The wine is pretty, aromatic on the nose, delicious, kind of flowers. - It's giving a little iron a little bit on the nose. - I like it because it is earthy. I mean it smells terroir very much I think. - Between Château Biac, Château Venus, and now here, I was starting to get a better sense for the real Bordeaux. There are literally thousands of wine producers here, and the bulk of them look like this, family wineries making great, unpretentious wine that they themselves are happy to sit around the table and enjoy on any given occasion. Cheers, everybody, before we forget. Thank you so much for hosting me. This is absolutely incredible. I'm honored to be here. St. Émilion has a special place in wine lovers' hearts. Wine has been produced in this historic region since the Roman times. And while it only represents about 6% of Bordeaux wine production, its impact on the wine world has been far larger. Some of the Merlot based wines from St. Émilion have achieved icon status. Their Chateaus ingrained in the memories and dreams of somms across the world. The medieval town of St. Émilion in the center of the region boasts its own history. In the 8th century, a monk named Émilion, who would eventually be the towns namesake, arrived and his followers followed. Eventually, church's were built in his honor, including the famous monolithic church of St. Émilion. I say built, but it was actually mostly excavated. It's the largest underground church in Europe, carved out of the rock in the 12th century. I'd never seen anything like it, because there's not too many things like it on the planet. If you combine the church with the hilly cobblestone streets, restaurants, ancient wash stations, and abbeys, and abundance of wine shops, you've got a town that's absolutely worth a stop on your trip. As we've learned, when it comes to wine, Bordeaux is all about the blend. But who's doing all this blending and how do they make those choices? To find that out, I headed to Château Cormeil Figeac in St. Émilion, one of the many female-owned and operated Châteaus in Bordeaux, to meet with Coraline Moreaud and take a special masterclass in blending. - It's my great grandparents who bought the first hectares in 1940. At the time it was war, when you owned land, a good reason not to go to war. - You could say, "I have to tend to my land." And then each generation bought more land, and now we have 25 hectares, which is a good size in St. Émilion. There's something I would like to show you here. - Right here. - Tree, you see? we are growing some trees in our vineyard. Here in St. Émilion, we are growing vines, vines, vines for hundreds, thousands of years. We have been doing that, and so now the soil has become poor. By growing trees, we want to favor biodiversity and attract animals, insects, birds to create a network, a life network. - Why does St. Émilion has this kind of reputation. I learn about wine, you learn, oh, the wines of St. Émilion. Why do you think that is? - There's a few answers. Some people will say, ah, it's the terroir. Nothing can beat the terroir in St. Émilion. It's so special, the soil. Others will say, well, it's because St. Émilion was very well located in terms of being able to ship very easily the wine because we have a river. We have Bordeaux, which is close, and that is how the reputation of St. Émilion grew. - Everywhere we've been I think has been a third or fourth generation business. - Yes, yes. - And so there's still the passion for the winemaking. It's not just a money-making venture. I hope you make some money, but everybody has passion here. - Yes, yes, yes, yes. You have one, two, three, four, five samples. - Samples. And so we are going to fill four of them with different wines from our production. And the fifth sample, it will be your blend. - My blend. If you remember, the traditional right bank blend is Merlot and Cabernet Franc, but the blending process isn't quite that simple. We grabbed four different wines, plain Merlot, plain Cabernet Franc, Merlot aged in new oak, and Merlot aged in used oak. Perfect. All right. So let's try this on its own. - Very fruity. - Lots of fruit and alcohol. - That's all there is in this glass. And this is quite a simple smell. It's nice, but it's simple. And if somebody tells me, "Oh, your wine is simple." - Not so good. - So that's why we blend. - 'Cause if we gave them just this, okay, this is fine, I can drink it, but you know... - Yeah, yeah. - Good tannin structure. It's a young wine. So tannins are very- - Strong. - Strong when the wine is young. Next, cabernet franc. More fresh. - More fresh. - Absolutely, absolutely, as in freshness, lift maybe. - We'll start with the new barrel. - I mean wildly different. You are drinking a completely different wine. You start to get some of those, those baking spice notes that we like. - [Coraline] Yes, yes. - We have our used oak. And just as I would expect. It's kind of in between the two we have. You've added some of the softening with the oxygen, but not quite as much as the flavor of the oak. So in most of our wines, we do 70% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Franc. - Okay, that's a good amount of Cabernet Franc. - Well, now it's your call. Very nice. So if I was starting, I would probably start with... We have our Cab Franc, and we know we're gonna put, like you said, maybe about 25, 30%. I like the used barrel Merlot. I thought that that was very, very close to what I would want anyway. - [Coraline] Okay. - Why don't I try just that first? - I'm gonna try just Cabernet Franc and used barrel. I'm gonna see where that is. - [Coraline] Good idea. - That being said, you're the expert, so where would you go from there? We say, okay, we tried this. What do you think it's lacking? - Maybe more barrel, maybe more new barrel. - [Vince] More new barrel, a little more spice. - I like barrels very much. After a bit of experimentation, I got something I was proud to slap the V is for Vino stamp of approval on. I think I'm locking it in. Final answer. - I even got to bottle it up, cork it, and label it. And by the way, if you visit, she offers this as a class, so you can do this too. Very, very, very fun. I've never done anything like this, so thank you very much. You guys gotta try my blend. I think there's a little left. I always say the French were The Beatles of the wine world. Almost everyone was influenced by their techniques and most can agree that the same goes for cooking. So if there's a place I'd wanna brush up on my culinary skills, it's France. Lucky for me I had Chef Olivier Straehli. I gave Olivier a hell of a task. I needed five dishes for five winemakers who each brought a different style of wine. He not only delivered some great modern twists on classic dishes, but he brought some unexpected surprises to the table as well. So I kind of gave you a challenge. I said, "Here's the wines were gonna do." It was all over the map. - I accept the challenge. - And you accepted the challenge like an Iron Chef. Our first winemaker was Pauline Dufour who brought her Sauternes from Château Simon. - I'll show you something very surprising, Sauternes wine. So it's very unique because we make this wine with a special fungus called noble rot. You have only five villages where we can produce this wine because of this microclimate. We pick up the grapes only with this fungus, with this botrytis. And so everything is done by hand. It's very, very aromatic wine. - Yeah, and it- - Try, you know. - I always get such a smile on my face when I smell these wines because they are so beautifully aromatic, candied, honeyed, orange marmalade. Sometimes you might even get gingers. Just really amazing. - Yeah, you have the spiciness, you have the exotic fruit, the freshness at the same time. You have pit and flower. - It wouldn't have been my first instinct, but chef claimed the oyster was a good pair with the Sauternes, so I took his word for it. So the sweet is way toned back. Oh and the finish is crazy. You know what it is, it's the salty sweet. The same thing you get when you do any sort of salt sweet dessert, salted caramel or something like that. Sometimes contrasting flavors are a great wine pairing. The sweet, fruity Sauternes mixed with the savory, salty oyster is a yin and yang pairing that enhances both the wine and the food. All right, time for our white Bordeaux with Julia from Château de Parenchère. What are we tasting? - So what are we tasting? Bordeaux Blanc. It's a dry white. Sec means dry. - So it's produced from our estate at the very east part of Bordeaux. First, you have the citrus from Sauvignon and the freshness, and the Seémillon is here to give some honey, a bit of texture in the mouth, some roundness that we like, wines that we just dry. We want it to have some texture. And the Muscadelle on the nose, white flower. - Yeah, very floral, and I get the honey on the nose too. - Of course it has to go with the food, so it's great. I see what you're cooking now. - Yeah, I know, that's really good. While we were busy chatting, chef made a raw shrimp tartar with olive oil, lemon zest, chive, radish, topped with caviar, and then he made this beat jelly with agar-agar to put on top. All right, let me try it out. The shrimp has a really, almost like a creaminess to it. It's really, really lovely. And then the lime zest kinda brightens it up, and then the salinity from the caviar. Raw shrimp are actually really rich and oily. So the acid in the lime works well to cut the fat in the shrimp and olive oil. It also works well with the salty caviar. The lemon notes in the lime bring out the citrus in the dish, and the medium body dish matches the weight of the medium bodied wine. All right, chef, we have... I think the rosé is coming next. - Yes, the rosé is very good with charcuterie. And in Bordeaux, you have a specialty. It's called grenier médocain. - Okay, I'll never remember that. - Yeah, I know. It's French. I cannot translate in English. I mix this and I make a (speaks in French). - Oh, and fry it. - And fry it. - Great, love it. - And me, I prepare the sauce. It's called sauce gribiche. - This is very, very French. We're using a lot of French words. As I tried to produce French culinary terms, just in time was Anna from Château Gabachot with her rosé. He's throwing a lot of terms to me. Maybe you can help out because you are a native English speaker. - Yeah, and I was just thinking those are really difficult words for me too. - So what brought you to Bordeaux? - I was an exchange student after high school in Belgium, and I really fell in love with Europe. I met my husband who happens to own and run a family winery in the Bordeaux region. - Oh great, okay. So it was love that you brought to France. - Yeah, it was love. - And you were bringing a rosé which I think when everybody thinks of Bordeaux, they probably think of everything by rosé, which is really cool because I know that they're making more and more of it. So where is this wine from? - This wine is from the Entre-Deux-Mers wine region, which is very much the heart of Bordeaux wine region. Our rosé is done with saignée method. Citrus and fresh strawberries. - Oh yeah, fresh strawberries. - Yeah, a lot of red fruits. - Chef made the gribiche sauce with shallot, pickle, capers, fresh herbs, olive oil, mustard, and vinegar. Then he pureed the charcuterie, formed it in little balls, battered it, and fried it up. Oh yeah. It's really good. It's great with the rosé. I mean it's perfect 'cause this rosé that we just had, it's kind of a versatile pairing wine. The acidity in the rosé matched the acid from the sauce, cut through the fat of the fried charcuterie, paired with the salt, and the wine also matched the weight of the dish. This looks gorgeous. This is duck. - Yes, it's duck. Strawberries. - Strawberries. - And tomatoes. - Just to show you, this is all piment d'espelette. - You can smell it. - It almost smell a little like musty. - And obviously this is another one. - This is new. Open it and say it to me. - Oh wow. Completely different. This is much more tomato and fresh, and this is, yeah, musty. Chef tips number 192, keep your spices fresh, people. Okay, next up was Christophe from Château Plaisance with his Merlot blend. - Today we drink my wine, the Côtes de Bourg. - Côtes de Bourg. Now where is Côtes de Bourg? - It's in the north of Bordeaux, just front of Margaux. Merlot 60%, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, and 10% Malbec. - Plumy, black cherry. - Yes. - Really, really lovely. A little bit kinda smokey spice and the tannin structure is there, but it's kinda soft, and I think that's pretty typical of Merlot. Seared duck breast. Seasoned with espelette, garnished with tomato and strawberry, topped with foie gras. Does it get any better than this? All right, you can eat. - Beautiful. You could've just gone with duck, but the French. You put the foie in there. It's awesome. Oh my god, this is good. - It's good? - Really good. The red fruit notes in the wine complemented the strawberry and tomato. And the tannin in the wine loves the fatty duck. Last but not least was my friend Roman from Chateau de Lissenes. - This is a Crèmant de Bordeaux which is traditional. So this one, it will be a Sémillon, Muscadelle, and Cabernet Franc. - Sémillon, Muscadelle, Cabernet Franc. - That is super unique for a sparkling wine. - Very refreshing, but at the same time very aromatic wine. - The first thing I get is beautiful floral aromatics, white peach, strong fruit character. - Chef, what are you making to go with this? Dessert was really unique. Chef took fresh fruit like watermelon, UFO peaches, cherries, basil, and a fresh spice called mago that was citrus, floral, and mentholy, to help bring out all the fresh flavors in the crémant. Then he made a cocktail dessert. Super unexpected. Oh, it's good like that actually 'cause you get a little bit of... (fades) The crew and I had to give it up. Chef knocked it out of the park. We head out to the yard to enjoy each others company, and share the wine together. The diversity of the day was noticeable. Different wine styles, winemakers from France, the US, Russia. And it always puts a smile on my face when the show gives people an excuse to gather and drink wine together. The Garonne River, it's what started it all in all here in Bordeaux. The ease of transport, the irrigation, the soils the it provided. If the downtown is the heart of this region and the wineries provide the lifeblood, its the arteries of river that connects the two. So it seemed like a good place to end my Bordeaux journey. This region still has its past. They know why they have the reputation they do, and the respect that. But it feels like the people here have no intention of resting on their laurels. The people I talked to feel a responsibility to do something new, make a name for themselves, reach the next generation of consumers, and improve upon family legacies. You know the French have a reputation of being cold, unwelcoming to foreigners. Hopefully you've now seen what I've seen. That couldn't be further from the truth. It was the French who invented hospitality, turned kindness to others from a hobby into an industry and an art form. So its no wonder I always feel at home in France. All that to say if you can make the trip to Bordeaux, do it, because I think you'll get a bit that feeling as well. I hope you enjoyed Bordeaux, and we'll see you next time on "V is for Vino." Hey, Vince here. Hope you enjoyed the episode. If you have a moment, follow us on Instagram. And if you really wanna support, please consider joining Vino VIP on visforvino.com. It's our members-only club with a ton of benefits. Thanks for watching and see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vynguyen-xu9qh [1 likes]: ❤
  2. @MartinM-e6n [1 likes]: I absolutely LOVE 💕 this show.😊
  3. @gracafernandes4337 [1 likes]: Great video for wine lovers and experts like me. I Will be on Bordeaux in april. It was a good show case!❤
  4. @Lenaher789 [1 likes]: Thank you very much!😊
  5. @alaminbishwash2525 [1 likes]: I am really aprotiat saw your vedios.
  6. @massimilianocicatello4052 [1 likes]: Fantastico servizio.
  7. @JohnnyG-04 [1 likes]: I’m new to the wine journey, but for educational purposes this was such an amazing video! I wasn’t bored, the quality was well put together, and even your excitement about talking about wine had me excited. I was ready to book my trip! I think my favorite part was seeing the wine and food pairing! Great content I’ll be sure to get me a membership!
  8. @AmilaHansaka-w8k1n [1 likes]: Its beautiful , I love it..❤❤❤
  9. @traceydemeo9654 [1 likes]: superb video!!!!- sure wish I stumbled upon these types of video's 5 years ago when I was taking my level three ISG.
  10. @mylittleworldbordeaux [1 likes]: A big fan of your series. Thank you so very much for keeping these hidden gems on the map. Cheers!
  11. @YulkaKiska [1 likes]: Really the video! Thank you, I’ve learned a lot!
  12. @RisobGhosal-v8f [1 likes]: Amazing episode 👏
  13. @mcgregom5 [1 likes]: Planning my trip now. 😁 Thank you!
  14. @YussofPasha1289: To many killers pick pocket rue.saint Catherine nothing to do so expensive places
  15. @carnivaltym: Another top episode!
  16. @gordonberryman3453: A great video, so much good information and places for us to visit .
  17. @jeffreylindenmoyer4550: That kitchen is the coolest thing I think I have ever seen.  The real fireplace in there is such a nice touch.
  18. @skarscalp8157: 10:11
  19. @yungturkeyburger: what was the market you went to with Basaline?
  20. @matthewgabbard6415: I don’t think she was digging what he was saying about poor years and good winemakers. She probably has a soft spot for the Burgundy as all the French do. Bordeaux is for export haha

- Discover the Wines of Bordeaux: Kind: captions Language: en-CA In southwest France the marriage of wine&nbsp; and culture is a tradition centuries old. Bordeaux with its harmony of history and terroir&nbsp; has come to exemplify the majesty of fine wine. In the World of Wine, Bordeaux is one of the&nbsp; most recognized and treasured. Collectors are happy to pay hundreds of dollars a bottle for&nbsp; top wines, like Château Margaux, to get them into&nbsp;their collection. But what's often overlooked&nbsp; with all the fame and glory these wines attain is that they really only represent five&nbsp; percent of the total Bordeaux Market. Bordeaux produces a wide range of wines,&nbsp; to put things into perspective, there's as&nbsp;&nbsp; much wine produced in the Region of Bordeaux&nbsp; as in many entire New World Wine countries. The region has over 13000 growers, 9000&nbsp; Châteaus, and 57 different Appellations.&nbsp;&nbsp; In this episode we're going to travel through&nbsp; Bordeaux and discover all that it has to offer. The 18th century city of Bordeaux is a thriving&nbsp; Metropolis at the heart of the Bordeaux Region,&nbsp;&nbsp; built on trade the city is France's Southwest&nbsp; Port with commercial links across the globe. The city is an undiscovered pleasure of&nbsp; French culture and charm, although sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; overshadowed in terms of tourism, the slower&nbsp; pace contributes to the bordelaise ability&nbsp;&nbsp; to appreciate food and fine wine. Even today&nbsp; Bordeaux remains the capital of the Wine World. The Garonne River, the region's main thoroughfare,&nbsp; flows in and out with the rising tide making the&nbsp;city built on its shores a natural port. By the&nbsp;17th century, merchants of various nationalities began establishing firms on the bank of the Garonne&nbsp;&nbsp; to act as négociants, or agents between the wine&nbsp; producers of Bordeaux and the world marketplace.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that today the people at large celebrate&nbsp; the pride of Bordeaux. "The core reason why people are interested in what we are doing is&nbsp; just because it's terribly good to drink, so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a great wine, gives a pleasure. You look&nbsp; at it, you smell, you swallow and you feel better"&nbsp;&nbsp; "I think when you think about wine, European wine,&nbsp; the first thing you think about is Bordeaux.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bordeaux is the center of the Wine World". Bordeaux's prominence, as a Wine Region today,&nbsp; can be traced back to one famous document. In 1855 Emperor Napoleon III wanted to showcase&nbsp; the finest wines of the country at the Paris&nbsp;exposition, so he challenged recognized brokers of&nbsp;the day and had them develop a list, ranking the Châteaus of Bordeaux. And this is the list. It's&nbsp;known as the Official Classification of 1855. Many of the great names then&nbsp; are great names now. Latour Margaux Lafite Haut-Brion Rothschild Here was the origin of the concept of&nbsp; fine wine. Wine sold by the bottle with a sense of place and history included. Other classifications&nbsp;followed and expanded throughout Bordeaux. "Bordeaux is certainly not just expensive wines,&nbsp; however those expensive wines are the symbol of&nbsp;&nbsp; Bordeaux and, as the French would say, the locomotif. They're what drive the industry here"&nbsp;&nbsp; But we're here to discover and demystify&nbsp; the broad elements of all Bordeaux wine. The center of the Wine World became such because&nbsp; it produces wines for every lifestyle and every&nbsp;&nbsp; budget, even today the styles of Bordeaux&nbsp; wines have and are evolving, do as much to&nbsp;&nbsp; the competition from the new world producers as&nbsp; to the differing taste of an expanding marketplace.&nbsp;&nbsp; With thousands of Châteaus producing&nbsp; wines, each distinct to its terroir,&nbsp;&nbsp; the vast array is perhaps the most dizzying aspect&nbsp; of the industry. How do we make sense of it all? Well, the first step is geographic. Bordeaux, with&nbsp;100 000 hectares under vine, is France's largest quality wine region located on the Southwest&nbsp;Coast. The main waterway is the Gironde estuary with its two tributaries, the Dordogne and&nbsp;the Garonne, which served to divide the region into three distinct zones: the Left Bank, Entre-Deux-Mers and the Right Bank. Each and every bottle of Bordeaux is made under the Appellation d'origine contrôlée or AOC regulations. The label indicates geographically where the grapes&nbsp; have been harvested and, in the case of a Château,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the wine was made. All of which contribute&nbsp; to the concept of what the French call 'terroir'.&nbsp; "The whole ethos of Bordeaux is based on terroir.&nbsp; Terroir means not only the ground in which&nbsp;&nbsp; the grapes are grown but also the atmosphere, the&nbsp; weather around and drainage, it takes into account&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of aspects about how that grape was&nbsp;grown". "The main thing to remember about Bordeaux wines, both red and white, is that they are a&nbsp;blend and that thereafter, they are a blend of really principally three red grape varieties, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc, in various combinations depending on where you are&nbsp; in Bordeaux. And Sémillon and Sauvignon for the white". The most readily affordable wines of Bordeaux come&nbsp; from grapes harvested from all areas of the region,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is usually the product of a négociant, who is&nbsp; involved in the entire wine making process, from&nbsp;&nbsp; the purchase of the grapes, to the final blending&nbsp; and aging of the finished wines. "Making a blend is just trying to bring to the consumer the most&nbsp; complex and harmonious wine you can you can make"&nbsp; Paz Espejo is a winemaker for the&nbsp; Négociant Calvet, in business since 1818.&nbsp;&nbsp; In response to increasing competition from New&nbsp; World Wines, Calvet like others in Bordeaux, has been revitalizing itself. "I don't think&nbsp;we have to copy, because the interest people have always had in Bordeaux is because &nbsp;there was a special personality. I think we don't have to lose this personality because we&nbsp;will never make the same kind of wines at the New World, we're not in Australia, we're not&nbsp;in Chile, we are in Bordeaux and we have to understand what Bordeaux is and try to&nbsp;improve the quality as much as we can".&nbsp; The basic grape varieties used for the blending&nbsp; of Bordeaux red wines are Cabernet Sauvignon and&nbsp;&nbsp; Merlot with Cabernet Franc and, to a lesser extent,&nbsp; Malbec and Petit Verdot, to round off particular&nbsp;styles. "Cabernet Sauvignon brings acidity, tannins,&nbsp; so structure, spiciness, aging capacity. Merlot, for example, brings fruitiness, the floral side,&nbsp;the violet, the rose petal. So both seems to be, logically, a good complement, a good balance. And&nbsp;Cabernet Franc brings more or less between both, it is spicy but at the same time it brings acidity.&nbsp; So it is fresh and brings aging capacity too". "The winemaker can actually adjust the quantities&nbsp; of these different grapes in different years.&nbsp;&nbsp; So if one year the Merlot doesn't&nbsp; ripen as well as the Cabernet Sauvignon,&nbsp;&nbsp; he'll put more Cabernet Sauvignon in, so it's&nbsp;really a winemaker's wine" "What I want is, Vintage after Vintage, to bring to the consumer&nbsp; the best expression, the most beautiful wine" The next step up, in terms of quality,&nbsp; is what is known as Bordeaux Supérieur. Yvon Mau is another large-scale Négociant&nbsp; Firm, shipping over four million cases a year. Founded in 1897, Yvon Mau owns or represents&nbsp; a number of Bordeaux's smaller producers, among&nbsp;&nbsp; them Château Ducla, a generic Bordeaux that has&nbsp; recently been elevated to Bordeaux Supérieur status.&nbsp;&nbsp; "The main difference between Bordeaux and&nbsp; Bordeaux Supérieur it's more consistency of quality".&nbsp;&nbsp; "The three principle differences are&nbsp; that the Supérieur has to have half a&nbsp;&nbsp; degree potential alcohol more, it has to have&nbsp; a slightly lower yield and it has to be aged&nbsp;&nbsp; for slightly longer in barrel, therefore intimating&nbsp; that it is a slightly more structured wine".&nbsp;&nbsp; "We're not so fond of grapes and we think that&nbsp; the terroir is much more important than the grapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; to give you an example and to be more precise,&nbsp; we think that the Cabernet produced in&nbsp;&nbsp; Médoc would be very different from the&nbsp; Cabernet in California, just nothing like". One of the finest qualities of&nbsp; Bordeaux lies in the balance. "It cannot be too much something, it could not be too much&nbsp; alcohol, too much tanning, too much acidity.&nbsp;&nbsp; The art of Bordeaux, the mystery&nbsp; of Bordeaux is to be a good balance&nbsp;&nbsp; and this balance must be, normally, with the food". This is the Médoc, a place the French refer&nbsp; to as the 'Promised Land of Cabernet Sauvignon'.&nbsp;&nbsp; 'la Rive Gauche' or the Left Bank is comprised&nbsp; of the Médoc along with Graves and Sauternes and it's here that we'll begin our journey&nbsp; through the Appellations of Bordeaux. October, the culmination of a&nbsp; year's hard work in the vineyards,&nbsp;&nbsp; the harvest traditions remain strong here with&nbsp; many of the same people returning year after year. Timing the harvest is critical to obtain the&nbsp; optimal balance of sugars and acids in the fruit&nbsp;&nbsp; and ultimately, to express&nbsp; the character of the vineyard.&nbsp;&nbsp; The soils in the district are quite poor&nbsp; for growing anything other than grapes&nbsp;&nbsp; but the rocky and gravelly soils retains&nbsp; heat and drains easily, which makes it ideal&nbsp;for the late ripening Cabernet. "The Médoc is&nbsp;Cabernet Sauvignon dominant, that's the grape and Cabernet Sauvignon is a very small berry and&nbsp;a small berry means a large surface of skin and therefore, the wines are quite tannic. These wines&nbsp;tend to be more austere, they need to longer aging than on the Right Bank, where it's Merlot dominant". In their youth many of the red wines of Bordeaux, although approachable, can be tight and&nbsp; complex. Over time these characteristics&nbsp;&nbsp; give way to leather tones, tobacco and&nbsp; dried fruit. Now the Vintage of a wine&nbsp;&nbsp; also contributes to its ageability. All wines, even&nbsp; wines from extraordinary Vintages, eventually peak&nbsp;and later decline. The finest Vintages can be aged&nbsp; for up to a hundred years in the right conditions, all the while appreciating in&nbsp; its subtle and complex qualities.&nbsp;&nbsp; How far back do the wines go in here? "Oh.. 1881" An interesting cellar within the Region lies at Château Batailley in the commune of Pauillac. These&nbsp;bottles are a testament to the Region's history and each year the Château will add four to&nbsp; six thousand bottles for future generations.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is quite the collection. "This is the&nbsp;library, this is the memory of Batailley. 1982..." Philippe Castéja is the Château owner and&nbsp;serves as chairman of the Médoc Classified&nbsp;Growth's Organization. What a library. "Oh yeah" That gives a new definition to libraries. "Yeah.. exactly Every vintage in Bordeaux is different, and&nbsp; this climate, this adverse climate sometimes, has&nbsp;&nbsp; made our consumers to be searching&nbsp; this Vintage or that Vintage because&nbsp;&nbsp; they want a wine which is going to be&nbsp; to be drunk younger or a little older"&nbsp; So this is something that's going to last"&nbsp; "Yeah, it's going to last for a century or so&nbsp;&nbsp; and but I'm sure that in 20, 25 years, it's going&nbsp; to be excellent. Why don't we make an appointment?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. I'm going to get my calendar, I'm&nbsp; going to put that in. "Okay, sold" Absolutely The Médoc offers all sorts of quality wines&nbsp; including mid-level priced wine, called Cru Bourgeois. One of these is Château du Taillan, whose&nbsp;traditional approach is mitigated by some unique factors in its ownership. "We are five girls owning&nbsp;the Château at the moment and we are very fond of this Château. And we really want to go far with&nbsp;this Cru Bourgeois and to do the best we can for&nbsp;this wonderful Château. So here we are in the&nbsp;old cellar from the 16th century.." The Château itself was built in the 18th century and has&nbsp; been in the Cruse Family for over 100 years. Today even the barrel cellars, or Chai, are&nbsp;classified as historical monuments. "The tradition is very important, especially in the Château du Taillan, as this Château belongs to a very&nbsp;&nbsp; old family, the Cruse Family, my family and so we&nbsp; try to keep this tradition but to modernize slowly&nbsp;&nbsp; this tradition in order to keep the authenticity&nbsp;to the wine". Cru Bourgeois producers have become very sensitive to the success of New World&nbsp;Wine. "The market has changed since five years in the Cru Bourgeois. We know that nowadays many&nbsp;people produce wine in the world and the only secret for us, in Bordeaux, in the Cru Bourgeois,&nbsp;in the Médoc, is to produce quality wine". Traveling a little further South we come&nbsp; to the heartland of the Bordeaux Region.&nbsp;&nbsp; Graves Graves is the French word for gravel&nbsp;&nbsp; and the best Châteaus here are located on&nbsp; distinctive gravel outcrops, called 'croupes'. Unlike most other areas of Bordeaux, Graves&nbsp; produces both red and white wines. This is Château La Louvière, owned by André Lurton, one&nbsp; of the most influential producers in the Region. He has been a potent force in the&nbsp; development and promotion of the Graves Region.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wine can be made well anywhere in the&nbsp; world with sunshine and good soil,&nbsp;&nbsp; what differs are the overall&nbsp; characteristics of the terroir&nbsp;&nbsp; and we have our own special characteristics,&nbsp; which comes from our soil but also from our blends" The Graves Region has a reputation for producing&nbsp; the highest quality dry white wines of Bordeaux.&nbsp;&nbsp; White wine production here combines the&nbsp; traditional methods with modern techniques,&nbsp;&nbsp; the white wines of the Region use both Sauvignon&nbsp;Blanc and Sémillon. "These are the top dry white wines from the Region of Bordeaux, which these&nbsp; days would all have been fermented in barrel&nbsp;&nbsp; so the character tends to be a citrus character&nbsp; in youth, a crispiness to them and an ageability".&nbsp;&nbsp; Moving East and across the Garonne River,&nbsp; we find Bordeaux's second geographic zone&nbsp;&nbsp; Entre-Deux-Mers, this is one of the largest&nbsp; growing areas in Bordeaux and where the&nbsp;&nbsp; négociants harvest most of their grapes. However&nbsp; it's only the white wines of the Region that can&nbsp;&nbsp; be labeled with the Appellation Entre-Deux-Mers. Entre-Deux-Mers literally means 'between two seas' but in this case it's between two rivers, the&nbsp;'Dordogne' and 'la Garonne' and this is where they meet. In between them, you'll find the largest mass of&nbsp;vineyards in all of Bordeaux. Since the 1970s, many growers have been planting the red grape varieties&nbsp;in response to the market demand, through advances in technology Entre-Deux-Mers has increased&nbsp; both the quality and quantity of their yields.&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is a bargain place to shop for white and&nbsp; red wines, wines that come around quickly, that&nbsp;&nbsp; are very good with food. And the whole thing&nbsp; about Bordeaux is how well it matches food,&nbsp;&nbsp; many of the big wines from the New World&nbsp; that one enjoys drinking are overpower food". Tthe ancient people thought it was a sea, that is&nbsp; the reason why they called Entre-Deux-Mers, between&nbsp;two seas.." Château Bonnet in Entre-Deux-Mers, is&nbsp; another of André Lurton's properties an state also serving as his family home.&nbsp; He inherited this property in 1956 and has since elevated the Château's&nbsp; red and white wines to new heights. "About 50 years ago we decided to transform it and make&nbsp; a dry white wine and this is a dry wine, fruity&nbsp; and friendly, easy to drink, easy to understand". Now&nbsp;we leave the thriving vineyards of Entre-Deux-Mers and travel North across the river, to Bordeaux's&nbsp; third geographic zone, the Right Bank. As we've seen on the Left, in the Médoc and Haut-Médoc, the soils are&nbsp;really gravelly and the blends from that side are&nbsp;&nbsp; dominated by Cabernet Sauvignon. Over here however,&nbsp; the soils are more clay and limestone and Merlot&nbsp;&nbsp; thrives in this Region and is the predominant&nbsp; varietal in the blends from these areas. The wines here have always been more forward in character&nbsp; than their austere cousins across the river.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now some may think that this is&nbsp;a newer region but you'd be wrong. "Saint-Émilion hallelujah! Saint-Émilion hallelujah! Saint-Émilion hallelujah!" Saint-Émilion, a beautiful medieval fortress&nbsp; town, with hilly cobbled streets running&nbsp;&nbsp; through ancient limestone buildings,&nbsp; has been designated a world heritage site. With a history stretching back over 800 years Saint-Émilion was a wine region when&nbsp; much of the Médoc was only swampland. "You could mistake a good Saint-Émilion for&nbsp; a Pinot Noir, because they have that&nbsp;&nbsp; sweetness of fruit and they're&nbsp; very accessible at a young age". The largest wine estate here is Château Laroque,&nbsp;&nbsp; producing Grand Cru and Grand Cru Classé wines, the blend consists broadly of Merlot&nbsp;&nbsp; supported by Cabernet Franc with&nbsp; just a touch of Cabernet Sauvignon. "I believe that the styles&nbsp;of our wines is our history,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's our soils, it's our characteristics&nbsp; and our personality". Bruno Sainson, the director at Château Laroque, is&nbsp; completely involved in the winemaking process. "These are wines that are&nbsp; going to express our terroir,&nbsp;&nbsp; they have a certain generosity of taste, with very&nbsp; fine tannins and further refinement in barrel.&nbsp;&nbsp; But this refining is done to enhance the&nbsp;wine's quality not to mask or dominate". The harvest reaps its bounty from the land,&nbsp;much as it has for hundreds of years but there's a constant revitalization in Bordeaux wine&nbsp; adapting to the land, to the weather and even to the tastes of the marketplace. "Terroir is much more&nbsp;important than just the soil, it's the situation, it's for prevailing winds coming from the East, it's the work that we do throughout here to till the soil, to treat the vines. All that comes in&nbsp;the notion of terroir and the French believe that is more important than the grape variety". This&nbsp;is Pomerol, a small Appellation on the Right Bank that has never been classified, yet produces&nbsp;some of the most expensive wines in the world. A small plateau with world-class Châteaus&nbsp; making on average a thousand cases a year.&nbsp;&nbsp; The clay, sand and pebbled soil is so variable&nbsp; that vineyards only a few feet apart produce&nbsp;&nbsp; wines that taste vastly different from one another. "We're standing on the edge of the most expensive lawn in the world, the lawn of Vieux Château Certan, but from the plateau where we are you can see really the jewels of the&nbsp; Pomerol area. There's La Conseillante, l'Evangile,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pétrus, Lefleur and behind the Vieux Château Certan,&nbsp; which is this Château here, we have Trotanoy,&nbsp;&nbsp; L'Église-Clinet, Le Pin. All surrounding the plateau. If you can see it's quite pebbly, they're lots of small pebbles.." It really is. The roots within&nbsp;each of the vineyards on this plateau burrow down into the clay-based soil, deriving distinct&nbsp;characteristics from a variety of mineral elements. "When people grow Merlot outside of France, they&nbsp; look to Pomerol as the model and what they would&nbsp;&nbsp; like to, what they'd like the wines to taste like". "Pomerol's wines are known for their very rich, almost overtly fruity flavors. We always talk about&nbsp; Merlot having red fruit characters, raspberry, cherry, those flavors and there's a spiciness that is&nbsp; really known from Merlot from Pomerol". At a typical Pomerol estate, the yields are kept&nbsp; very low to enhance the quality of the grapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; The wine is fermented in cement vats,&nbsp; each corresponding to a different&nbsp;parcel of the vineyard. Now why would you&nbsp;keep them separate? "Well here, for example, this is Merlot grown and sandy soil,&nbsp; Merlot on clayey soil and the Cabernets" And you ferment them separately for what reason?&nbsp; "Because each wine grown on different soil reacts&nbsp;&nbsp; differently, so perhaps it would take a longer&nbsp; fermentation or would need to be pumped over&nbsp;&nbsp; more often or it would be picked later, so it's&nbsp; good to keep them apart for as long as possible". The Right Bank has hidden, undiscovered gems&nbsp;&nbsp; full of surprises, keeping that Bordeaux reputation&nbsp; for quality and, at the same time, affordability.&nbsp;&nbsp; "People really don't know about the smaller regions&nbsp;in Bordeaux. The Côtes. The Côtes de Blaye, the Côtes de Bourg, the Côtes de Franc, the Côtes de Castillon, the&nbsp;Premiere Côtes de Bordeaux. We're going to learn more about them because these guys are making&nbsp; very good wines indeed and very inexpensively".&nbsp;&nbsp; Located in the Northern part of the Right Bank&nbsp; the Appellations, collectively known as the Côtes,&nbsp;&nbsp; including Côtes de Blaye, Côtes de Bourg and Côtes de Castillon,&nbsp; generally consist of smaller wineries&nbsp;&nbsp; making unique offerings on an affordable basis.&nbsp; Unknown for the most part outside of wine circles&nbsp;&nbsp; these wines may well become much&nbsp; more celebrated in the future. Bordeaux as a Region, is certainly known for&nbsp; producing fine dry wines but the area of Sauternes,&nbsp; South of the Graves Region, is renowned&nbsp; the world over for its sweet white wine&nbsp;&nbsp; A varietal blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Sémillon&nbsp; and Muscatel grapes is only the beginning,&nbsp;&nbsp; the essential ingredient here is called&nbsp; Botrytis or 'noble rot', nature's gift to the area.&nbsp;&nbsp; "The Botrytis breaks down the grape and helps&nbsp; concentrate, both sugar and acidity" Botrytis comes about, when the warm tidal waters&nbsp; of the Garonne meet the cooler Gironde river, creating a fog that envelops the vineyards in its&nbsp; proximity causing the fungus, known as Botrytis.&nbsp;&nbsp; When conditions are right, harvesters work&nbsp; painstakingly through successive pickings&nbsp;&nbsp; to select only individual berries that have&nbsp; been properly affected by the noble rot.&nbsp;&nbsp; We spoke to Corrine Reulet,&nbsp; from Château La Tour Blanche,&nbsp;&nbsp; about the selection process for these grapes. "So, I will show you a very good example of the different stages of Botrytis.&nbsp; First you have a berry like this, with&nbsp;&nbsp; maturity. After you have this kind of berry,&nbsp; which turn brown and the last stage is this&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of berry, which is very dry, very concentrated&nbsp; with high sugar, high acidity and special flowers".&nbsp;&nbsp; When the grapes have been harvested they're&nbsp; sorted and scrutinized by the Cellar Master,&nbsp; because the degree of Botrytis will&nbsp; determine the quality of the finished wine.&nbsp;&nbsp; The grapes are gently pressed, resulting in&nbsp; an elegant and voluptuous wine with flavors&nbsp;&nbsp; of honey and exotic fruits. Good Sauternes will&nbsp; continue to evolve with age for 50 years or more&nbsp;&nbsp; with the fruit and acidity giving way to honey and&nbsp;vanilla character. The first time I get the try Sauternes right from the cast, this is a real treat. How&nbsp;long do you leave it in the barrel? "It's fermented for two or three weeks and after that, it's aging&nbsp;on, at least, for 16-18 months" This is great Look at the color. '"It has a very nice color, uh?" For&nbsp;many people, when they think of Sauternes they think of it only as a dessert wine but when else would&nbsp; you serve this? "It's very good by itself, as an Apéritif and it's very famous on a with a Foie&nbsp;gras as well and it goes very well with white meats, like chicken or veal and it's very, very&nbsp;good with some cheeses, like Roquefort or Blue.&nbsp;&nbsp; My favorite is my, is with Roquefort". Excellent, this is beautiful. "Yes, it is" Bordeaux is a Region steeped in history. Quiet,&nbsp;stately and seemingly unchanged for centuries. But here, where tradition is the&nbsp; foundation of their industry,&nbsp;&nbsp; progress and revitalization are occurring as&nbsp;they never have before. "Certainly the 1980s probably saw improvements in vinification, the&nbsp;1990s have been improvements in viticulture".&nbsp;&nbsp; "I think there has been a style change in all&nbsp; the years that I've been drinking Bordeaux&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can see it particularly now, that the French&nbsp; Vintners are aware of the International Market.&nbsp;&nbsp; They see what their competition is and they're no&nbsp; longer 'resting on their laurels'". "We have adapted all the time, it's an old tradition to change, in&nbsp; every single gesture there is a margin of progress". Bordeaux has long been recognized as the benchmark&nbsp; many winemakers strive for. Although its popularity&nbsp;&nbsp; may seem overshadowed by New World Wines labeled&nbsp; by varietal, the area is rich with tradition and&nbsp;&nbsp; continues to produce an exciting range of products,&nbsp; that are sure to satisfy any palate or occasion. We hope you've enjoyed this episode. If you&nbsp; have comments, we'd like to hear from you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Our email address is: discover@lcbo.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnywhiteshoe [64 likes]: great videos! i'm taking my somm 2 test in a few weeks and these are helping supplement my bookwork and tastings so well!!
  2. @MrSlice7: I think @Bordeaux will like thos
  3. @MartinM-e6n: Wine 🍷 is fabulous 😊
  4. @BCooke7788: Excellent video, currently in Bordeaux drinking some amazing wine from the Chateau de Lussac in Saint Emilion.
  5. @sergeysidnov5752: Благородная плесень
  6. @tkgawa: It's been 20 years. I hope the host has been able to go back for his Medoc.
  7. @JavierCalderon-k3u: HUNDREDS  OR THOUSANDS  ?? MORE LIKELY
  8. @ecanalis: This video is very interesting and informative. Bordeaux has become my favorite wine region in the world.  The diversity of the grapes,and vinyards makes very good wines.  I would love to visit there during harvest, and maybe pick some grapes.
  9. @MerlinGradley-o8q: Bruen Pass
  10. @IraOttoson-u2l: Travis Skyway
  11. @MarkMoore-o4v: Garnett Trail
  12. @StephanieDue-n6t: Champlin Circle
  13. @JulietTiffany-f1w: Ortiz Landing
  14. @BertramBerg-w8q: Kassandra Spur
  15. @ArnoldoIvins-p5r: Weber Bypass
  16. @cauypiyt-u7j: Torphy Bypass
  17. @CarolynnMaclain-g3z: Ivory Track
  18. @AngelaArmentrout-s9l: D'Amore Brook
  19. @EvaArvin-f7x: Heller Rue
  20. @AmosJavaux-z2g: Halvorson Passage

- Bordeaux France Wine: Know Before You Go: Kind: captions Language: en Bordeaux France a red wine lovers dream with the beautiful city center and 6000 chateau surrounding it it's hard to feel like you were swept up into a picture-book fairy tale but with poor planning you could end up feeling more like a frog then I princess we're going to talk about how to get there when and how long we should go getting around Bordeaux wine for dummies how to choose your chateaus and where to sleep if you want to skip through to one of these check out my video games hey everyone my name is Hayley and this is clean of champagne your solo girls guide to trap getting there you could fly into the Bordeaux Airport but if you're coming from the United States you'll likely have a layover so instead we decided to fly into Paris Charles the ball and then took the train from the airport straight to Bordeaux st. John it will take around three and a half hours another option would be to take the train from Paris Gare Montparnasse which is only a two-hour train but by the time you take a taxi or the RER being a metro line it'll end up being around three and a half hours anyway but if you're coming from the center of Paris this is a great option these prices do increase as you get closer to the date we went in September which happened to fall right during harvest time this was cool because we got to see the grapes being processed however some chateaus closed during this time of year I would recommend any time between May and October so you have nice weather to walk around how long we arrived a late afternoon into Bordeaux the next day we spent a day in saint-emilion and had dinner back in Bordeaux city centre then we drove and did two days in the Madoc region staying at a bed and breakfast in foyer so what would I change if we did it again I probably do at least a full day in Bordeaux City a whole day and night in saint-emilion and then two to three days in the Madoc or another region getting around if you're looking to do just bordeaux city centre and maybe saint-emilion there's no need to have a car they have trams and trains that can get you where you need to be I talk a lot about this in another video which you can find here if you want to travel outside the centre like out to see the castles and vineyards you'll need a car we rented through sixth rental car and picked it up at the Bordeaux train station another day we did a private driver book through wine packs for del wine for dummies there are both red and white wines in Bordeaux but they're known primarily for the Reds they're made from mixing the Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot grapes [Music] there's a big river that splits Bordeaux into the left bank and the right bank generally the left bank will have more cab so they are powerful and rich there you'll find me duck and Coyle the right bank will be higher in rule of a softer blend usually ready to drink earlier than the left bank there you'll find Saint Emilion but something you won't find on the right bank is chateaus that are classified grand cru plus a this was a ranking system established in 1855 but the catch if you didn't pay the fine to be reviewed in 1855 you can never be considered a Grand Cru classic so if you're a Bordeaux wine maker and your next-door neighbor on both sides so you pretty much have the same land as a grand cru class a sorry you can never be won a grown crew class a classification makes for a more expensive wine it's like you're paying for a brand name but there are plenty of generic brands that are just as good so how do you go about picking choosing your shacho visits first of all they call the wineries chateaus because Chateau means castle in French and boy are there a lot of castles we were a bit overwhelmed by the options and were on a time crunch so we booked through wine paths a third party booking agency she really tailored the experience to fit our group specifically if however you want to take on the challenge make sure you book your wine tours plenty of time in advance the earlier the better also pull out your google maps and make sure you're giving yourself enough time to get from one place to another if you're interested in seeing a sample wine tour check out my video here where to sleep you have so so many unique options on where to stay in Bordeaux city make sure you stay somewhere in the center these are mostly all pedestrian streets which is really nice when you're walking around at night we stayed at this Airbnb which was lovely when we travel to Madoff we stayed at this bed and breakfast which was so charming but it really depends on which chateaus you're visiting some of the Chateau is actually double as hotels like Chateau that's a carne although after a full day of red wine tasting I'm sure all you'll need is a blanket if you liked this video make sure you subscribe and if you want more information check out my website clean - champagne calm thanks for watching Cheers

- Intro to Bordeaux Wine | Wine Folly: Kind: captions Language: en bordeaux is one of those rhine regions you kind of must know if you're interested in wine because so much of the wines that we drink today are influenced by this french wine region in fact some of the most collectible and expensive wines in the world come from this region but what makes bordeaux great goes well beyond these exclusive bottlings and i'd like to show you four wine styles you must know from bordeaux so i want to give you a little bit of a quick and dirty history on bordeaux to give you a little bit more context of what's going on here so bordeaux it's located on the western side of france along the water there's a major river there called the garonne which makes bordeaux a shipping port vineyards were first established here during the roman times and it was when the dutch controlled the region in the 1600s that they drained all the marshlands and made them more suitable to plant vineyards this is when these amazing chateaus started popping up and filling the region with vineyards and they would make the wines and sell them the city of bordeaux to merchants called negociants who would ship the wines internationally what's crazy about this region is that the grape variety cabernet sauvignon which is the most planted popular grape variety in the world first appeared in bordeaux by the 1800s bordeaux was well established as a wine producing region making red wines and sweet wines and if you knew a thing or two about how to buy bordeaux you would look at the areas within bordeaux for quality these areas now called appalachians are where we find quality still today another thing that happened during this time period in 1855 napoleon ordered wineries be classified based on their quality level that classification system still stands today and the five top wineries in that classification are essentially the five most expensive wines in bordeaux of course bordeaux is a massive region it's like six times the size of napa valley so you're gonna find a lot more wine and a great affordable wine here too so i have four styles of wine that sort of communicate the wealth and the breadth of wine that is made here and it's what you should look for if you're looking to taste bordeaux on your own let's dive in the first one you should probably try from bordeaux is definitely a red wine from the medoc region this area has many sub appellations and while there are the most expensive wines found here in bordeaux you'll also find some great value this wine for example is a well aged over 10 year old bottle of wine that i picked up for about 30 let's give it a taste if you take a look at this wine you can see that it is a medium ruby to garnet color you can see a slight changing of the color of the rim towards a more garnet color indicating some age let's give it a sniff [Music] smells like black cherry blackcurrant wet gravel pencil lead a little bit of dark chocolate and tobacco wow this wine is definitely higher in the body and it has some tannin i can really feel the tannin across my tongue pretty good acidity and it's definitely dry what i like about cabernet sauvignon from bordeaux is that earth flavors and gravel notes and smells like that i really feel like that communicates the land of bordeaux and then you still get a lot of fruit as well one fun thing to pay attention to when you're hunting for a bottle of wine is look for the words gran van de bordeaux on the bottle indicating the winery's top wine the next wine you'll love to try from bordeaux is from antonio mare or librenae and this area specializes in red wines that tend to use merlot and cabernet franc instead of cabernet sauvignon as the most important grapes in the blend taking a look at this wine i can see it is a deep ruby color that i can't see through on the nose this wine is very plush it milk chocolate blackberry a little bit of mint baking spices and almost a little burnt caramel this is one of those wines i feel like a lot of my friends would like it's big on the palette and the tannins are not as rigid as the cabernet wine it has almost this subtle minty note with a little bit of baking spices on the finish which make it taste even though it's a dry wine give it almost a sweetness one thing you can look for to get great value are wines that are called bordeaux superior this is an appellation that include many appellations in the entire region but has higher quality standards than your basic bottle of bordeaux even though bordeaux produces nearly 90 percent red wines you'll still find some excellent white wines here and the major grapes you'll find in bordeaux that are white are semion and sonia blanc and that's exactly what this white wine blend is made of taking a look at the color of this wine is a medium straw color on the nose this wine smells like white peach mango honeydew melon fresh cut grass and a whiff of beeswax wow this wine explodes with acidity and these wonderful peachy notes that lead into more dry gooseberry notes and finish with a long tingle on your palette this would make an awesome line with thai food when i'm looking for great white wines in bordeaux i go into the andre du mers and groves region where you'll find a lot of great options most of these wines you'll find will be labeled simply as bordeaux the last one you must try from bordeaux is a sweet treat and it comes from an area called soternes which has several appellations within it so turns being the largest and a fog comes in over the region that makes the grapes get a little rotty and they call it noble rot aka botrytis cinerea let's give this one a try looking at the color of this wine ooh it is a deep gold color what a beautiful colored wine apricot honey beeswax a touch of ginger subtle notes of wet limestone a hint of passion fruit and a whiff of caramel let's give it a taste these wines are so rich with sweetness and this beautiful creamy mid palette that just hangs and would be a really great replacement for dessert what's interesting about this sweet wine it's one of those few that you can age for several years and it gets darker and darker and darker and smoother as it ages i would encourage you to learn more about bordeaux especially when it comes to buying the wines because there are a lot of idiosyncrasies here like the vintages matter you can find out all this information more and discover bordeaux wines to try at our new guide online all about i hope you enjoyed this introduction to bordeaux and are so thirsty to taste some

  Top Comments:
  1. @CO_Luke [4 likes]: Just wanted to point out that it wasn't the Napoleon as in Napoleon Bonaparte, the guy who went to Russia and back and got a proper spanking at Waterloo. It was Napoleon III. Also a very interesting character and not only because of wine!
  2. @7HPDH [1 likes]: 1:46 Napoleon III, not the short guy you’re all thinking of
  3. @Minh01Không [1 likes]: This is absolutely delightful.
  4. @GAIUSIndustrial [1 likes]: Bordeaux remains a global wine icon, known for its prestigious châteaux, diverse terroirs, and commitment to quality.
  5. @mauricedoyle1663 [1 likes]: A wiff of beeswax what a load of shit
  6. @cheekywombat54: I couldn't figure out who you were reminding me of with the voice, but it's that redhead from American pie 👌🏼
  7. @Newellfilm: Somebody tell me what wet gravel smells like. I have never purposely been that low to the ground nor have thought of smelling wet gravel before. These tasting notes are sometimes totally not understandable.
  8. @JacknJillJ: Thank you ! I just got some Bordeaux
  9. @ShirishPedram: Hey Teacher it's so much to appreciate your wisdom.... Please accept my Appreciation!! God bless!! Shirish Pedram.
  10. @JeremiahDeegan: Viewers are more likely to share content that feels relatable
  11. @pimptoking: 2:00 r/anythingbutmetric
  12. @andrewdoty2: 4:08 Libournais is North of Entre-Deux-Mers right?
  13. @youngpower24: With Pinot Noir and Cabs being so in style nowadays, you can really get great deals on some premium Bordeauxs right now. For $50 you can get what I consider to be some of the best bottles of wine in the entire world.
  14. @ResmieBesholli: Digj mjalt ver tymos
  15. @barmalini: I was a little surprised that you didn't say anything about the divine combination of Sauternes + Roquefort. Many agree that this is the most perfect combination of wine and cheese. And yet you emphasised the unpretentious Thai food + white wine pair. Which, again according to many, should not even be served under one roof. 
Thanks.
  16. @barmalini: It's France, not France. The most important thing I had to learn while in Bordeaux is that the word ‘chai’ has nothing to do with tea, tea rooms, tea culture or Indian food. Chai in Bordeaux means cellar. Wine cellar. So never turn down an invitation to visit chai.
  17. @FrankSD76: Thanks!  Not just for this excellent video, but for all the other ones I’ve watched and enjoyed.  Keep ‘em coming, please!
  18. @EinKlienerDonner: I find French wine are rich in history, stories and lore, but absolutely a second tier product compared to Italian wine!
  19. @anothercitizen4867: Castillon Cotes de Bordeaux
  20. @bilowithers1878: She’s so unsympathetic to the camera!

- The Main Wine Sub-Regions Of Bordeaux: Kind: captions Language: en Bordeaux is the largest and undoubtedly, one of the most important wine producing regions in France There are over 7,000 Chateau, which collectively make more than 10,000 different wines each year No one need learn all these Appellations by heart, but just a few key pieces of information can help you to decipher What's inside the bottle and where it comes from. There are only a handful of Appellations on both the left and right bank that produce the best wines On the left bank the sub-region of Medoc dominates containing the Haut-Murdoch or top Murdoch appellation Which further encapsulate another six smaller Appellations these famed villagers or communes produce some of the best red wines in the world. At the southern end of the left bank, we find the city of Bordeaux and to the southeast of the city We find the sub-region of Graves. Grave is somewhat different as it is famed for both Its red and white wines Grav is home to a number of Appellations including Pessac-Leognan and the famed sweet wine producing Appellations of Sauternes and Barsac There's a difference between the terroir in Sauternes and the terroir in Barsac, which is why we have two different Appellations But we have to remember that Barsac is an appellation within Sauternes. So if you're a Barsac producer, like we are, were also considered Sauternes, so we're in an appellation within an appellation And the reason we were given our own appellation in Barsac is because the terroir is different The left bank is known for its gravel soils However up until the 17th century much of the left bank was marshland and was totally unsuitable for growing grapevines It wasn't until a group of Dutch engineers hoped drained the marshland to improve transport links that these gravel soils were unearthed The area is now home to such famous estates as Mouton Rothschild and Latour Over on Bordeaux's right bank, which is most known for its rich Merlot based red wines We find the classic Appellations of Saint-Emilion and Pomerol Although these two relatively small Appellations are direct neighbors, they still produce distinctly different wines What's the soil like on the right bank? On the right bank you have four main types of soil. Okay you have gravel, sand, clay and limestone All around the village of Saint-Emilion It's mainly clay limestone and And on Pomerol, what we call the plateau of Pomerol, It's mainly gravel So what are the big differences then between Saint-Emilion and Pomerol apart from the soils? How does that change the wine? I would say that actually in the Azores region. We are we have an oceanic climate and the weather varies a lot from a year to another and I think more than the difference between Saint-Emilion and Pomerol It's more the vintage that is important on Here because you have some good vintage outstanding vintage and Everything can change a lot from a vintage to another one the other main sub regions in Bordeaux are Fronsac on the right bank and Entre-Deux-Mers meaning between two seas which sits between the Garonne and Dordogne Although the region of Bordeaux may seem confusing Getting to know both a left bank and right bank as well as the main sub regions of Médoc, Graves Pomerol and Saint-Emilion will help demystify the region try tasting a number of wines from the different sub-regions and Appellations of Bordeaux to understand the nuances and Styles of each area and help you find your personal favorites

  Top Comments:
  1. @quentinvaldher7373 [5 likes]: Pauillac is probably my favorite, I had the chance to try a 1996 Latour which just blow my mind!!
  2. @abiliodesaopedro3702 [3 likes]: Thank you! learn alot of basic stuff here
  3. @devonchristian3526 [1 likes]: I love France
  4. @walterowens1723: Canon-Fronsac all the way...til the end of the bottle ;)
  5. @Mardello: Pomerol sounds like bumhole
  6. @lidiabalogova6880: Yyd

- How to Read French Wine Labels | Understand The Difference Between Bordeaux and Burgundy Wines: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] are confused and really actually intimidated by French wine actually this this holds true for people regardless of how long uh they've been drinking wine no especially those who have sort of stuck with U.S wines this has a lot to do with the fact that they don't know what's in the bottle most frequently it doesn't say anything on the bottle that tells you what you're getting ready to drink in the next few minutes we're going to take the mystery out of of the burgundy and Bordeaux regions and this will get you a long way to understanding French wines keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear click like subscribe and hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post also make sure you share this with your friends I'd really appreciate that okay number one burgundy and its wines with the exception of an occasional Renegade producer uh who who breaks the French tradition and requirements in burgundy if it's red it's a Pinot Noir now sometimes it says Pinot Noir on the bottle most of the time it doesn't I'm showing both red and white wine uh white burgundies with the varietal actually on the label now here's a quick heads up burgundy is the the English translation for the French word burgone if you see the word burgone or burgundy on the bottle it's a Burgundy wine and it's a Pinot Noir so if you like Pinot Noir then burgundy's for you by the way in the entire wine industry the bottles that are shaped like this you see how this has low shoulders they're designated or they're designed that way for a reason this is known as a Bordeaux bottle do you see how it has high shoulders the bottles are are and the shoulders are there for a reason you can learn more about that actually in my my video wine bottles The Big Three burgundy Bordeaux and all states all three of those bottles are shaped completely different and they're there for a reason now back to burgundy Pinot Noir uh well you have with the Pinot Noir is something that is both light in color and lower in tannins now next to a burgundy it looks more delicate you you it may be difficult for you to see but there's a you if you are close you can see the difference you can also taste the difference peanuts are very flavorful but are lighter and more delicate in your mouth let's get to number two Bordeaux red Bordeaux wine is made from a blend of five grapes not necessarily all at the same time the three most prevalent are Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot and Cabernet Franc now the other two are petite verdot and Malbec now Cabernet Sauvignon brings big tannins but the Merlot and the cab Franc are soften the Cab's Tans because the two aren't lower in tannins and they also give the wine a little bit darker color if you like it nice layered flavorful complex Reds then Bordeaux may be for you now unlike the the thin skins of burgundy's Pinot noirs you'll find more color flavor and tannins into wines from Bordeaux if pinots are too delicate for you and cabs are too big and overpowering then Bordeaux is an excellent option number three white wines when people talk about burgundy and Bordeaux wines they're usually talking about red wines however both regions produce some absolutely wonderful dried white wines now generally if it's white and comes from burgundy it's a Chardonnay typically burdening burgundy wines easy are are clean and crisp with very little or no Oak influence usually Bordeaux whites are a blend of grapes mostly sauvignon blanc blended with Simeon stuff by the way the the tip at the end of this video will enable you to determine which red Bordeaux wines will suit you best stay tuned for that one again for white burgundies is Chardonnay Bordeaux is a mouth-watering sauvignon blanc Simeon blend folks it doesn't get much simpler than that oh well there you have it we just simplified burgundy and Bordeaux hang in there for the quick tip at the end but first thanks so much for for investing the time to to watch this video if you got something out of it let me know in the comments below and don't forget to hit like subscribe and ring the little bell so you'll be notified when I post other videos all right are you ready for the important tip when I first got started trying to to understand more about French wines I was confused with the the whole Bordeaux thing lines from from the region are either mostly cabs with some of the other four great varietals that I mentioned earlier or they're mostly Merlot with some of the other four now to help me keep it straight I came up with a little trick I hope you find this helpful now the Bordeaux region is on a river it's called the the Garand estuary if you want more Merlot because you like lower tannins and it also goes better with more Foods you'll migrate towards a right Bank Bordeaux as time goes by you learn the names of The Villages that produce these wines and look for those Village names on the bottle these right Banks include are these right Bank Villages include francione palmerol and Saint Marion now on the other hand if you want more Cabernet Sauvignon because you like the boldness and more tannin then you'll lean towards the Left Bank of of Bordeaux again as time goes by you'll learn that Village's names that are uh producing them uh which are madok Margot Groves Sergio Leon and others now when I first started at that time I was partial to Left Bank Cabernet uh and and less of the right bank so I'm left-handed and the I like cabernets so Bordeaux Reds with more cab came from the Left Bank accordingly my focus was then on Left Bank cap Merlot you know it's nothing fancy but it worked for me I hope that's that My Trivia gives you a little bit of direction on how to determine which bank you want uh your Bordeaux wine from well there you have it Bordeaux and burgundy Made Simple I look forward to seeing you next time until then cheers hey Posse thanks so much for investing the time to watch this video I trust it was helpful to you if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and please consider hitting subscribe also click here to check out our new online shop we have a great lineup of wine related items that will help you get the most out of your wine experience oh and be sure to check out these other videos until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @MICHALCalisthenics [1 likes]: Thank you for your video 😊
  2. @michael7324 [1 likes]: Thank you. This helps a lot.
  3. @carnivaltym: Remembering always that the frogs blend different grape varieties for many their best wines. Lol, as you say!
  4. @cook_it_with_a_pinch_of_salt: Simple but extremely helpful advices. Thank you!
  5. @MyDimensionnn11: Thank you😊
  6. @destroya21: I just found your channel, and I appreciate your direct explanations behind the wine. I can't wait to go through your catalogue as I try to learn more about this world 👏
  7. @zh3294: ❤❤❤ Thank you! That's what I was looking for.Very interesting and informative 
( Greetings from Kyrgyzstan)
  8. @peterknowwine: Always love you and all your video sir
  9. @peteriscelotajs5181: The tip at the end of the video was handy. Best luck to your channel.
  10. @robotron07: this is absolutely gret ingformation
  11. @dilee1027: Excellent clarification of the confusion .Many thanks😊
  12. @angelaspielbusch1237: Great explanation! Thanks
  13. @panaceiasuberes6464: Such amazing introductory videos to the pleasures of wine. Keep going.
  14. @tonylopez7929: I would you pick a good blend wines
  15. @natef877: Please keep the mnemonics coming.  There are so many simple things in wine but they get buried in so much more info and complexity.  Now I'll probably always remember the cab/merlot dominance.  Thanks for that.
  16. @typerightseesight: I didn't pay attention to the style of the bottle for a few years.. Just making sure to alternate whites and reds. And now the whole game went from checkers to chess. slam dunk. Good video.
  17. @Good_Vibes...: I never gave much thought to the shape of the bottle as serving a purpose. Good to know. Cheers 🍷
  18. @pgreen0001: Great information! 👍🏽
  19. @maryverzella9841: Having a glass of Louis Jadot 2020 right now.  Love it 🙂

- Is Bordeaux All B*llocks?: Kind: captions Language: en Fred, you finally bought me somewhere I actually want to be. [Music] [Applause] I am in wine nerd country. We're in Bordeaux. We're in fact in center step, right at the top of the medock. Bordeaux is the whole center of the world of fine wine. Really, the city was built on it. It completely depends on it. I guzzle it. It bloody runs in here. And we're going to have a taste of a few things, find out why it tastes like it does. Do we actually even like it? And see beautiful places, Fred. Like this, which is a proper chat. Oh, and meet people like this. This is Gavin Quinny. He is B. You are Bordeaux wine nerd. >> Yes. completely and utterly. And also my great mate and he's my fact checker cuz I might be a bit excited and get a couple of things wrong. But we're going to taste some great wine and you're going to make sure I stay in line. >> Yeah. Should we go taste something? For sure. Let's go. >> Okay. Right. We're going in the Cash Van, which is like a majestic in France. And we're going to get a wine from each of the key regions, and taste them in the region that the wine's made and find out all the different flavors that you can get up the Medok in Bordeaux. So, here we go, Fred. Come on. We need to go to the Bordeaux section. Bordeaux section. I'll tell you what I want. You look for them, Gav. I want wines that you could buy on a restaurant wine list at about sort of£100 if they're making sensible margin. So we're probably going to be talking 30 or 40 euros here. Really, really good wines that are classic of their Appalachian. So Gav, I think what we're looking for is the four Appalachians, Centiff, Margo, Se Julia, and Pyak. wines that are around maximum 50 euros that will really tell the story of the Appalachian and that I want to drink because French fries. >> Okay, >> so we start at the top north Santa Stephanqu 2015. So >> lovely. >> Yeah, good. >> Grand Pekk is more expensive generally. I think if we would go to quality and an absolute classic would be reserve contest. >> Done. I was looking at that. It's a nice vintage as well. >> Then you go down to the San Julian and there's a few picks here. I think a classic would be Gloria. >> I love it. >> Key classic. Yeah, >> that's a banger. >> Gloria 18. >> And then for Margo, as we go down to Margo, we've got a few choices here. It's a bit of a lucky dip, but and there's some nice wines, but I think the Baron de Brand >> 2018 2018. >> We'll be having that. >> Yeah. Do you take American Express? >> Uh, no. >> Okay, no problem. >> Got the wine. >> You got to love this place, Fred. We've got our wines. They've now closed for a 2-hour lunch break. I want to live in France. First stop on our trip of Bordeaux the medock. First stop on our trip of the medock is a bottle of trunk leon. Look at that Fred. This is a chatau in center step. Uh 2015. So the wine is already 8 years old. Now Gav, you look a bit awkward there. Come and grab a seat here because >> Sure. Gavin has taken us to step one, stop one, which is the river, which is a bit weird for a place for a wine tasting, but it's actually all about how this is made. Right, Fred, can we have a couple of glasses? Gab, explain to us about why the river is so important in the flavor that I'm pouring you in this glass here. >> Oh, thank you very much. >> While I enjoy my wine and tell you a little bit how it tastes. >> Okay, over to you, Gav. >> Well, it's it's not technically a river. This is the Girand Eststerie. Uh so the Girand Eststerie, it's a it's formed by the confluence of the Gon River coming up from the south past the city of Bordeaux and then from the east you've got the Dodo running past Santino uh forming this enormous eststery the Girand which is so significant and you don't seem that interested in what I'm trying to say. >> I didn't hear any of it. No, but then Margaret, but the Gerond the the history has a huge influence. >> If any of what you said relates to >> the fullbodied broadsh shouldered aspect of this. I can almost taste the >> I haven't actually eaten much gravel, but I can almost taste the coolness and freshness of the gravel. >> That's underpinning. >> I'm not talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I? >> No, no, no. I think there is a I think we've been slightly influenced by looking at quite a lot of gravel and you >> these vines you're not allowed to water them are you? >> No. >> So they've got to work really hard to suck up water. So they go deep down into this amazing soil. By the way, this soil is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Fred. Why haven't we got somewhere nice to to film this? This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Correct me if I'm wrong, wine nerd, but if we're allowed to water the vines, it will grow vigorously, produce lots of fruit, and its roots will stay fairly near the surface of the soil under Appalachion control rules or Appalachion Proteé. So any any place name, famous name like Champagne or Margo or Santino or Shatanovap, you are actually not allowed to irrigate the vines. And that is to limit the volume that's produced, but also to make the roots go down deeper and to have for the teroir, the actual place, the actual environment to have a real impact on the flavor and the style of the wine. So, while I pour myself another glass, that that is a key reason. Would you like a little bit chef? >> Yeah, thank you very much. So that is a key reason why center Steph tastes like center Steph and not like let's say Margo where we might be going later. >> Yeah. Yeah. True. >> Santa an explanation right >> now. Can you tell Fred where we're going today? Set us a bit of a scene. >> Okay. So we're in Santa Steph on the banks of the Girand Eststerie. I'm just going to show you by a little bit of geography if I may where we're going. Okay. So there's four famous Appalachians. We've got the wines. The four famous Appalachians starting with Santa Steph in the north. So if I put that there, what's an Appalachian G? >> So the Appalachian, it's a place protected by French law, just like Champagne is protected by French law. >> But center Steph >> is a protected region. Yeah. >> That has to follow the rules to make its wine. >> Yeah. Because >> Well, >> like Palmer Ham, >> where were we, Fred? I need the Pyak which is next down a little bit further south. So heading so from Santa Steph to to Pyak. >> How far are we going? >> Oh just literally across the valley. It's they're almost touching each other and then uh if I can have the San Julian again that runs straight from so we go Santa Steph straight to Puyak straight to San Julian. There's a bit of a gap and if Tom you wouldn't mind moving your right foot. Thank you. Or both feet if you like. And I'll grab the Margo because that's a sort of 20 25 minute drive from San Julian down to Margo which is the fourth of our top appellations in the Omeok Santa Pyak San Julian and Margo which is great news because that means I got three more wines to drink. >> Yeah. Come on Fred, get the car key. You're driving. This Fred is is the shatter. >> I just got to get my wine nerd. So, we've got Gavin the wine nerd's portable map of Bordeaux. I've got in here a bottle of Pichon Contess. So Fred, if you pan over there, that's Pon Contess. And behind me is a chatter called Chateau Pishon Barrel. Bordeaux wine nerd gav. Can you tell Fred while I open this a little bit about how the system of quality works in Bordeaux? >> O, that's a tricky one. So well specifically here in the medock we had uh we've got the world famous 1855 classification that has stood the test of time which is like sorry to interrupt it's a little bit like a football league. So you've got first division, second division, third division, fourth division, fifth division which some French wine nerds made up in 1855 and pretty much hasn't changed whenever. That's a second growth. So second league. That's a second league. So it's like football, isn't it, Gab? >> Yeah. And then just over there, just see the little the little pepper pot of chest, which is the first grape. >> So we're in Puyak, and I'm getting much I'm getting more freshness. Okay. It's a younger wine, but I'm getting more sort of menthol, herbbally kind of notes. >> You're right. I'm right. And it tastes different to the wine that was literally we can almost see it a mile over there. Same grape varieties sort of. >> Yeah. Merlo and Cabernet Soven primarily. >> And it's a slightly finer, less broad shouldered slightly more elegant wine. >> Yeah, I would agree with that. I would agree with that. >> And it's a beautiful wine. This wine screams, "Give me a coat of birth." >> Mhm. >> Nothing without too many rich sauces on it. >> I just I'd say this is more of a roast lamb kind of number. >> So, we're going to finish this, have a little glass of something else, and our wine nerd, Gav, is going to tell us about the blending of grape varieties in Bordeaux. >> not yet. >> Can we? >> No, we're going to get hit by lots of cars. >> Yeah, lots of cars. Christ, is it Gab? Is it the end of the working day? It is 5 5 >> the end of the working day. They're all gone. >> That's it. Like clocked off at 5. >> Chow chow. Straight in for their rec. So wine nerd has gone to check the grapes. I've got a bottle of chat gloria which actually is probably a little bit good for a park bench. Now we've skipped down into the Appalachian the area of Seulen which makes wines that could best be described as the archetypal English gentleman. They are just like beautifully tailored, beautifully elegant wines. They're not as heavy as the center staffs. They're not quite as suave as the puyaks and I haven't got a glass and I really think this Fred I can't really drink that out of a bottle. So while wine nerd goes and checks the vines I'm going to have a little glass of s Julian. Now Chateau Gloria is one chat that never made it into the 1855 classification. So Fred pan over there. That's Gloria. It's a wine that is a chatau. It's beautiful, but it's not part of the classification. So, it's really good value. Have a little snort. And it's just all black currant, plum, mulbury fruit. It's very complex. It's creamy. And it's best described as a non-spitter. That is an absolute drink me wine. Wine. Nope. Would you like a little glass? >> I've just been checking the uh the grape varieties around here. >> Yes, of course you have, love. Sit yourself down. >> Yeah, thank you. >> I think this wine is a little bit good for a park bench, >> right? >> But I'm going to let you decide. There's our chat Gloria. I've explained >> I've explained to the team. Watch the beige colored shorts. >> Yes. I've explained to the team that this is not in the 1855 classification. >> Oh, this is quite sanct, isn't it? Seni being elegant like an English gentleman. >> Yeah. And sort of it and and you've got the old pencil shavings and cassiss blend. >> Can you imagine all of that? >> Now bit of graphite as well. >> Yeah. I love it. Enough of your gaff. Now can you explain a little bit about Bordeaux is so interesting I think because it's blended from grape varieties. And if you looked at the label here, it doesn't say any grape varieties on the label. >> Nor does it in any of the other wines. No, >> but it's a blend of and why do they do it? So this is a this is so chat gloria but the this is a blend of u about 60% cabernet soven majority cabernet soven >> and 30 25 30% merlo something like that with a little bit probably of cabernet they have cabernet fro primarily a so 95% then 35% >> right that was about 3 minutes of I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> now why do why do bordeaux blend grape varieties why do they use all of these just cabinet Well, most people think that that you blend Cabernet with Merlo, whatever it is, to get the flavor. But the reality is in most of the vineyards, some parcels are better suited to Cabernet and some places are better suited to Merlo. Here in the north of the Midok, we've got some great land. The gravels, the gravel banks that are brilliant for Cabernet Servinor and really good Cabernet Servinor makes the most delicious cassiss structured, ripe, lovely, slightly tanic, but if you get the nuity right, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] absolute nectar. >> You are my favorite wine nerd. However, you need a little bit of merlo in a wine like this, I would say, to keep it nice and soft and juicy. >> Cheers. >> Right. Cheers. >> Cheers. I banger. >> Favorite wine so far? >> I think that one. So, we've come 20 minutes just down this road called the D2 and we're in Margo, which might be one of my favorite styles of wine. We're drinking wine from over here, which is Chatau Branctonac. Fred, take a look at these. When we say gravel, this is gravel. Okay. So, these vines dig deep in here. Can you hold me glass, love? >> Yep. Thank you. >> And then we're going to rip the top of this. We're actually drinking a wine called Baron Debran, which is their second wine. So this is a really amazing. We call it a second growth shat of chat uh of of Margo. So it's a second growth chat of Margo. And this is their second wine. So it's a wine that's slight is less expensive. It's more approachable for sure. >> Yeah. And it and it's made from now this is wine nerd touch. This is it made from younger vines or it's made from areas that aren't quite as incredible. Oh, did you hear that? That's a lovely little plop. >> Okay, it's a pop. >> Well, actually, it was a pop. >> I'm going to plop some in there. >> And Margo is generally a softer, more elegant, some sort of say almost more burgundy like like Bordeaux. So, it's very, very elegant wine. It smells You can smell the sort of wind. >> Smell the fruit. Nice malberry sort of malberry blackberry fruit. And I'd say that's probably the most approachable, easiest wine that we've had. >> Very very silky, elegant. >> Easy peasy. >> Little bit lighter in >> And it's lighter. And of course the grapes. >> Come here. Come here, Fred. They're made, Gav. They're made from these. We're in July. We're filming this in July, which is before the grapes have turned color, which is called Verzison. Now >> Gav, you're a vineyard. You're a wine man. Is there what should we know about this? >> Well, it's Cabernet cervin. >> How do we know it's a cabinet? >> Because of the leaves. It looks like it's been shot with grapeshot. It's very holy. Lots of the smaller leaves and and quite holy. This happens to be a very prized block just outside Bran Cantonac, which is a place called Bran, funnily enough. >> Is this for their first wine? This teroir. >> Generally, the better blocks of the platter of bran would go into their first wine, Chatau brand. And what would what would make this? >> Uh well, it might be the younger vines for a start because obviously different parcels need to be ripped up from time to time or vines replaced. So you don't >> And do younger vines make wines that are less complex or less? >> Yeah. Generally generally all things being equal, uh the younger vines generally don't go into the first wine. That's the thing. So So the first wine is is a reserved for the for the older parcels and the better the better plots. Fred, come in. So, the reason the way Gav can work out that these are very old vines is because they're really thick and gnarly at the bottom here. A young vine would be much thinner at the base and much thinner in this in this wooded area here. We're going to Margo, which is different from Margate, to decide which is our favorite of the four wines. Right, let's go. So, the 7:00 bell's going. We've gone in less than a day center through Pouyak through Sachulia into Margo. Four absolutely of my favorite places producing I think Gav and you got me on to it maybe the horniest wine you can try. >> And I want to know if you could put power and elegance inside one domain or one shadow the the premiere where would it be? Well, I think we're here, Tom. Shut them. I'll go. >> Oh my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Can we go there? >> Next time, Tom. Next time, Fred. >> Next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @patthewoodboy [3 likes]: I am learning so much from this channel
  2. @robstein67 [1 likes]: This is not wine tasting... This is a booze cruse in France :-)  Loved every second!
  3. @rickglorie [1 likes]: "Checking the grape variaties" or urinate in the bushes?
  4. @jameswallace9194 [1 likes]: Never knew Margate made such class Red! Would love a sequel to this video, absolute banger.
  5. @Beinion_YT: i have now watched this 4 times, it is absolutly class! I just ordered every wine you guys tasted, cant wait :D
  6. @davekeeley6547: proper wine knowledge on show well done gents. you 2 should be working for the EU wine nations
  7. @keksimus__maximus: Wait hold on are they brothers with Fred? 😮😮
  8. @bluefunkdawg: No
  9. @Thunderbird68-i2f: Let the gentleman speak! You're asking him questions and not letting him finish. Too much wine gone to your head. Wino!
  10. @benlepoidevin7047: Aiming for 30-40 euros a bottle…. Spends £47 each on the last two
  11. @natashabreene2834: So good to see Gav and Sophie on a video!
  12. @matthewelder3220: Brilliant, great episode. Been to Bordeaux once during winter, fab city, fab brocante market, fab wine tasting and fab Rugby!! What’s not to like??😮😮👍👍
  13. @richardcox3713: Bor d’eau.
  14. @francesr48: I’m 6 mo this late to this party, my loss.  Absolutely brilliant
  15. @ChrisWhite-u8m: Tom are you related to Lord Hardthrasher by any chance?
  16. @pmcbMadeInIreland: What a delightful way to spend 20 minutes. Chin chin chaps. 🍷
  17. @mijnmanisklusser: We always used to buy the chateau barryeres for 10 euro to use as a yardstick for the vintage. Remember that in 2005 it was especially good, 50/50 cab merlot. After that we never had a better one tbh.
  18. @paulshawley6490: Great catch at 11:53! This is right in my wheelhouse.
  19. @lmg77: Great video as always Tom. What month did you visit I didn’t catch it in the video?
  20. @arthurbarber7546: Margaux was Nixon's favorite wine.

- Is French Wine Losing Its Prominence? (1999): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] the French are utterly convinced that in marriage of food and wine they are the undisputed masters in France's finest restaurants really do said Benjamin question so in some quarters mentioned say Australian wine and see what we actually see vodka diamond is a style of holes he plays rapid ativan only time will guarantee a study actually I'll tell more looking to us and good Vani Sal guru the to a paucity don't eat it so fun gonna be no new Dom noble fancy in our on Wachovia serve on Kariba eprad funky disco frantic you got no hammer even the are too many Barnard Rizzo is Frances best ship three Michelin stars you luzo is something of a major your jolly come watch me feed me heaters place I've always clearly share and if I'm never use more because even Bourgogne he's so try 50 controlled marinated down satsang ball SATs are low exact go beyond a car they sit in put me away a donkey a mafia extraordinaire aunt olive and what going in a treasonous and he's worried that the marriage between his food and French wine could be on the rocks enormous big part of his own culinary innovations he is at heart a traditionalist in longevity Dougal Picasso Dali Orson Welles meaty humble our internal APIs easy Tom Selleck edition Frances MOCVD co-hosted mizzen a few part ii' Locke additio no buffer zone for connectivity which is why he's horrified at some of the changes going on in the fridge he's worried that French winemakers are following fashion traditions French wine Bela Lugosi lemon shows we have almond jelly scary depart to kiaelise PPR mock shaken say - okay Boris akhantar con McDonald's have a scale meiosis of a VCR City Councilman ultimate concern hey uncle Joey episode eeeh - movie new home francais know who Joe Pepitone said murder continued a affair woven from debated convert copper was aptly even common but pair it continued in persevere a variable to vomit as well as making truly grateful for years the French have also made some chili or for raising the standard of everyday French wine is partly about technology and know-how and partly about the marketing David Morrison is an Australian winemaker work in France re thought if you like is we're trying to make a wine for $4.99 we try to make a wine that looks like it should be sold for $5.99 and that's that's essentially the way we go about it we try to make it look and taste a lot better than the consumer is actually paying for it off the shelf it's an approach which some argue is at odds with the finest French traditions by the first thing we know is that it was planted at the 8th century which means it should have been probably the first vineyard planted in Pernod so Pierre the great Peter the Great was the one of the biggest lover to lucuma high in the 17th century there are Jefferson came here at the 18th century beginning of eighteen country and the sensi of the Queens of England mother and daughter still buying this one filled by anger and mainly drinking it Pierre Chevrolet their shares family of relative newcomers they've been in the wine business since 1830 for but in Burgundy for only 80 years or the country in the industry who have or have been waiting to rule the world have improved the wine they're one the grapes the Roland the French and they still do so what does Piaget believe a share think of wines from the new world from Australia California Chile and the like for me the new world wine are very important for the wine consumption they opened new wine consumer yeah they look young they look seductive they are they're nice gentle not too expensive and very nice for us that the new world wine do the trouble so they're a beginners one another either beginners and one of 100 new consumer will want to to look at the Battle of Puma when a heart of 1,000 will wish to drink it and 1 out of 10,000 will drink it the polite dismissal of new world wine conveniently ignores some big shifts in the French wine industry for more than a decade new world wine makers have been helping to develop areas of France which might one day challenge the supremacy of Bordeaux and burgundy the South of France for me is the new world of France it's starting to produce wines that are totally changing everybody's image of this particular area as it has been up till now that old image was one of cheap plot but the vineyards of the South of France are being transformed I really keep picking these grapes on Mondays and a couple more days I think this vineyard yeah this vineyard is gonna produce a very good wine something is good as we could expect from Bordeaux but we'll get half the money for Australian wines have always thinks extremely forward fruity friendly wines if you like ones that people can understand easily by coming here to the South of France our methods have allowed the people here to discover some of the fruit and some of the quality of the wines that up to now have been masked by bad techniques by bad machines by bad storage by bad buckling for years now local cooperatives in the language op region of southern France have looked to foreign winemakers for expertise and investment and it's starting to pay off quality and prices are going up if you are played on TLC read donations de venir on Khadafi own KTV CDs are me pakku paulo fans not a man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Indonesian batik hola Camila Badu Livonia so Trudy Ron at Ron G aliphatic is Omegan is Americans that he can be huge Australian young Sylvania invested another junkie majority from commentar nominally saw a conan tompa tompa reader will move off the nouvelle doha do living but this is about much more than a few winemakers from Australia and New Zealand rocking the boat the truth is it now must be woman buy wine in supermarkets in France most of woman who don't know what 5 out of 5 woman only one buy the wine purse knows about it and four of them by it's a nice bottle I mean nice level they like the look of the label and that society if they don't know about the wine port on de France is a French company run by French winemakers and it makes the sort of varietal wines labelled after the grape variety Chardonnay or Cabernet serving that's a very unfriendly to do people are more and more convinced that they have to as you have to respect the consumer they are ready to be precise in what they are doing and in what they have to show to to her to the consumer to zero Frances approaches high-tech serious business traditionally French wines are identified by Plato not the type of break yet more than 30 percent of tools on the Frances sales are within the France and it's ground because even if some people think that these rioters and absolute wine it shows that in term of quality in terms of price they have big competitors for all the wines for the world this is precisely the sort of thing that worries Bernard reserve addition of a Polynesia for Molly don't a silly fancy bar allows us recall events a bar excursion even in Buda a weekly ticket a Yamaka Cabernet a play amok a Chardonnay Sarah wants a pair of booties Oliver Shippuden Sevilla new Chardonnay on CBS on the radio on humor so beyond even on Chardonnay do shitty a very Bravo China country well yes video doc Adams you do bad Bell note three don't today burgundy is a good place to start if you want to understand a little about the extraordinary diversity of French wine it's a patchwork of tiny Holdings each producing distinctly different results Dominic Lafont is among Burgundy's best winemakers and he owns a small piece of La Marche the most prized of all white wines it's the most expensive learned in Burgundy worth what worth roughly we're never sure because there's none that many for sale - by close to 50 million francs and nectar a bottle from here might start at around the $500 to get an understanding of what's going on here I have half a nectar of misogyny where which is produced separately I have 3/4 a nectar of military air so that's another wine I make I have 1.7 X el famoso shell which is fairly big form for the area they're all three very different wines and my clients who know these wines know the differences and are expecting something from these revenues in Burgundy the vineyards have the look of manicured gardens every stage of the winemaking process is done with the utmost care when the sugar is burnt to our core these goes like this down down down and ceiling this one is nine ninety seven this morning it's going to be dry at nine ninety-two and Dominic plaforms aim is to interfere as little as possible and I'm always amazed when I have winemakers like come for harvest to help me from New Zealand Australia or California they all always want to do something so the argument goes the new world winemakers try to make the grapes if their idea of power wine should taste which means reliable but really exciting the French winemakers start going the same way when the whole character of French wine then maybe there is cause for concern be be communicative about shitty for marketable varnish we do pseudo- over on californ mean or Fong's garden no don't et Cie nobis o2n ye no no I don't leave I'm on ya list of asking what you let down you already mala a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a booty so you come la vache Cavalia to Papa yet by common consent the French are drinking less wine but better quality wine when they did a generation ago we work with English supermarkets to make wines that they asked us to make because they their clients want it we're doing exactly the same thing here in France making contact with the supermarket's and the agents to do the exactly the same thing for the French market and you think the French are going to want a drink the sort of wine you want to make we're showing them something different there's something they haven't discovered in their own it's a potential they haven't discovered in their own country a port on to France it's full steam ahead the mind I am sure that means she was all travel a lot to the world but it can only be convinced that the work that people do and that even if it's right or wrong it's not prostitute at all it's one which ex-wife Susan vitals the quality of the souls and the region from where succumb and also the express of the style of the winemaker also company will do this wine for meaning though that's a huge change from the way the French have been making wine for centuries you need only scratched the surface of French wine to understand just how much there is to know in treasure researchers 1959 visible 1950 trade two bottles left the French have set the mark for wine they're not about to throw it all away no more I sure 1969 mm-hmm and we are going to taste it if you please I'll be delighted if you accept I accept and even if you wanted to is it possible to standardize wine pure different noise the French wine industry has always taken account of foreign tastes that's nothing new look at this color it's golden is not intense hmm most truffles every connoisseur in the world now knows that more shape is the best white wine in the world and when you will be able to find this wine sir two years after in the new world wine you will imagine that the New World wines start to be good one side was I hope the recession in the meantime perhaps that simply pay homage to the French for bringing us this far

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandonhayhew [2 likes]: This is just a slow decline of the western civilization.
  2. @diegosotomiranda4107: Yes
  3. @jogobeno: "like mc donalds it will go down" yeah right
  4. @badboymikkey: Fast becoming irrelevant.
  5. @ajwasp3642: Try an Oregon Pinot Noir, some of the worlds best.
  6. @educationedition21: what is this???? 😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧

- WINE DOCUMENTARIES - Five suggestions to enjoy.: Kind: captions Language: en we're not set in front of this camera talking about wine you'll tend to find me sat in front of the TV watching other people talk about wine there are some really fantastic wine documentaries out there to enjoy so today I thought I'd take you through some of the wine documentaries that I've enjoyed and would recommend hello and welcome to the great Explorer where we celebrate the world of wine on this channel we do wine education product reviews and lots of tastings so if you're interested in wine consider subscribing now as you can imagine there are lots of documentaries about the subject of wine wine is becoming ever more popular year on year and so there's a lot to talk about when it comes to the industry some of the people involved in the industry the stories of wine and also some of the controversies as well I'm going to talk through some of the wine documentaries that I've enjoyed over the last few years and just give a little bit of information about each one wherever possible I'm going to provide links to those documentaries or at least be able to tell you where you're going to be able to view them so the first one I want to come to is the documentary from the year 2004 and it's called mondo vino and this is a slightly older documentary now although I'm sure you'll be able to find it through places like iTunes Amazon it's not on Netflix as as far as I'm aware here in the UK when I watched it I actually managed to watch it via YouTube with subtitles when it was originally released back in 2004 it's actually nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival and what it does is it tells the story of the wine industry and whether or not it's been it's losing its soul to some of the bigger organizations so there's a real contrast in storytelling between some of our smaller producers as well as some of the more global producers and it introduces the concept of global winemakers kind of flying winemakers who have a responsibility globally for vineyards and will you like literally fly-in to a particular region advise that vineyard on what they need to do and then they're off to the next one and so it does follow a winemaker in this way as well as following some of the smaller winemakers and some of the larger ones things like Robert Mondavi is featured in this particular documentary and it's just a really interesting insight into big companies versus small companies you know corporations versus small producers with their own plots of land and so definitely one that I would recommend my second recommendation is a 2016 documentary that from for me I've been able to watch some Netflix so it's still available there and it's called sour grapes and it's a story of an Indonesian man by the name of Rudy can arrow an who duped a lot of people into buying fake counterfeit bottles of wine it's a really fascinating story looking at why wines become more desirable and going through some of the things that Rudy had gotten himself involved with now Rudy himself declined to be interviewed for this particular documentary although there are lots of other individuals who played a part in this particular case who have taken part in the documentary one one maker in particular lon also plays a pivotal role in this particular documentary he was one of the first to identify that some of the wines from his own Chateau that were being auctioned weren't necessarily the real thing there are also some really interesting characters who kind of refused to believe that Rudy has done anything wrong and I get that they're they're his friends and they're standing by their friend they're also some characters in this documentary who I would complete idiots and I'll leave that up to yourself to work out who they are so definitely check this story out it is a fascinating story the the legacy of Rudy Kinnear one is still felt to this day and will be felt for many years to come so it's a very interesting what the next documentary that I want to talk about is from 2013 it's an Australian documentary by the name of red obsession and the reason for the title red obsession is it focuses on Bordeaux and how Bordeaux wines over the last few years have become ever more desirable and it focuses on the Chinese market for Bordeaux wines and how you know a lot of people with a lot of money are willing to spend a lot of money on these wines now it does raise some interesting questions around do they want these wines because they want to drink and enjoy these wines or do they want these wines because they just want to have them they've got the money to spend and they just want to buy whatever you know going through watching some of the people we interviewed money clearly is no object for them they couldn't care less that other people aren't going to get to enjoy these wines so they're bidding absolutely ridiculous sums of money to be able to own them and of course you know some things only ever worth what someone's willing to pay to have that thing but it is disappointing that the Bordeaux market for most people now is unobtainable and I get that people want to have the cachet that's attached with having some of these things but in this way you know I'm never going to get to try some of these Bordeaux wines I'm simply never going to be able to afford them and it's because people with far too much money and too much kind of spare money if you like I'm going to just be able to snap these things up because it's easy to do for them so well obsession is a really good look at Chinese influence on the prices of Bordeaux you know lots of chateaus now are owned by which Chinese families China itself is breaking into the wine market they're starting to make inroads into that market as well so I'm not certainly not saying that you know the Chinese market is a terrible thing them injecting money into the wine industry is good but I do think some characters featured in the documentary kind of need to take a look at themselves and ask themselves what why are they doing this what's their motivation behind wanting to own some some Bordeaux wine the next one I want to talk about and for me it's probably the most influential in getting me into wine that little bit more is the documentary song which is a 2013 documentary from the United States which focuses itself on the master sommelier exam and in particular its following the paths of for individuals who are about to take their master sommelier exam so the documentary joins us just a few weeks before they're due to take the exam and you really get an insight into what's going to be required to take the exam to pass the exam and how these four individuals have bonded over their love of wine but also you know really there to support each other through the process for me it's definitely been an inspiration for me wanting to learn more about wine there's certainly some things that happened in that documentary that I took on from a wine study in perspective you know one of the one of the individuals in the documentary is obsessed with cards little cards to chew to himself to teach himself to how to learn more about wine you know these flashcards was something that I took on through my own wine study but it's also incredibly fascinating to watch them go through an approach to tasting how they're able to recall the regions of sub-region as the vintages for any particular wine that they're tasting blind is incredible and the nice thing about the documentary as well is you get to have interviews with lots of other Master Sommeliers so you really hear from the experts about what it was for them to go through the exam and how they were able to cue to some of these new upcoming sommeliers to pass the exam as well so Psalm is the one for me that really got me started in appreciating wine a lot more and it's really fantastic and so the last one that I'm going to talk about is actually a follow-up to the Somme documentary from 2013 Psalm into the bottle that was released in 2016 if my memory serves me correctly and and takes a look at some of the great wine stories that we have so it's picked out some specific stories around wine some of them are based on family conflicts that might have taken place in the past some of them are around the cost of wine some of them are around you know wine and food pairings there's just some really interesting characters in this documentary with some great stories to tell there's a story about the Mathiason winery in California that was subject to an earthquake and what that meant there's some further interviews with Fred Dame who features on the first documentary and it is again featured here he's he's a he's a key character in these documentaries and there's just some really great stories they talk about wine points they talk about the cost of wine they talk about the history of wine as well you know and what they do is they bring back some of those sommelier from the first documentary and they get them into open and enjoy some really special bottles so again sob into the bottle another fantastic documentary definitely one I would recommend but over to you what have you been watching what could you recommend for me to watch let me know in the comment section below and the great Explorer I look forward to seeing you again soon Cheers you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @federicofernandes2453 [3 likes]: "A year in Burgundy" and "A year in Champagne" are both well made and interesting. 🍷
  2. @Traveler-rf8ye [3 likes]: Now there's a new one on Netflix under the name Rotten. Quite interesting.
  3. @DavidslvPT [2 likes]: Have you had the chance to start watching: "The Wine Show"  on Amazon Prime?
  4. @chrisboot5241 [2 likes]: Great delivery. However, I would suggest using a studio with a little sound insulation to remove the echo. Just a thought 😀
  5. @rosacapell4788 [1 likes]: Great video,thanks
  6. @dognatious6153 [1 likes]: If you're into wine in any sort of way and want to forgo the documentary route and just be entertained, you must watch "bottle shock" and "sideways".
  7. @dognatious6153 [1 likes]: A jaw dropper wine documentary is "TOXIC WINE". I'm forgoing most American wines and returning to smaller boutique wines, overseas, and Old World wines. The stuff that's being done to, and added to high-end American wines to produce good tastes is disgusting.
  8. @sherridecembrini7949 [1 likes]: I watched a doc about table wine and the growers of the grapes in france. it was really good but cant for the life of me remember what it was called.
  9. @collettehone5903 [1 likes]: Bottle Shock
  10. @apexxxx10 [1 likes]: In Vino Veritas. Thanks. Great content. Just watched the Rudy Kurniawan documentaries, both of them. Your sound on my MacBook Air is crisp and clear. Question what type  microphone are you guys using? Brand? We use Aussie Röde mic. Here is our Car MG and Wine reportage from Thailand. Khao Yai Winey  https://youtu.be/5IJR9ooqlxg
  11. @Underneaththebottle [1 likes]: Ouuh, I still need to check out Sour Grapes!! That little rascal 😂🍷
  12. @hopejordan3929: Great information 🍇
  13. @tmartins2956: Nice video, nevertheless too much talk & could have put more images or small videos in between plus documentarie words displayed…
The one I watched is “Red obsession” it is a masterpiece the orher for a good laugh and more beginner like me with the one and only John Cleese Wine for the confused.
  14. @jorgelopezburgoin: Hi!
There are a few documentaries about wine that you might be interested.

Fermentación Espontanea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRNgMrZLRpU
A documentary about the "natural wine" movement in Spain.

Senza Trucco.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAFH04yONaU
Four Italian wine female makers talking about wine and life.

Cheers!

- BORDEAUX: What’s Next for the World’s Most Famous Wine Region? (with Jean-Pierre Durand): Kind: captions Language: en You said that Bordeaux is facing major crisis. >> Very often people will say it's just a conjuncture. So meaning [music] that in couple of years things will recover. My opinion it will not recover. Um I have datas. >> So drink more Bordeaux. >> Yes please. It's not a vanog. Vangog is finished. The production is finished. But in our case every year nature is giving us a a crop yield and it's uh it's nice. We have to drink bordo. the trade is misunderstanding Bordeaux. Um really it's especially the young somebody they were saying okay in Bordeaux the shadows are closed and the people they look like selling cars. So definitely if you come closer you will see that Bordeaux is not like this anymore. Consumers they know about Bordeaux. They would like to taste more Bordeaux but the offer is very limited in reality >> because you have only the top names. But again, um, I can tell thousands of great wines in Bordeaux that you can buy from 15 to€60. >> Hi everybody, this is Agnes from No Sediment and welcome to No Sediment Wine Podcast. Today my guest is Jean Pierre Don, chief wine maker at Advini. Yes. Estates in Bordeaux. >> In Bordeaux. Yes. >> Hi. How are you? >> Fine. And you? >> I'm good. I'm good. Gloomy weather outside. It's >> so happy to be with you all. >> Thank you. Um, so before we start, my very first question to everyone is, uh, could you maybe introduce yourself to the audience and tell everyone how your wine journey started? >> Okay. It's a long wine journey. >> Okay. >> So, yeah, it started in Ron Valley close to Shaton of Dup. I was probably eight or 10 years old when I was making wine with my grandfather. he was the one to uh help me and teach me how to prune and how to make great wines. Uh then I turned into different studies and I ended up in Burgundy for 15 years involved in vineyards as cludar or chat mo then moved back to inhatap. I was in charge for Advini of Laurat Pop. Nice bottle that probably some of you know and since 2019 I am in Bordeaux in charge of different vineyards of Advini both in Midok and in Centillion. When we first discussed about this interview back in the spring, you said that Bordeaux is facing major crisis. So first before we talk about the crisis itself, what exactly did you mean by that? So what is the crisis? Is it decreasing vineyards? Is it the pressure on growers, difficulties on on premier? Or is there like bigger challenges uh at play? >> Yeah, there are many challenges. Um it's just normal when you are a leader in any kind of activity everybody is betting against you and sometimes uh when you are a leader and when the things are going too well for you on your side maybe you don't do enough effort in order to keep up this position. So we have been seeing different segment of Bordo production that are facing uh difficulties at the moment. That can be the regional app bordo but also the GRU class that in the last years started to be more kind of speculative product instead of being wines that are enjoyed and drunk by consumers. >> So you think that the main problem is that it has become a product that we collect? >> Yeah. And the thing is you can collect to a certain point because rich people are not that numerous in the world even if every year you have more and more but definitely nature is pushing you are producing a vintage every year. So you need at the end of the day to have bottles open otherwise at a certain stage it's like a bubble and I think that the bubble has burst. >> So what in your opinion has caused it? Again uh the thing is uh if you go to different markets and you are going around a lot uh you see open estates you see friendly people having made a lot of effort on their wine profile. You look at Shaton Dup 25 years ago when our new generation took over uh from our fathers. Shatonvap was very often with a little bit of betanomises or even a bit of volatile and everybody enjoyed it. It was shat. So when we started to clean it up um the first years was difficult because everybody would say why is it so fruity it won't last and by the end you see today 20 years later it's just perfect because the the the capacity of aging of a wine has nothing to see with all these uh bad things that uh we used to have in our empty pop. Uh but if you look at Bordeaux um probably by not being very often in contact with customers part of the production started to be on the wine profile that nobody likes today. So since people have done a lot of effort we are about 4,000 people in Bordeaux producing wine and selling wine. Of course not all of them are on the wrong path. It would be stupid to say that. And today in particular, thanks to the latest vintages that we have, Bordeaux has great potential in a price range that will be incredible compared to Burgundy or to Kanti or to uh different places of the world. So there is big room for Bordeaux to recover from that that path. >> You you talk about recovery and I actually have a question here. So what changes either economic or regul regulatory do we need to avoid the crisis? You said that we cannot avoid it. It's already here. Or maybe so we can mitigate the risks. >> Yeah. So the first thing is to go back to the market. Uh show that Bordeaux is friendly, that Bordeaux is a very great wines at every stage of the scale in the in the I mean red Bordau to Med to Centon Grav. All those wines today, everything that we taste from vintage 19, 20, 22, they're just perfect. So when once you have the great wines in your cellar, it's much easy to go back to the market. And so now we are promoting all the wine makers to go around and to show that again Bordau is nice. Bordau can be very food friendly. So it it's not a stock that you have, okay? It's it's a a wine that you have to drink and there are so many drinkable borders not only in wine profile but in price that today we need to make people rediscover Bordo and first the professional people. >> This is really interesting that you said it uh that Bordeaux is for enjoyment and for drinking. I just recently just for my YouTube channel I did this. So I purchased a bottle of Petrus. It's a very expensive bottle and I would have never done it if I wouldn't have my YouTube channel. But the comments that I received from people, the price makes no sense >> for that bottle to be opened and enjoyed. >> It just like I I think it is not only I don't I cannot even express myself, but I think the problem is that it was so overpriced that for a normal person who does not want to show off >> but just simply have a glass of of wine and enjoy it. It it seems almost painful to pay such an amount of money. >> Yeah. But this is about 5 to 25 labels in Bordeaux. Just come closer to Bordeaux and you will discover great wines in Centillo in particular that are not concrete class and that you can get on the range of 40 to50 and that you can open a bottle of 40 or 50. So the question is for us to make sure that uh the wine seller are going to showcase Bordeaux on in that range of of of price. You know um in most countries when we do market studies we see that uh consumers they know about Bordeaux, they would like to taste more again, um I can tell thousands of great €15 to €60 and this is perfectly adapted for opening a bottle on the weekend among friends. >> I absolutely agree with you. I think Bordeaux actually offers great value. The problem is that we don't see it, you know. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And the the second thing is probably uh it's difficult to understand that for consumers but the way the market is organized in Bordo the brands are the brands of the shadows but those shadows they can go to market with different players and so it's difficult to protect the margins of our distributor and so for the distributor when they built the notoriity of one chateau they take the risk of this shadow coming to their market on a different way on a different pricing and this doesn't arrive with the Burgundy or Italy because in these places the wine makers are selling their wines directly to the trade and that that makes a big difference. >> So my next question actually was about the plus laaza Bordeaux and uh before we talk about it more deeply. Could you maybe introduce the system so that everyone who watches understand it? Yeah. >> Yeah. The plus de Bordau is a great network of wine merchant that are going around the world for centuries now. uh most of them were connected with English companies or Dutch companies and so they have established distribution everywhere in the world. The only thing is because the chateau can go through different players and arrive to the market again at different pricing. It makes a bit of confusion today and so probably the plaza bordau will recover also by having exclusive agreement by markets for making sure that uh all their effort done for one chat will be u recognized and will be yeah part of their profit as well because by the end of the day no profit no business. >> Okay. So you think that there still is a role for Borlas to play for Bordeaux because increasingly more producers are starting to work directly with the consumer >> understand that it's it's a cycle you know uh if you look at our Italian friends very often one producer will be able to go and visit four to five markets but he cannot go worldwide it's not possible you know that I've been traveling a lot uh it's not possible to travel that much to be distributed in 60 countries. So you need to have specialized people and plus as wine maker our job is to make wine. So if you are not in your cellar, if you are not in your field, how do you want to secure your production, secure your wine profile if you are just around the world. So at a certain point you need to have the support of people doing that forever. So they have logistic, they have a lot of salespeople able to do trainings all around the world. We just need to have more uh yeah more tight relationship in between producers and negot going together to the market. That is what we are organizing today with CIVB in Bordo. >> Okay. But there's still also broker in the middle. So we have producer, we have broker, then we have negoti and then we have >> like >> people like me who sell wine. >> Yeah. [laughter] So the the the question will be how the brokers can be uh adapted to the new way of working in in Bordeaux because if the uh shadows are going direct to the market, you don't need a broker in the middle. Um so that's why they are thinking very well on how to organize themselves. One point is again organizing uh allocations and organizing exclusivity of distribution. This is something that the brokers should do to keep their place because this is an important role. It's difficult for a wine maker. Again, we ask the wine makers to do so many things. Look today this is not usual for me. Uh so you need to be on Instagram, you need to do uh all the legislative things, you need to be good in geology, in chemistry. We cannot be good everywhere and especially when it comes to negotiate for our own interest. Sometimes we are too much in into our product into our wines and so we are passionate people and sometimes >> to have someone close to you able to say okay cool down because your interest should be there or there it's important. So the brokers they have a room for them and I think the best ones will be successful in the future. >> Okay. So the system still >> the system has to reinvent itself but each part has a as a room for development and as a role to play that's very important. Do you feel some resistance in Bordeaux now from people like what what is the inside feeling now? You said that you are talking and looking into ways to >> Well, Bordeaux is a big is a big boat. I we we are still one of the largest region of production and you know that in France everything is connected because we are gathering means for promotion all together. So very often people will say it's just a conjuncture. So meaning that in couple of years things will recover. My opinion it will not recover. Um I have datas especially because the French market is declining a lot. Um it would be just funny for the audience but my grandfather used to drink a liter per day even more. So it's about 400 liters per year. My father would drink 180 I'll drink 60 my son 24. And that has been since the 70s. So the consumption is France is very yeah it's declining very deeply and it will not recover. So we need to export and if you look at our export numbers in terms of volume we didn't get any volume more for the last 10 years meaning that we need to get rid of grapes or we need to be better exporting our wines. >> Let's talk about on premier. [laughter] [gasps] Um so my question is I feel or I see that it is not working. It's not working anymore. It hasn't been working since 2010 I think or maybe you know slightly even before. So do you think on premier system is still relevant today? >> Well that will be only my personal opinion. Um I'm in Bordo since 2019 and um the AM Premier system is based on u tasting wines so young that you need to be such an expert to understand what the wine is going to become 3 years later that already technically speaking it's really complicated to do so. The second thing is uh it's a monetary system. So if 3 years later you don't get a better value on your wines that buying it le so liab means buying it straight from the chateau when it's ready to be shipped. Um where do you want to put that money? Uh you know money used to cost less than 1% it was okay but now money cost 5 6%. So who can afford that uh to make small margins? >> So >> or even drop the price like I'm sorry like Yeah, >> because I think with 2010 was it that you on premier it was more expensive than later released. >> Yeah. Yeah. And the second thing is um this organization can be turned into work only VA because anyway from the yeah from about 10 years ago they started to do bout means to have a warehouse for your own bottles at the chatau. So they have inventory. So they have wines that are ready to be shipped. start working on and probably we will recover from that. >> This is interesting because uh when was it that the chat tour uh exited the young premier system? >> It's already probably 10 years ago. >> Yeah. And a lot of people expected that some other producers would follow but no one actually really I think they're one of the loudest names currently and rest and the rest of them are still doing on premier. >> So it seems that Borderaux still believes in it. Well, you believe in it till the moment you don't see transactions and this and this year in particular was really bad. So part of uh the trade is saying that next year will be a recovery. >> I don't think so. I don't think so because uh people that used to be there for investing in inventory having big money for that today they are putting their money on gold on bitcoins and not on anymore on our wines and so the whole system doesn't exist if you don't have uh people willing to invest and speculate on it because speculators they are just looking after uh rates you know after percentage of uh do I increase my value and because of the big names dropping prices. Uh they they think they are not going to make any money out of it. So why they should uh block their money on wines. The only good way to do it is drink the bottles. If you are super rich, clean, drink the bottle, please. >> I agree with you. I recently made a video and I tasted uh the foran 2016 and I said exactly that like you have to drink your Bordeaux like and and that bottle was just amazing. It was absolutely fabulous uh wine. You have to drink it. Yeah. Otherwise, it's just, >> you know, it's not it's not a vangog. Vongog is finished. The production is finished. But in our case, every year nature is giving us a a crop yield and it's uh it's nice. We have to drink bord. >> But what would realistically take for umpre to become attractive again? So you said it's better to >> to change name. >> To change name >> to change name and to say come for liable. >> And taste only the the wise. >> No. >> I don't think so. No. 50% drop. >> Not anymore. >> No. Okay. So, so it's beyond repair. Um, another topic I wanted to discuss with you is uh about Bordeaux specifically. So, we often when we say Bordeaux, we always think about like these grunge tattoos, you know, and luxury. >> But at the same time, Bau Bordeaux, Bordeaux is also a major bulk wine region. So how do these two identities coexist in this uh >> well the >> area >> if if we speak about volumes because that's very important the lower part of bordo production used to be very very huge huge right we are talking million of liters meaning hundreds of millions of bottles this has decreased but there is a change in what used to be the profile and the price we used to sell bordo to old people that were used to have it as part of the food. You know, in certain countries you have potatoes, in France we have wine by the table. And so those consumers, they want to buy Bordeaux at 22 250, you know, euros in the shop. >> Empty bottle costs how much? [laughter] >> And so that leave very little place for doing great wines. So these consumers anyway we cannot sustain them because unfortunately they are passing out because they are very old people. They are replaced by young consumers that are able to pay 8 to€10 for a bordo. So definitely we have more means to produce great borderio but we are not going to sell what we used to sell in the past. We used to sell 5.5 million ecto liters 10 years ago. We are selling 3.2 today. >> Wow. >> Okay. So that's why we need to get rid of uh vineyards and we have to turn all these bulk consumption into great local wines, teroir wines. >> So you would say that ripping out wines is painful but necessary thing to do right now. >> Yeah. Unfortunately um because if you um if you keep in mind that if you have inventory you cannot bring value to your wines. um viticulture as a all agricultural product you need to uh maintain your vineyards and it has [clears throat] a cost. So if you are not able to sell at above your cost of goods you are just bringing the whole region down. So we need to get rid of some of the vineyards especially those were planted in bad areas because it had happened in the past or the ones that are too old to produce great wines. And then by managing this we keep this uh land management effect of the vitic culture because vitic culture everywhere in the world is super beautiful. You go to Italy because the landscape is managed by viticulturist and it's beautiful. You go to Porto the dual world region. So we need to have that kind of process also for enhancing our ter. >> So now if I understand correctly the vineyard area in Bordeaux has dropped below 100,000 yes hectares is correct. Yes. So how much do you at what point do you think there will be the balance achieved? >> That's a super good question because as the land is owned by individual people uh everybody goes at its own rhythm and the market on the other side is is playing so it's offering demand. Um probably we need to get rid of another 12 to 20,000 ectar in order to balance the ratio and at the same time we need to continue working on our wine profile less wine better wines and going to consumers to explain them. >> What aspects of doing do you think are misunderstood currently by consumers or even trade right now? Uh definitely um the trade is misunderstanding Bordeaux um really it's especially the young um because >> okay [laughter] >> because Bordo used to be Bordeaux used to be managed by people with cotton ties looking like uh car sales guys. This is from a survey what the we we did in in the states. They were saying okay in Bordeaux the chataus are closed and the anymore. Uh but to come closer you need to attract the trade because it's the trade that is going to put the wines in front of consumers. And again most of the world wine lovers they know about Bordeaux. they they desire to get more Bordeaux but the trade is a little bit blocked. Uh but if you look at today the price of Bordeaux in each category, you look a cour of a great um making and you compare it to okay I'm going to be bad but you compare it to Burgundy Poir quality is just fantastic the concentration done to uh because of this very high concentration in vineyards compared to original wine there is no comparison so everything has a cycle So probably um Burgundy or certain Tuscan will uh will have to cool down a little bit with their pricing. So it leaves room for Bordeaux to come back. >> So what I what I wanted to talk to you about is that I see Bordeaux currently changing. So many producers are shifting their style towards the driven no interventionist. Do you see this is a long-term trend or a niche movement? >> I say it's a long-term trend. Um also because producer are visiting markets more and more and so they see what the supercan are doing with cabernet soven and melo. Um and the second thing is when you go closer to the top teroir of Bordo you you have so many qualities intrinsic qualities so we just need to enhance that uh so we don't have to be so much strong in they say in in the tank uh too much extraction and then too much aging will do makeup of our wines and we don't need that probably um what explain that period of time is certain estate were so successful commercially that they had to expand their quantity of production. So they would have to buy pieces of land around them a little bit further which is not their original teroir and so by the end they were lacking of identity. So they had to put a little bit more work in the cellar in order to create an identity. But this is too much artificial. So you see more and more people coming back to 80% of the quality is done in the vineyard and you get grapes in the cellar and you just have to bring them to the bottle as with a little uh intervention from your side. So then you can feel the place you can feel the taste of this teroir >> and how has climate change reshaped the Bordeaux and what adaptations do you see most effective currently? So it's it's not really politically correct to say that climate change has benefit to Bordeaux, but it's a reality. Bordeaux is a very northern type of uh vineyard. The latitude is between 42 and 47. Uh we are very close to the ocean. So we have this cooler aspect of the ocean. And now with the change in climate, you see that uh cabal soor are rapen more and more often. So we we don't have this vintage struggle that we used to have in the past because very often the >> particularly the critics would say oh that vintage you should avoid. So now we have more and more sun. Uh the adaptation we have to do is as Bordeaux is planted at high density we have to take care of drought during July and August because uh the competition in between vines sometimes is too strong. And if you look at the yield in Bordeaux, it's going down. We are just about 40 ecto liters per hectar. Although we should be able to produce 50. So we have to be careful on how we manage our land and how we manage our viticulture in order to make sure that we can sustain a production that is very qualitative though without hurting our plants. >> So you said the density so the regular density currently in Bordeaux is around 10,000 wines per hectare. >> Yeah. 9,000 to 10,000. Okay. So, what do you think it should go lower? >> No, it's not. It should go lower. It's just that uh if you manage these vineyards plus grass in in the middle of the rows, you have to be careful on how the the plant will get his water, especially during July and August, which are very critical. Now in Bordeaux even though we receive 1,00 and something mm of water during winter uh only the top teroir are going to be able to sustain that water for July and August. So that's why you have to be very careful in that. >> Okay. So we had a small pause here and we have a bottle. So I will open it and then if you want to you can uh share maybe a little bit about it. >> Yeah. This is chat in centime. So you know centilio has three types of teroir. One will be on on the top of of centillion vineyards as chat shavel for instance and then you have a nice slope which is very close to chat pave a beautiful slope facing south southeast and then you have a flatland going to the dordoni river which is only by sand. So capigi is a very small boutique winery based on this uh slope we call it the slope of pave. So regards to uh >> slow >> to Mr. P that unfortunately passed away a couple of months ago. Um but it's a very interesting part because it's a combination of clay, limestone and sand. And with this beautiful exposure you get fantastic ripeness for the cabern. So capig is today 30% cabernif and then meru and we are planting more and more cababon. So that is the adaptation of uh change in climate. So you would say that in centimeon cabernet front would adapt better >> especially in that part centime because in that part the mellows they start to be a little bit too heavy or too yeah fully ripen and get this prune prune kind of aromomas that you don't want to have in the wine today those wines they have to be fresh enough to be uh combined with food you know we are French so these wines should be always pair with food and it's part of the gastronomy experience. So you have to combine the complexity of this wine with the complexity of the food you are eating. >> Let me ask you a controversial question. So currently we see Bordeaux changing stylistically producing more fresher like aciditydriven wines. >> Do you think No, let me reshape it. So the style is changing which earns really high scores from wine critics. Do you think the regular public >> like everyday wine drinker really likes that or they actually like that a bit of griper style more? >> Okay. Uh yeah. Yeah. It's fantastic. Now the the the question is perfect. Um I was just saying that we are making wine for gastronomy. So we know that today a lot of people are saying you need to adapt your wine profile to be drunk outside of the table. It's okay. We do some of that those wines in Bordeaux AOP Bordeaux. But when it comes to C, even if you can enjoy it by the glass, the reality is that combination of fresh style with this beautiful acidity and soft tannins will be perfectly matching food. For instance, capier on chop of lamb lamb, sorry, with a nice sauce with mushrooms this winter will be just perfect. So if you don't have that acidity with food, you will get something too heavy. And so when the wine is above the food because of too much wood, too much extraction, you don't have a full experience of gastronomy. So I think that there is a future for that. And sometimes we you have to play in your field, meaning definitely class, grrew, all those wines in Bordeaux, they are meant to be drunk with food and to enjoy company. So yes, I think this style is going to be successful. >> Okay. So you briefly touched upon like grape varieties, but what do you think about the revival of historic or forgotten grapes such as Malbec for example? >> Do you think they could also play a larger role in the future in Burdo? >> Yeah, we do plant Malbec. Uh so we have a second vineyard in Santio which is based on sandy soil of centilio and there we have a combination of melo and malbec and definitely the malbec is expressing so much fruit in that part of centilio it's just perfect but it used to be one of the main uh type in bord >> until 56 >> yes it was called the cut but it's a little bit capricious so it's a bit difficult to manage that's why probably people forget about it but today as uh consumers are looking for deep color, beautiful aromas, still fresh and vivid wines. Malbeck is perfectly adapted for that. >> So if you could redesign Bau's strategy for the next 20 years, what would be the three top priorities? >> Well, the three top priorities will be first we need to have the professional people together with us. So we need to have uh people in wine bars, people in wine sellers and restaurant people uh understanding that Bordeaux has changed that Bordo is is great value for money but also great value for consumer experience. So to do that we need to have the help of people as you as the journalist saying Bordo has changed and so we need to have more people as me coming talking to regular consumers but also to the trade that Bordeaux is good. So it means that we need to have a lot of people going outside of uh the border region to go to the markets and to do as the Italians have done for the last 20 years and we need to be able also to propose experiences in our own vineyards. All shadows should be open. So we are working a lot on that and the idea would be to make sure that everybody drinking wine from 25 to 45 years old not having strict habits of consumption like I want to drink only Burgundy as the 50 plus are doing or I want to be only on those wines. those people they have to be in touch with us to have this experience of uh tasting those great wines together with food in gastronomy to be welcome in Bordeaux and to enjoy this beautiful countryside if you do that I'm pretty sure that in the future we'll be successful in Bordo again >> okay how does Adavini position itself within the region going undergoing such changes currently >> yeah Advini is a large company involved in different vineyards in France and South Africa. So we are based in in Shabi for instance with Daros in Shatonap with Laurato in Burgundy with Mison Champi. Uh so because it's it's a large organization but organized by a small um local organization local people. Um we have a social responsibility um because we have a lot of people going around the world. So we know about the market trends. So I think we can be one of the people bringing border back to uh yeah to the market on the good way. So that's why uh as personal responsibility I'm in charge of the promotion side of the CIVB. Um and the idea again is to make sure that uh we are able to go back and see consumers and see uh trade people with our all our good ways. And if I can be a part of it, we are spending time and money for that. >> Okay. So we are almost at the end of our conversation. I have few more questions left. But uh before we move to the more fun part >> uh do you have something that you wanted to talk about and and say something that I did not ask to you? >> Yeah. Well, especially for Bordeaux again, I I would like everybody to open a bottle of Bordeaux in the coming uh three months because they will rediscover things. Um to make sure we do that again, we are working a lot with the sumist especially at Alvini, we are supporting the international association especially the boot camps where all the young sisters are trained to be even better and so they can get in touch with Bordeaux. Uh so if you have the possibility, ask your wine uh people in the sellers or in the wine bars a glass of Bordeaux, a glass of Cabernet Sveno and Meru coming from Bordeaux and you will be very happy. You see >> good. And uh and I think you're right. I think at some point you mentioned that there's this great value and really high quality and uh I think that it is so rare that we are disappointed in B in Bordeaux wines you know like if you if you take the same price category 20 to 50 it is so rare that we are disappointed in Bordeaux and it is so common that you can actually be disappointed in Burgundy because at that price category you almost have to >> really look to find a gem or know where you're looking. Okay. So, drink more Bordeaux. >> Yes, please. >> Okay. So, what is one wine myth you would like to debunk? >> Oh, that's that's that's a big question. Uh, one of them is um in every book you you you read that uh in order to produce a great wine, vines has to suffer. I don't know about you, but me when I suffer, I don't know about you guys, but when I suffer, I'm not good at all, you know. And being a human, if I suffer because of warmth in the vineyard, I can go to the shade. The plant doesn't go to the shade. So the plant protects itself. And when the plant suffer too much, it will cut the uh feeding of uh se the blood of the plant to the grapes. And you see the green part of the bunch becoming brown and so it's wood and so the polyphenol are not ripening anymore. The plant is protected itself. Yeah. >> So a plant has to be managed nicely because it's it's like a human being but the plant cannot move. So please forget about this. The plant doesn't have to suffer to make great points. >> I agree. I completely agree with that. Okay. Um there is one more question. Uh but before that we will do a lightning round. I I told you. So we have a lightning round. So let's start. We have 10 questions. Left bank or right bank? >> Left bank dunk. Left bank, Cabernet Soon or Merllo? Oh, >> that's a tough one. Cabel Svenon. >> 2010 or 2016 vintage? >> 2016. >> Why? >> Because it's my first vaging board. >> Buying on premier or buying matured? >> Uh, buy le very mature. You have plenty choices. >> Okay. Malbeck comeback or stick to Cabernet Franc? >> Uh, Malbec definitely. >> Okay. Terois driven wine or house style consistency? >> Teroa. Okay. White ter and vintage meaning that you have to feel the place and you have to feel the year. That's very important. >> White Bordeaux or sweet Bordeaux. >> White Bordeaux. >> Puyak or Margo? >> Puyak. >> Pomero. >> Transparency or mystique? >> That's a good one. Um, I think it's nice to have a little bit of mystic for people to come and try to understand better. Good. We actually didn't talk about white border which I think is really really exciting category right now. Yeah. >> And completely uh >> and cremo as well. >> Yeah. Because it's based on the mer. So it's a blondenoir goes perfectly with you guys. >> Yes. [laughter] >> It's a blondenoir. So in terms [clears throat] of rumor sabers just perfect very fine bubbles. Everything be is picked by hand because it's in the so going to be great bubbles coming from Bordo very soon. >> Okay. The uh last question from the previous guest we had a guest from Netherlands and he what what he does he knows winefall. So talk about your bretonomyes. He knows it where it comes from and how how can you avoid it. So he uh asked this very unique question. If you had to choose between drinking wine from a plastic cups for the rest of your life or having proper glassear but it is always filled at the very top. Which of the two you would choose? >> I think I choose the plastic cup and really enjoy my wines here. >> Okay. So do you have a question to the next guest? So >> yeah. So the question will be when did you have Bordo for the last time? >> Which bottle was it? And how did you enjoy it? >> Okay, good. Good. And uh to everyone of my guests, >> thank you very much for coming and living through uh this morning. It was quite intense. >> Yes. And uh so maybe when it's too hot and you want some shade, use it in the vineyards. >> Yes. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nandarajaram7740 [6 likes]: I’ve been drinking fine Bordeaux for fifty years.The wines I used to drink often,now cost several hundred pounds bottle.Ridiculous prices.
  2. @peterwallin5445 [2 likes]: Pontet Canet 2015 yesterday.
  3. @Joeytaranto7788 [2 likes]: Fantastic episode. I wish we could drink more Bordeaux in Australia but with our taxes, even 2nd and 3rd growths are $500-$800 and the importers just don’t import the cheaper stuff. My last En Primeur purchase, the wine was released only $15 more than I paid 3 years earlier. Hardly worth locking away money that far in advance for a $15 discount
  4. @gilthefin85 [2 likes]: Audible fart at 39:38... very funny, otherwise a great dialogue on the state of Bordeaux. Great job Agnese, I enjoy your content very much; all the way here from Texas.
  5. @dynamohums [1 likes]: I had a lovely St. Emilion from my local Co-Op recently, Chateau Graves de Rabion 2020. Cost £15. It's obviously near the bottom of the ladder for that region but for the price and region was great value. Unfortunately the "great" Bordeaux's are just way too pricey for day to day drinking.
  6. @MrPierrePhilippe [1 likes]: Not many people have a basement suitable to age bottles nowadays. The chateaux should keep rhe wines until ready to drink, and sell at a reasonable price (bybassing overspeculation), and promote their wines and wine drinking habits in rhe general public. Cut the excess of midlemen. I buy about 12 bottles of Bordeaux a year: 2nd, 3rd grows, and second wines from great (too expensive) estates. The gap in price between  1st + superseconds (A and B in st-Émilion), and 2nd grows ( GCC in st-Émilion) is too large. To make the great names affordable ($500 max) would bring back the interest of the new generations. The grands vins remain the reference, the wines, people need to experiment, to get hooked, and then try to find better Q/P of their tastes at more accessible prices.
  7. @cantbendknee [1 likes]: Have Tom Gilbey on. In the UK I have been getting adverts telling me to drink more Californian wine.
  8. @WineUnfiltered-j4u [1 likes]: Really great chat!
  9. @fastmph [1 likes]: I’ve been learning about, buying, and enjoying mostly old-world wines for decades. I never sought out Bordeaux because for me, it never lives up to the hype. There are much better wines out there, IMO.
  10. @LauraFVC [1 likes]: Thanks for asking the controversial question about riper fruit flavours. I'm one of those consumers who sees nothing wrong with prune flavours and aromas, in fact I enjoy those the most 🍷
  11. @rogercollinge8764 [1 likes]: Great episode, as usual!  The En primeur system isn't completely broken.  Consumers just have to do their homework.  I recently purchased Chateau Laroque 2023 futures for < $32/bottle, which is an incredible wine and value.
  12. @isabellamacaione7687 [1 likes]: Can you review La Tache? Jokes aside great episode! Love your content ❤
  13. @richardlawton1023 [1 likes]: My favorite  is Chateau Lynch Bages
  14. @Braithy-p7l [1 likes]: Many more premium producers jumped on the China exports bandwagon, selling their wines at inflated prices even by their standards. Now habits are changing in China and Bordeaux is left wondering what happened. Greed got the better of them.
  15. @luigibordeaux: Check out 27:41  'Cheval Blanc' is not at all on top of the Saint Emilion plateau. Maybe he meant 'Ausone'.
  16. @MartinM-e6n: Wine will not go away. Don’t say that
  17. @teresaintrepid7632: What a great interview! I always learn so much when you have these conversations with wine experts. Thank you!
  18. @manijj4j52: True indeed ! Turn to the younger generation wine drinkers ! 2018 I bought 10 different types wines  from Bordeaux and sold out quickly it to younger Gen Z generations and made double profits ! Younger Gen Z don’t mind the amount to be honest!
  19. @dave7mm083: First time I watched 1 of your podcasts. I always watch your wine channel. Very interesting topic and guest. Your questions were very good even for someone not that exposed to the industry. Nice work; good on you!
  20. @cmiksee1932: It won’t recover. The French brand is in need of repair.

- How Some Wine Became Too Valuable to Drink | Red Obsession: Kind: captions Language: en for centuries Bordeaux has commanded an almost mythical status in the world of wine beguiling Kings Emperors and dictators alike while its survival is dependent on the capricious nature of weather its Prosperity has always been tied to the shifting fortunes of global economies as powerful nations rise and fall so does the fate of this place [Music] each year in early spring the bordo wine producers host an event called on premier here like the catwalk at Milan the new Season's wines are paraded before the most powerful and influential journalists and critics in the wine World offering a wine on PR which basically means you are offering a wine which is not yet bottled not yet ready means you are selling a piece of excitement of anticipations of magic and there must be some some Heap and hope uh around these so clearly it's part of the part of the deal and that's why bordo is so famous around the world because bordo is is very good at creating that excitement to to actually serve the white wine after the red wine um with a 2009 vintage the hype matched the quality of the wines uh this time around we've gotten awful lot of hype I wonder whether the wines will actually deliver and proof of course will be in the pudding but behind all the excitement about the 2010 vintage is the commercial reality that on Premier is all about business in the past 10 years prices of the top Bordeaux wires have risen by more than 1,000% as the price of these wines continues to escalate the inevitable has happened they've become too valuable to drink 15 years ago when I started the company and I said that at some point in the future within 25 years half of all the top wines bought will will be bought for investment and people laughed at me now you go and look at all the traditional wine companies and they all got investment teams paying on those close to four grand you're having a lot Omer is a calculated investment you're buying essentially the wine because you think you're buying it you're getting it cheaper now and you're taking a credit risk and a price risk on the future but essentially an on promer purchase is is is an investment purchase and once you understand that then you start treating it slightly differently didn't he say he's got a few million he got to sell today a couple million yeah it's coming on the market I'll give him a call find out give him a call find out because those guys have got a deadline that stuff so he's got 3 to 5 million he's got to sell it wine has outperformed the stock markets all the major markets the Dow Jones the footsie gold all these markets since 1982 these extraordin Rises have put significant pressure on traditional markets bordeaux's most important customer of the last 30 years already battered by the global financial crisis is bowing out the Americans are not going to be buying anything from 2010 um they didn't buy anything in 09 uh a few people will buy but it's uh America's uh used to be the biggest Market in the world for these wines and it's not anymore the prices are just too high they priced themselves out out of the market uh there's nothing um you know left to say about that internationally renowned critic Robert Parker scores perfect 100s for the top wires but warns the chatau that they should drop their prices this year or suffer the consequences of an overheated Market if you're pushing your prices up and you're pushing your clients to pay more for the wines uh that they've been buying for years and years and years you'll really run the risk of completely and utterly divorcing your traditional markets ignoring Parker's warning the major chats immediately raised the prices of the 2010 vintage to an all-time high as much as 40% up on the record 2009 vintage but the risk they are taking is a calculated one with one superpower having fallen away they are now turning their attention to another

  Top Comments:
  1. @jorgelopez9620 [4 likes]: Verry nice, great editing, tempo, music and voice over. Some beautiful shots
  2. @ZDubsMGS [4 likes]: People paying insane amounts of money for wine, especially in China and I'm just sitting here drinking high quality craft beer from places like Hill Farmstead for way less money that is just as complex. Absolutely hilarious.
  3. @InvestOrama [4 likes]: great documentary, who makes your videos?
  4. @fredlabosch5164 [1 likes]: A 5 minutes video barely scratching the surface of the topic, that has given me the impression that I've just watched the intro of what was  presumably supposed to be a 90 minute documentary.
Thumbs down!!!
  5. @kidcharlemagne1427: is this russel crowe narating?

- The Wine Lover's Guide to a PERFECT Day in BORDEAUX: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today we are in Bordeaux and this is my birthday yes today we are in Bordeaux one of the most famous and prestigious wine regions in the world responsible for some of the finest and age-worthy wines out there it also happens to be my birthday so let's make this day special a perfect day in Bordeaux for a wine lover it is pretty obvious that visiting at winery is a Mustang in Bordeaux there are so many great wineries to choose from there are so many great wineries to choose from and I will visit satola tour satola tour is one of the four chateaus originally included in the famous 1855 meta classification hierarchy and has remained one of the most sought after wines of Bordeaux in fact in the world it is located in puyak and it takes around an hour to drive from Bordeaux City until very recently Bordeaux states were actually not that easy to visit and even today names like chateola tour definitely require a prior appointment we started our visit with a Walk Through The Vineyards the majority of which are planted with carbonized Sauvignon then we visited the cellar rooms followed by what is probably the most important area the wine storage you see the majority of top Bordeaux States sell their wines on Premiere through Place de Bordeaux on Premiere means that the wine is sold before it is even bottled this means that you pay for your wine but the Chateau is still in the process of making or finishing wine if you will later has made the decision to no longer use the on-premier system and will only sell the wine when they confirm that it is ready and this means that storage space is needed what was particularly interesting for me was seeing the process of each bottle being checked wrapped and packaged for delivery as this is rarely shown to visitors lastly and for some one of the most exciting Parts tasting the currently released wines that we tasted react the chateola tour 2018 Le Ford De La Tour 2017 and Grand one itself 2015 vintage Cabernet Sauvignon dominates in all of these wines however its percentage decreases with the second and third labels the structure and depth were present throughout these wines shotola tour did show the energy and tension to be aged for decades in the cellar but I didn't see any reason why it wouldn't give enormous pleasure if opened right now as well the city of Bordeaux is very dear to me and I fell in love with it when I first visited it 15 years ago in some ways I think Bordeaux is more French than actually City of Paris whenever I travel I always try to go to a market to catch the local atmosphere and taste Local Foods and Bordeaux happens to have a great market so let's go Marche de capusan is the largest market in Bordeaux and has been operating since the middle of the 18th century time is limited today therefore I must pass on all the fresh seafood that is offered here well maybe just boiled prawns for lunch as I mentioned before I absolutely must visit markets when I travel and that is one of my life's greatest dilemmas when I travel I want to enjoy the local restaurants but I also want to buy produce at the market and cook it myself some creamy cheese when in France you must eat cheese and oysters it is not exactly oyster season but Bordeaux is the right place to get them and they're so sweet to give you to taste them before you buy and she is a real pro at opening them there were no oyster shells in it quick and easy like a boss I think I have bought again to match how I will eat all of that now I am driving to Dune to pilat which is located in the Artesian Bay not far away from Bordeaux City it is the largest sand dune in Europe and I highly recommend visiting it if you are in the region all the pictures and descriptions cannot grasp the Magnificent and grandiosity that is this formation of nature quite a lot of people here although I came on a weekday The Climb is not that hard if you take the stairs if you feel more adventurous just like all the kids here you can try climbing up yourself just make sure to take everything from the car because if you forget something returning to car and climbing back again might be an unmotivating event now let's find a nice spot for the picnic this is one of the rare moments when we are actually enjoying ourselves and not working I don't know and if it is a sunny day it's highly advisable to bring sunscreen and once you have enjoyed the moment and you're ready to leave make sure to take everything with you including trash and any garbage thank you Bordeaux has a vibrant food scene that attracts both locals and tourists and here we have more than few thousand restaurants from small trendy gastropubs to Michelin star restaurants so something for everyone I want to note that nothing in this video has been done as a promotion including the restaurant which I chose because it had good reviews it was my celebration so I was checking their champagne options and they happened to have one of my favorite grower Champagnes La Mania Bernie and their wine pera de vartos which is actually highly allocated and quite difficult to acquire girls later told me that this was their last bottle lucky me it was indeed a perfect day in Bordeaux but please be advised Bordeaux is one of the largest cities in France and that naturally comes with traffic jams so if you want to manage all this in one day plan accordingly and start your day early but you can also stretch your stay over several days and enjoy these attractions in a more relaxed manner bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @GAIUSIndustrial [2 likes]: good for wine tourism.
  2. @tonyritter3795 [1 likes]: My wife and I visited Bordeaux 2yrs ago in October and loved it! I would go there again before Paris. Also enjoyed all the wonderful restaurants. We did lunch at the Michilen restaurant you visited and it was amazing. Enjoying your videos.
  3. @albertosparrow [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, another great video. I am planning my trip to Bordeaux. My first ask was Latour but they do not take direct visits. Any suggestions?
  4. @willyegli9290 [1 likes]: A perfect day🇨🇵 a perfect wine🍷 congratulations🥂
  5. @sarahmatley2525 [1 likes]: Can you advise how I can organise a private tour for two people collectors of the best wines to tour these top chateau?
  6. @michelechrisgander1436 [1 likes]: ❤ Merci!
  7. @Huynhbeat [1 likes]: Happy Birthday! Too late because I've just watched it  ^^
  8. @robertomangioni9272 [1 likes]: wine on the beach?
  9. @alessandrogiovannini-papar3592 [1 likes]: Happy Bday IN France ....next we wait you in South Australia
  10. @NoJobNoBoat [1 likes]: Have I just seen a woman eating a rare steak? Well then, I'm off to Latvia!  Wish me luck.
  11. @ariellanda3980 [1 likes]: Happy Birthday! Great video with amazing recommendations and editing. Thank you
  12. @derekcontreras7494 [1 likes]: Looks like you had a phenomenal birthday thanks for sharing. I really enjoy this series of videos. Happy belated birthday.🎉
  13. @meat_loves_wasabi [1 likes]: Lovely...planning a year end trip to San Sebastian and Bordeaux
  14. @valeriacgm [1 likes]: si que le sacó jugo a la región! Se me hace que no iba en carro, si no en helicoptero a todos lados. Como va a visitar todo eso en un día? Se teletransportaba? A parte de eso, padrisimo video :)
  15. @golgumbazguide...4113 [1 likes]: Explore Golgumbaz with Guide jahangir, South Indian
  16. @paulwhitehead1190 [1 likes]: Happy birthday Agnese!!!!
What a great day.. brilliant video ❤
  17. @kwokpsalex [1 likes]: Happy birthday
  18. @ptg01 [1 likes]: Awesome !  I remember visiting Latour back in the late 90's and to this day, I still remember it like it was yesterday !
  19. @franklinguerrero4731: I am checking the restaurant tonight. Great video!
  20. @CarlosSanchez-yw6ny: She is way to close to that steering wheel.

- France's Bordeaux & Dordogne: Vineyards, Castles And Rivers  | TRACKS: Kind: captions Language: en there's a way to make an entrance my destiny it was now a conspiracy of witches download veli today smart travels is a grand tour of the old world the people places sights and distinctly european flavors our host is travel writer and columnist rudy baxa public radio's original savvy traveler now tips trips and secret places on smart travels [Music] for centuries france and england battled fiercely over this prime piece of real estate and small wonder from its fields and forests come mushrooms truffles foie gras and of course its celebrated bordeaux wines of castles rise out of the countryside perfectly preserved villages sit atop bluffs along enchanting rivers and deep in the limestone cliffs are the artistic treasures of prehistoric man the rivers jordana and lot are no secret in france but their magic is only just being discovered by outsiders we'll wind our way along two principal rivers the dardanya and lot taking in castles caves and villages and the famous cuisine then we'll head for bordeaux and wine country the dradonia and lot rivers offer the quintessential french experience here you can stay in a castle paddle a canoe down quiet rivers or experience the best in french cuisine this is a place to savor slowly a place to soothe the soul the dordogna is the longest french river flowing from the central plateau to the atlantic ocean some of france's most beautiful villages and castles cling to its shores the lot and cele rivers just south of the dardana wind through limestone cliffs before leveling off toward the sea the area is less well known than the dardogna more secretive and secluded this peaceful region echoes with a long turbulent history the vast number of castles and fortified towns date mainly from the 14th century the period of the hundred years war between france and england the english claimed french land because of marriages and inheritance rights that dated back to the norman conquest of england in 1066 the town of dom high on its perch above the river is a fortified town known as a basteed during the hundred years war both the french and english built bastid towns to defend their claims on the region in order to lure residents to build and defend these strongholds the reigning nobility promised freedom for military service land outside the walls to farm and the right to sell produce at the local market the streets of jordania towns are filled with shops selling the local delicacy foie gras goose or duck liver pate especially that dates back to the ancient egyptians the medieval town of sarlaw with its golden sandstone buildings serves frequently as the set for historical movies and it's easy to see why every nook and cranny of this town is picturesque here too shop selling regional specialties such as foie gras and truffles abound perigord is one of the few regions in the world where the elusive truffle can be found truffles are often called black gold for a reason they cost more per ounce than gold does sarlaw was virtually destroyed in the hundred years war but it was rebuilt in the 15th century and beautifully restored in the 1960s the day i visited the streets sang with the music of paris londra a duo who moved to sarlaw from paris and fell in love with the dordanya region so [Applause] the abundance of fresh ingredients in paragur creates its world-famous cuisine one fun way to see the region and learn about the food is to enroll in a cooking school some offer lessons only others combine cooking with a tour of the region the cooking school at lacombe offers week-long programs with guest chefs their prestigious instructors include barbara poole fenzel a paris trained chef and frequent contributor to bon appetit magazine now what you want to do is turn it only at you want to make sure it moves and you want to turn it at a 45 degree angle so it stays in the circle so that's the secret to keeping in a circle it's turning at 45 degrees most people think they turn at 90 and then they end up getting a square huh but if you want a square you do nothing that's right all classes are taught in english and accommodations are provided in the country manor at lacombe just west of the town of sarlaa here's our tomatoes around the outside put that in the oven this is our preheated oven today's class features a tomato and rockford tart cook for about 30 minutes this is what it will look like once it's baked and then set beautiful i can't wait to taste it lacombe is not far from the famed vaser valley nicknamed the valley de l'homme or the valley of man for the prehistoric cave dwellings discovered here a stop in the museum of pre-history in the town of leis aziz arms a visitor with information about our paleolithic ancestors in 1868 skeletal remains were discovered in this area and named for the cave where they were found cro-magnon they were 30 000 years old cro-magnon man mastered the art of making tools from bone and stone the museum displays both cave carvings and the tools used to create them the most fascinating way to experience cave art is to tour one of the many grottos open to the public some are tiny others have electric trains that wind deep into the bowels of the earth let's go one of the most famous is permanently closed but this perfect replica makes for a dramatic visit lasko was discovered in 1948 by a group of boys looking for their lost dog the boys tumbled down into a magical world of bison reindeer mammoths bears and wild cats painted a mind-boggling seventeen thousand years ago but the humidity created by all the visitors began to ruin the paintings and lasko was closed in 1963. an identical replica lasco 2 was carefully created using the same paints and methods that the cave dwellers used many of the animals seem pregnant the paintings may have played a part in fertility rituals a perfectly delightful way to get to know the area is on foot trails wind through the region from the river's edge to bluff top villages and if you're wandering through a farmer's field or around a bend in the river don't be surprised if a castle suddenly comes into view there are castles everywhere you turn in fact this area of france has more castles than the loire valley many from large fortresses to family chateau are open to the public the imposing red ironstone chateau castelno brettanu is an extraordinary example of a medieval fortress during the hundred years war castles in the dordogna changed hands often as the french and english battled for possession of the land many of the dadonia chateau fell into ruin and were saved by wealthy owners who restored them singer and dancer josephine baker purchased the fairy tale castle of les milan in 1947 and today it's a museum dedicated to her life baker found her fame and fortune in france not her native america where racism kept her from being a star in 1920 she took her routine dance savage to paris where she performed in nothing but feathers her wild exotic powerful performances pulled the french over by 1927 she earned more than any entertainer in europe after world war ii baker received the legion of honor for helping the french resistance in 1938 baker adopted 12 children of different nationalities and lived here until she went bankrupt in the 1960s wandering along the trails in the region i happened upon an ancient water mill on a little tributary of the dradonia river the mill at cunyane dates from the 14th century used to grind grain into flour these mills could turn around three tons of grain a day in the middle ages the miller ranked high in society and was often one of the wealthier people in town cunyane milled flower commercially until travel another two kilometers from the water mill on one of the region's many hiking trails and the pilgrimage town of rockamador looms high on a rock ledge rockamador's fame began in 1166 when a well-preserved body was uncovered in a rock tomb the body was declared to be that of zacchaeus a tax collector mentioned in the bible whom jesus converted ever since the discovery raquemador has been a magnet for pilgrims and tourists alike many of the kings of france came here to pray and climb on their knees the 260 steps to the sanctuary inside the shrine the 12th century black madonna statue is a curious blend of christian egyptian and islamic influences you don't have to have fame and fortune to live like royalty many of the region's castles now house hotels you can turn back the clock and live like a king i'm relaxing at the medieval castle the chateau de vigier du wa in the town of fijak it's one thing to tour a chateau and quite another to experience staying there the chef at the hotel's gourmet restaurant has a little truffle treat for dinner tonight this simple recipe of eggs and truffles cooked in butter lets the deep earthy truffle flavor stand out oh the town of fijak prospered in the 11th and 12th centuries as pilgrims passed through on their way to rockamador or spain the people of fijak were given permission to mint their own money as incentive to live here and defend the town jean francois champlyon the linguist who deciphered the rosetta stone was born in and the place des akritour is paved with a replica of the egyptian stone fishac is located on the sele river south of the dordogna the cele and lot rivers make a lovely loop to explore by car or by boat boating opportunities abound on all these rivers you can rent canoes kayaks or in some places houseboats for an excursion in the middle ages these rivers were trade routes and the castles abbeys and towns stood careful watch over the passers-by you can still do as the merchants did and dock in a small town like marsilak sur soleil for rest and refreshments of the town inn one of the loveliest towns along the lott river is clifftop san cirque la poupee try to catch sanserk early in the day or late in the evening to avoid the crowds who come to marvel at the perfectly preserved stone town the entire town is a classified historical monument the french value their heritage and their fine food to preserve both the government gives large agricultural subsidies so that small family farms and therefore small towns can continue to exist and even thrive a side benefit is that city dwellers can vacation here and sample the best of their country's regional beauty and cuisine the downside for residents is that any repair however minor has to be approved by the ministry of beau's arts well here's to the french for their discerning taste you know i think i might retire right here if it weren't for a certain wine made nearby bordeaux the wine in the city lure me away from the dordogna bordeaux made its fortune through trade and its fine wine the main sightseeing is contained in the historic cartier san pierre here the wealth accumulated from trade manifests in elegant buildings eleanor of aquitaine's marriage to henry ii gave the english claim to the land and access to bordeaux and its red wines which they called claret when just a teenager eleanor married her first husband the future king louis vii of france in the cathedral andre in after joining him on a crusade to palestine and rumors of her infidelities there the two divorced and she chose the king of england for her next husband there are plenty of hotels to choose from in bordeaux the hotel bertie gallia is a modern elegant property in the heart of the city like many fine french hotels this restaurant serves great regional cuisine like this fresh bordeaux seafood bordeaux the very name evokes a fine sophisticated red wine that costs a bundle but bordeaux can be red or white young or old wildly expensive or quite reasonable and the place to get wine savvy is bordeaux's maison duvet okay so what you have the wine council in bordeaux offers everything from a two-hour wine tasting course to two-day classes to extensive courses and tours of vineyards they are all offered in english understand that when it comes to wine tasting it is very very simple all right in this short introductory class instructor dewey markham demystifies wine tasting in a truly entertaining way you have someone who is going on and on and on about this wine they have in their glass oh yes well i i smell a bit of uh there are rose hips in here and i smell a bit of russian leather coming in at the end here and you're standing there next to this guy with the same wine in your glass and listening to this smells like wine to me i don't know what's going on okay understand also identifying the age of wine by its color allowing your senses to remember smells and teaching the palette to recognize good wine are just some of the tips he imparts you have to concentrate on sweetness and acidity all right you don't want anything so sweet that it's clawing you want to drink a glass of water to just force it down your throat on the other hand you don't want anything so acidic that's like drinking the battery acid out of your car okay you want a good balance between those two elements the class is a perfect way for novices and experienced tasters alike to gear up for a trip to bordeaux country what you're really looking for is something that's going to go with food as well never forget that this is made to be drunk with food when setting out on a tasting adventure remember that most bordeaux chateau require reservations the wine bureau can help you choose and contact some or ask your wine shop at home for suggestions before you leave bordeaux wines vary according to region we'll sample wine from two different regions then tour a gorgeous medieval town santa milion there are three main grapes in any red bordeaux wine merlot and cabernet sauvignon with some cabernet franc added my friends alfred bonie and his son jean-jacques invited me to their chateau in the grav region known for its cabernet sauvignon vineyards this is not dirt here this is this is almost gravel it's like a construction site almost actually right and this is gravel and that's why this region is is called grav gra from gravel and chateau malartique lagraviere is one of only a few bordeaux estates that produces both red and white wrong crew wines the highest classification grapes have been growing here since roman times but it wasn't until 1997 when alfred bought the property and thoroughly modernized the wine making process that this bordeaux estate began to take off now many americans think well bordeauxs are too expensive to drink i won't understand them you have to be you know a wine uh connoisseur to enjoy them what do you say to an american who says that what i would say to them is that um actually the the the bordeaux wines are not that expensive that everybody thinks uh maybe a few first grand cru are very expensive i think what the bottles we are doing uh making are for drinking not for uh keeping or collecting it or investing or reselling and that's not the goal i don't want to do that i want to have the wine being drunken all over the world that's my aim in the malartique red wine i detected tobacco black currants and a touch of smoke really but don't take my word for it mal artique has stellar ratings among many wine experts for a different take on bordeaux we head north to the wine growing region of saint emilion set atop a hill and swimming in premier vineyards santa million lives and breathes wine the english fortified the town at the end of the 12th century after eleanor of aquitaine's marriage brought this land firmly under their control wine trade with the british in the 17th and 18th centuries made this peaceful golden town very prosperous the boats that sailed here from bristol used stones as ballast then returned to england with bottles of bordeaux wine the stones remained paved into sauna millions streets are granite and other rocks from whales and cornwall underneath the town a vast network of subterranean catacombs has been uncovered the catacombs hold the now empty tomb of a hermit monk emilion the town's namesake who lived here in a cave in 750 a.d the nice thing about bordeaux wine is it's available in almost any wine store in the world and if you've been here one sip will bring you back again the vineyards of chateau prasak are located on a limestone plateau owner jean-francois quenen recently acquired and renovated this 13th century each chateau persec vintage is a blend of different grapes from different vineyards but the merlot grape dominates here in the san emilion region so generally the melo gives the fruit and the cabinets give the structure and the acidity so according to the earth the vintages the blend could be slightly different it was at this very chateau that the treaty was signed that finally put an end to the hundred years war alongside gentle rivers against a backdrop of dramatic castles and sweet countryside the visitor to the dordogna lot and bordeaux regions discovers a peaceful traditional way of life that's persisted for centuries time has been kind to this part of france leaving the riches of the past and adding the comforts in the wealth of the present a trip to the regions of dardonia and bordeaux is an unforgettable journey deep into the very heart of france ah now this is the life prehistoric man really knew what he was doing when he picked this spot 30 000 years ago here's to many thousands more sante

  Top Comments:
  1. @rext8949 [6 likes]: This is an incredible way of life - absolutely exquisite and enchanting. Pretty villages, meandering rivers and towering castles. And to top it off you can eat and drink to your hearts content like a connoisseur.
  2. @dmyt-fr [5 likes]: Nice video. Just one correction, the Dordogne isn't the longest River in France, it's only the 6th longest (483km). The Loire is twice as long (1012km).
Dewey Markham unexpectedly died in November 2021.
  3. @reelhappytravellers2691 [2 likes]: Some people look for a beautiful place, others make a place beautiful.
This is how we feel watching your wonderful video....thanks for sharing dear!!!!
  4. @willowhome [2 likes]: Do someone know what year was this  filmed?
  5. @sissytincker5178 [2 likes]: Beautiful for sure & have a drink....wot more do you need.????
  6. @ryanroyo3419 [2 likes]: Wow
  7. @peterxd3610 [1 likes]: what happened to their adopted children when she went bankrupt?
  8. @JonniePolyester: The main contention which kicked off the 100 years war was Edward III King of England’s claim to the French throne via his mother - this was prevented under French Salic Law .. hence the war rekindled in 1415 by Henry V. Prior to this was Aquitaine which Henry II acquired through his marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine although he was King of England he was French ( Anjou ) and had inherited major French lands from his father Geoff Plantagenet.
  9. @Potencyfunction: The city looks pitoresque but the vine is matter of individual taste.
  10. @ragarse3: Fab video marred by over dub on the sound - utterly distracting.
  11. @gottuso: Dewey Markham...a name I shall remember!  Thanks Rudy....so much better than....Stev.............
  12. @alexthomson7465: Missed out Bergerac 😭
  13. @LuvThyMind29: What is the castle at 9:41?
  14. @skullandbones1832: 🤍
  15. @mubashirkarim7039: Beautiful and worth watching documentary💞💞💞💞
Thank you for making these splendid documentaries💞💞💞

- Wine Collecting 101: How to Manage Your Wine Collection (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en lately i've been getting a lot of questions from people about seller management software specifically what are the pros and cons and also which seller management software that i use personally to manage my own collection and so today i'm going to be drilling down into detail regarding each of those items first regardless of which particular software that you use i've found that seller management software is useful for at least three reasons first it helps you keep track of your wine inventory after you've been collecting for a while it becomes essential for you to have some sort of tool in order to manage your inventory otherwise it quickly becomes unwieldy to determine which particular producers that you have which vintages you have the number of bottles remaining and so forth seller management software is also very useful to help you keep track of your costs or the amount of money that you've spent online this can be useful if you have a budget that you're trying to stick to for example or if you need to keep track of the amount that you spend on wine for tax purposes either way you can quickly run reports that will show you how much you've spent for a particular time period such as a quarter or for a particular year for those of you with wine insurance it's definitely very useful because it can help the insurance carrier confirm your inventory when you go to purchase the policy and it can also be very very useful when you go to make a claim if that should happen now all those benefits largely apply to most seller management software on the market i've been using seller tracker for probably 10 years or so now there's a number of reasons why i use seller tracker first it has an extensive library of wines and so it's very very easy to input the wines because most of them are already populated in the system it also has a very helpful scanning feature where you can take a picture of the upc symbol and then the wine will come up without you having to input it that helps to expedite the input which can be especially time consuming it also has a significant amount of integrated wine reviews and tasting notes that can be very useful and while i don't rely on these for purchasing decisions typically i do find it useful for at least two or three reasons first when i go to open a wine i'll have a particular idea about how long i'd want to decant that wine or whether it should be decanted at all however i'll oftentimes look the wine up especially if i'm unsure or haven't had the wine recently just to see what other users have experienced with respect to that line on multiple occasions i've had situations where multiple people have written consistent tasting notes that a particular wine was not ready to drink yet or that it needs at least a two or three hour decant in that instance i'll plan accordingly and make sure that i open the wine well in advance or possibly even pick something else if i don't have time to wait that long occasionally when i'm going to purchase wine i will also look the wine up and see what the tasting notes and experiences are like recently especially with an older vintage this helps you determine if the wine may be past peak for example with a lot of off vintage bordeaux well you'll sometimes get good deals on those or the opportunity to purchase those at prices that initially seem to be fairly competitive however if you look the lineup and many people are saying that the wine is definitely past peak then you may want to pass on that wine another feature that i find very useful is the recommended drinking windows in seller tracker after you input your wine and seller tracker the wine will have a recommended drinking window and it will allow you to run a report that states time to drink up and then it will list those wines in the order in which they should be consumed i don't typically always agree with this drinking window it does allow you to modify it so i'll sometimes do that to give it more time because i tend to prefer my wines with more age on them but nevertheless i do feel that it's a useful default in starting point for a lot of wines it also allows you to run reports according to the region grape variety or vintage and this is oftentimes useful if you're going to be going to a themed tasting and you need to decide whether to purchase a bottle or whether you have something in your collection you can quickly run a search and determine if you have something for that particular vintage grape variety or region it also allows you to segregate your wine by storage location so if you have some wine at home and some at your off-site storage facility you can input those things into your management software and then see what you have at either location and while seller tracker is available on a website i typically found that it's useful to use a mobile application rather than the website however i don't necessarily care for the seller tracker mobile application so what i found is that the corks mobile application is actually more effective and more user-friendly and so i generally use that that does require a one-time payment of two dollars up front but i found that it's well worth it and it's a lot more user-friendly the good thing about quarkx is even though it's not seller tracker itself it's fully compatible with seller tracker and so you get the same advantages in terms of being able to have access to those tasting notes in the extensive wide library that i discussed earlier in my experience the mobile application is better than the website because it's very helpful when you're on the go if you're at your off-site facility enjoying some wine for example you can remove it from your inventory right after you consume the bottle and that way you won't forget to do so when you get home later likewise if you get presented with an offer to purchase wine by email and you need to make a quick decision you can quickly check your inventory to see whether or not you already have that line and if so how many bottles you may have that way even when you're on the go you can get the information that you need to make a purchasing decision right at your fingertips so what do you think about seller management software do you find it effective and if so which seller management software do you use please let me know in the comments below depending on the responses i get i may either do a follow-up video or write an instagram post about it in the future thanks so much until then drink well

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nutritionicity [5 likes]: Terrific video, John! Not only is it extremely helpful for the seasoned collector, but also someone like myself who simply has a smaller cellar inventory to keep track of. Large or small, a collection of wine is dynamic. I am often challenged to remember which wines I currently have vs. those I have already enjoyed, or how many bottles of a particular wine remain. You provided some very useful solutions for my personal challenges and those of larger scale collectors! Very much appreciate you taking the time to share this information!
  2. @domenictalese1099 [2 likes]: John, Great video.  Do you have any content on how you suggest labeling your bottles or bottle locations and tracking that in cellar tracker.  i also use cellar tracker but haven't started tracking location, but my collection is growing and is now becoming an issue.  would love to see how you achieve this.  Thanks.
  3. @edmaryellenkmiec9171 [2 likes]: Hi John.  I use an Excel spreadsheet to manage my wine collection.  Every bottle is assigned to a specific space making it very easy to locate a bottle.  And Excel's pivot table tool allows me to display my collection any number of ways.  Easy and cheap.
  4. @cookandrideflorida [2 likes]: Another good video.  I’ve been using CT for a few years and have found the drinking windows are helpful.  My small collection is geared towards having something on hand to pair with whatever we’re having for dinner and most of the wines have recommendations available.  Since my wife rarely drinks more than 1/2 a glass I’m “forced” to finish the bottle all by myself.  It’s a tough job but someone has to do it. 😁
  5. @megahungster [2 likes]: I checked on various review on Corkz and they said it's not working well (with no updates, bad connections, etc). Is it working well with you?
  6. @Winelover1004 [2 likes]: Good to know 👍👍
  7. @neseturan629 [2 likes]: This is an excellent video, John! Very good, everything clearly explained. Thank you once again for sharing your expertise with us! Cheers!
  8. @danielplainview4778 [2 likes]: Good video, CT really seems to be the only game in town. I personally do not know a single wine collector not using it. Funny you mentioned the drinking windows, I’ve found that they are almost always way too conservative for my tastes. Also the aggregate “score” often seems somewhat useless, everything seems to be ranked 89-94… I think the key is to find some critics and users who have the same tastes as you and just follow them, ignore the rest
  9. @wren460 [1 likes]: Excellent video John !  I have been a member of CT for more than a decade and what is very useful to me is to find users that have similar preferences that mine. For example , I enjoy very much Napa , Australia,  Argentina wines and I don´t enjoy a lot Northern Rhone , and mostly all Italian wines. So, when I am looking for wines I will look for people that enjoy the kind of wines I enjoy an voila !   Imagine a fan of Burgundy placing a note about a Mollydooker wine !!!  Wine is like food, there are so many options and there is no good or bad, it depends totally on your preference. Saludos desde México !
  10. @ManuelAlaniz-b1u [1 likes]: Is the corks app discontinued?  That you know of? 

Thank you
  11. @SanjayPatel-di3qk [1 likes]: How about invintroy software?
  12. @thecanuck11 [1 likes]: Just installed the Cellar Tracker app. Thanks for the recommendation. It does indeed have an extensive wine library.
  13. @jcre2000 [1 likes]: It would have been nice to have the links to the software you are talking about
  14. @kenmcdonaldii3887 [1 likes]: Fantastic videos! Thank you for sharing. I was wondering if the software has the ability to input a location of a specific bottle within your cellar?
  15. @BelgianGurista [1 likes]: Hi, I'm sub number 666 👹. Devilish wine channel you got going on here. Thx for all the info.
  16. @relaxmeditatechill3323 [1 likes]: Good morning John. Another great post. You said something that caught my attention, you spoke about Wine insurance.  Do you personally recommend a Company thanks?
  17. @sip.savor.sights [1 likes]: I really appreciate all that information managed into this video, John! It was very informative, professional and helpful! Enjoyed it very much and learnt a lot from you! Thank you! Cheers!
  18. @arturovera4932 [1 likes]: User comments at the Corkz app page on the App Store say it’s not longer supported and ratings are only 2.5 out of 5.0…so?

- How to Start a Wine Collection: Expert Guide for Beginners 🍷: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, welcome. I'm John and you're starting to think about getting that wine collection [Music] going. So, maybe you've had a few special bottles. You're intrigued by the idea of investing in wine. Whatever the current thinking, let's talk about how to start collecting wine the right way. avoid all the mistakes I made and let's learn from everybody who came before you. Okay. So, I've been doing this for a number of years and yeah, I've taken formal wine classes and I've taken certifications, stuff like that. But no, I'm not a Somier. I'm just a lawyer. I'm an investor. I just like wine a lot. Today, let's talk about results of my experience. Talk about my advice how to do this the right way. Before we get into the how, let's talk about the why. So people collect wines for a variety of reasons. They like to enjoy fine wines at their peak maturity, investment purposes, always have that perfect bottle for a special occasion, to explore and learn about wine, and just for the joy of having a collection. And so your why is going to help determine your strategy, your budget, your storage needs. But let me give you a hint as to what shouldn't be your primary why for investment purposes. So, I remember as a young kid growing up, I would have this baseball card collection, and I would love to buy and sell baseball cards and flip them. And that act was the main part of the collection for me. It was the excitement. Now, the problem with wine is that it takes so long to accumulate and for it starting to age and to hit the market correctly that ultimately that shouldn't be your number one goal. So, if your point is to purchase one to get involved in the marketplace, probably not the best idea. But the good news is if you buy it well, generally it'll go up in value. And although there's been a recent downturn, for the most part, rich people like wine. People keep drinking it. And every time somebody drinks a bottle, there's less of that particular vintage and the value goes up. So in short, you're allowed to collect for investment purposes, but you really need to enjoy drinking the wine. And that really is the main point. That is, at least for me, the greatest source of joy. critical proper storage. Wine is a perishable good. Without proper storage, you're just wasting your money. So, a few things. Temperature about 55° F. Avoid fluctuations in temperature and never let that wine sit above 70°. Humidity, 70% is ideal. You don't want mold to grow, right? So, more than 90% doesn't work. Less than 50% the cork starts drying out. And so there are a lot of options. So you get a little refrigerator, you could build a home seller, or you get professional storage. But as a starting point, just get a good wine fridge. And as your collection grows, you'll find options in the professional um storage side, too. So little bit different buying strategies depending where you are looking. So for Napa Valley, those most sought after producers, you got to get on the mailing list. And so first I would just recommend you sign up for the following mailing list. Screaming Eagle, Harland Estate, Scarecrow, 100 Acre, Bryant Family, Kogan Bond. And what's important about these is you are not obligated to buy the wines, but they have multi-year weights sometimes. And so getting on is crucial. And you can always decline any allocation and sometimes you can just buy a starting offering. But getting on these lists as you're thinking about it is helpful just because at least you're in line. By the way, even if you're not expecting to kind of go pro and to buy things like that, it's easy enough just to decline the offer. Little different in France. So the European fine wine market works differently. So here we have in Premier futures in English basically you're buying it um through established merchants before it's actually in the bottle. So in Bordeaux, the wines are offered about 2 years before delivery. They work with their established merchants and the prices not always, but usually are advantageous to you. And you also know you're getting it directly from the winery. Perfect providence. You do need a trusted advisor as you get into these types of wines. Burgundy even trickier. Very relationshipdriven. There's much much smaller productions than Bordeaux, which is more, you know, of a of a mass- prodduced item. So, you've got to build your relationships, and you really really have to learn a lot about it, cuz they're also really expensive. So, let's talk about relationships. The first stop in your journey is your local wine shop. Just get to know them and they're going to get to know your pallet. They're going to hold special bottles for you. They're going to give you good advice and they are going to be the ones who are discovering new wines. They are drinking the most, right, of anybody. You also will have with larger merchants, you're going to have account uh managers. If you're a serious collector, you're going have access to certain allocated wine, early access to to buy, and then you'll have some portfolio advice. So, I recommend kind of a two-tier strategy. one, build a strong relationship with the local shop. And then second, start develop your connections with the larger merchants. All right, staying informed. There are critical information sources as you're going along. You're going to have your essential subscriptions. Here's a few. Okay, you have Berg Hound, which is Alan Meadows review of Burgundy. Um, this is essential in Burgundy. It's He's very conservative with his scoring, by the way, but he has really detailed producer profiles. is just the go-to wine advocate, which is Robert Parker, which is really strong for Bordeaux and California, Napa wines. They tend to have higher scores. Um, Vineas Antonio Gallen Galoney and they have all these maps and other analysis. He's really good with Italian wines. He also does Burgundy. Um, and then Wine Independent, which is the newest major publication. They don't have any advertising. Um, and it really is just another resource. So, you're going to be reading your vintage reports. You're going to be comparing multiple sources. You're going to be comparing the tasting notes even more than the scores. And then you're going to understand the scoring system for each of them. So, I read these all the time and I'm just kind of ingesting information about what people in the wine world are talking about, what critics who have kind of the same taste profile as as I have, what they have to say. But I'm just paying attention to the notes really more than the scores. I'm also learning about any changes the wine makers are making as time goes by. It might be something you're not going to see for a decade or by the time you taste the wine for 20 years. I'm just trying to get the most information. So, I'm able to put my money in the things that I want. Let's go back to the why. So, I'm assuming that you actually enjoy wine. And you're going to need to start drinking more. Not that way, but you're going to have to start tasting more. So, anytime there's an event out there, you need to go. You need to taste as many wines as possible. And the intention is developing your own taste and also to find out what you really like. So, I'm going to use Kan as an example. I tried a few of their wines, but never their flagship wine, which is Kan 9. It's written Kan EX in Roman numerals. But this is a bottle I would pay 600 bucks for. You'd probably get it for $750. If you go to a restaurant, it's probably $1,250 bottle of wine. So, and actually tried it, right? Cuz it's expensive. So, I decided to go to a high-end tasting. I had it against 100 Acre, a Screaming Eagle. And did I pay a fortune for this tasting? Of course, I did. But now that I know if I really want a high-end wine that I love that Kolgan 9. So, it's a very valuable wine. I know that I could sell it for more than I'm paying for it. But I also met some great people at the tasting. So, it just great. I even do business with one of them. So, those events are really, really important cuz you're developing your pallet, you're refining your tastes, you're discovering wines, you're even meeting some new friends along the way. So listen, starting your wine collection, it's more than a one-day event. It is about beginning modestly. Focus on getting your storage right and just start reading and learning. Start small. Think about the longer term and then focus on quality rather than just pure quantity. Build your relationships. Stay informed. Join those mailing lists. But most importantly, just make it fun. Make it part of your social life. Make it part of your dayto-day. And you'll see that you will start to enjoy so much more the act of collecting when it is both something social and both something that you enjoy. Along the way, you might actually make a few bucks,

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjo8500 [1 likes]: Great video and advice. I’m not a lawyer, just a retired professional who loves fine wine and especially its history. I collect with the goal to drink mature wines with friends and other wine enthusiasts. The advice I give people like me where money and space is a factor is to discover your palate. My palate is mostly Bordeaux and some red Burgundy so I stick to those. I love Champagne and Chablis, but I’m not going down that road. My point is, it’s easy to spread oneself too thin.
  2. @brantleyrider: Great video Jon! 🍷

- How to Start to Build Your Wine Collection | Regions and Wines to Focus On: Kind: captions Language: en and in this video we're going to go through my top two recommendations for uh starting out a wine collection [Music] welcome back to drinking it in um let's talk about building a wine cellar or a wine collection I get this question quite a bit from people how do I start building um you know a collection some people want to build something just purely for investment some people want to buy good wine that can age for a while and drink later on so my the the best advice that you know that I can give you is to buy uh top quality regions and top vintages so in Europe for example uh 2010 2016 and apparently 2019 are amazing vintages classic vintages that you can buy from really any producer and get great wine out of it so why not start there um what I would say is given that some of the prices of some of the regions in um certainly in France are really unattainable I tend to exclude them so burgundy like I said in my little short video a couple days ago I'm not buying any burgundy because it's just too expensive and if you want to um you know if you if you have those Deep Pockets go for it buy try to find try to find it first find some burgundy and then um then go buy it but um if you're not if you're like most of us and you don't have you know 400 a bottle to drop on wine I suggest you start in Italy um and the 2019 uh barolos are coming out now and I would start there and then as soon as you see probably some 2019 brunellos um you know get in on those buy them when they first first come out when they first release because that's about as cheap as they're going to be um barolo still it burro can be expensive don't get me wrong but you can get really good varollo for 35 to 60 dollars a bottle and that is going to be an amazing way for you to start your collection whether you're looking for appreciation or to drink later on so you know I kind of think back to when I was building uh building out a wine cellar or building out a wine collection you know I was in my corner of my garage so it wasn't a seller but you know and I did that the same thing this was about in 2008-ish I started the 2010 vintage came along and in Europe it was just uh it had a great uh reputation great projection so I went barolo I went Brunello I went uh shouting off the pop and um and even some wine from Spain so you know in the end let's do uh let's say you know start off with some brunellos again 2019 when they come out you still have some time but that's the next one to take a look at if he sees in 2016 on the shelves from a reputable uh retailer grab those um go barolo 2019 is the way to go um and uh but you know in this case this was a 2011 which was one of those things where I was like 2010 needs some time so we're gonna buy some 2011s and they're brilliant now if you're talking about trying to build um start a collection for wines that you're gonna drink um relatively I'll say relatively soon so about put maybe laying a bottle down for five years um I would suggest doing the little uh brother or sister of Brunello de Montalcino and going for the Russo de Montalcino from that 2019 vintage so I this is a 2020. it'll be featured soon on the channel but um apparently you're supposed to be drinking these while you let the 2008-2019's age um I actually had one as part of dinner um this weekend and it was just stunning so if that was it's a little taste of um you know what would you know it's going to be worthwhile coming up I would also encourage you to buy nebiolos all right so barolo is made from nebula grape but you can when you see nebiolo on the bottle um you know from from an Italian a reliable Italian producer like you know iliograsso or Gigi Vara um you can get the nebiolos and um and those things are going to be stunning in you know in in five years the other thing I would try to do is get I start building up um a collection of some of the up and coming regions in um that not necessarily up and coming regions that they don't people don't know of but people are recognizing our top quality wines so Grand Cru Beaujolais right we've talked about things uh wines from the morgone Appalachian the Flory appellation if you see those you know don't sleep on those that's another great place to start it's a great place to get some volume because those those wines can be pretty um pretty reasonable still um but if you you can um you can age those for 10 years and they're amazing so use that again to build for your drinking um wine collection and then last thing what I would represent represent Jesus um recommend is a is some wine from domain tempier the bondole uh appellation anything from these guys is you is amazing they do a great Rose um you can even buy that but I would stick to this their re their their um their red Flagship red if you will if uh you see any of these from that those those years 2016 2019 uh get your hands on those and um you know that'll be a really good start so that's a good start on or good uh picture of where to start on red wines if you're building a wine collection and um we'll probably hit up some white wines and sparkling in the same episode uh in the coming weeks because there are a lot there's a lot of possibilities on that side and I know everybody you know not everybody wants to drink red wine every day so I'll see you soon cheers guys foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @omalashevich [1 likes]: Buy 2 bottles keep one ☝️

- Bordeaux: The Don'ts of Visiting Bordeaux, France: Kind: captions Language: en hey there fellow Travelers Mark here with Walters world and today we're here in Bordeaux France you know Bordeaux you've heard of the wine right well today what we have for you are the don'ts of The Zing Bordeaux okay and my first dome for you and this is because Bordeaux is so synonymous with wine that sometimes people forget that there's more than just wine here in Bordeaux and that's why it's the first don't don't think that Bordeaux is Just Wine yes there's lots of Vineyards you can see and there's a city of wine you can go to and learn about life but for me it's the history of this city and the architecture all around that just makes it a fantastic place to visit the historic Center is a UNESCO world heritage site you can go see the cathedral you can climb up the tower outside to go get a great view of the downtown the gates around the city that were part of the old walls are fantastic to see some you can go up some have churches on the side some have museums buy them the museums that are here you can learn about the Aquitaine region when you're here the Museum of bull art for the art the Contemporary Art Museum which is literally just right over the there there's so much to see and do when you're here that it's not just about wine when you're here so don't think it's just wine which is why I think a lot of people might skip it but there's so much more to it than that so come see the museums see the city go down St Catherine's a shopping street enjoy off when you're here because this is a great place to visit and when you're walking around there's one place you don't want to skip out I'm going to say it this way don't worry about getting your feet wet when you go to La La ball so the place because they have What's called the water mirror or mirror of water and basically what it is is there's like a fountain water area that's right across from Plusle boss and what's great is it fills up with just a little bit of water and makes this beautiful beautiful reflection that you'll see tons of pictures on I'm sure if you look at if you're watching this on YouTube You'll see other videos about Bordeaux and I bet they have Placido boys at night with the lights on reflecting off the water it's really cool but don't worry about getting your feet wet take your shoes off and go through it kind of goes up every Cup every I don't know 20 minutes or so and the thing is when you do it it starts you know the water goes away and then this Mist comes up out of it and it's like an instagramer's dream you'll see people getting downloaded get that picture I mean I did the same thing our kids were running around and enjoying it was just really really cool and then the missed parts and you're standing there then you see water trickling out from underneath and then it starts filling up more and more and you're like wait I still have my shoes on if you gotta run out before it fill something get your shoes wet but don't worry about that take your shoes off and enjoy it and if it's in one of those hot summer days you can't get to the beach which is an hour away why not cool off a little bit there with the kids it is a really cool experience when you are here now the third donut I have for you is don't worry about accommodation when you're here on Bordeaux if you want to rent a whole house they have that if you want to get a chateau outside of town you can get that if you want to get an apartment for seven people like we did downtown you can get that they've got hotels they've got cheap accommodation there's accommodation for every budget for every size of group they have it all here and it's really great for tourist I didn't have to worry about finding a place because it was something for everybody which is awesome now my next stone for you when you come to Bordeaux is don't get in a hurry when you're here in Bordeaux especially when it deals with food and I know in general France doesn't have the the quickest service reputation kind of thing and here in Bordeaux it seems to be that we're farther south it slows down even more but don't worry because the food is fantastic the wine is fantastic and the people are fantastic like really really fantastic it's just that the service is a little slow because they're making that fantastic food for you so it's okay so make sure you don't get upset if it takes a while to get seated to get your menu to get your drinks ordered to get your drinks well actually they're pretty fast bringing your wine I'll give you I'll give them that one but just know you're gonna have to have some patience so take time if you're gonna go out for lunch realize it's going to take you some time okay so have that and and realize sometimes you want to go to some of these intricate places that their famous is for you might need to wait in line to get in to enjoy it okay so have some patience don't get in a hurry when you're here but don't worry you'll enjoy when you're not hurrying doing things now my next note for you I was trying to figure out the right way to say this I would say like don't forget to bring a bigger belt or don't forget to bring suspenders because you're going to eat so much you're going to expand your belt won't work anymore but I think I'm just gonna go for this don't skip the oysters look the food here in Bordeaux is fantastic I mean this could be the best Food City in France and that's a bold statement to make and it's earned its weight in its food I mean the gas Anatomy here is fantastic and yes the wine you will just fall in love with but for me the meats you have here this Seafood you'll have here the bordele sauce with the shallots and the wine and everything is just so good but the thing is with the real real thing that we've loved and Jocelyn wants me to make sure she tells you to have is half the oysters from here in Bordeaux they are just spectacular and you will eat so well in your hair here so don't ever worry about that and maybe don't forget the suspenders because the belt ain't gonna work anymore now my next dome for you has to do with all the wine and that is don't skip out on doing a wine tour when you're here now the thing is I know if you're a tourist you might only be here for a weekend that's okay they have day trips you can go see a bunch of wineries they have half day trips so you can go see like a couple Wineries and some of the historic towns and chateaus around the city you can do that the tourist information can even set them up for you so that's one of those things you don't want to miss out on and if you want to spend a couple weeks here you can spend a couple weeks visiting multiple Vineyards every day because there are hundreds of them when you are here now I do have another dome for you is if you are going to be visiting The Vineyards around here don't forget to call and make reservations because it's not one of these like just stroll up and walk in things usually you might have to you need to have the reservations because some of them don't take gas every day they might only have it like once or twice a week or something like that so do be ahead now another donut I have for you to deal with the wine is don't worry if you can't get to The Vineyards you can still learn about why when you're here the seat Duval which is right down the river that way take the beach Ram shoe goes right there really amazing modern museum that teaches you about the technical history of wine or how wine is produced you can learn anything and everything you've ever wanted to know and maybe not want to know about wine production there and then of course you can you know get some wine while you're there as well so there is that now my next done for you is don't forget to bring a good pair of walking shoes because the Bordeaux historic Center has got so much to see and so much to walk around and visit from gates to the churches to the cathedral there's all those things I talked about the beginning you can walk to all of them and the thing is they have St Catherine Street which is the largest or I should say longest pedestrian shopping street in Europe like when you look at it you're like oh my God is that the end like the kids didn't believe me I'm like no guys it's not a mirage this street really goes that far and you're gonna walk a lot and so your feet are gonna be your dog's gonna be barking your feet are going to be hurting if you don't bring some good shoes to walk around okay also it doesn't hurt to have some good walking shoes if you're going to go up the tower outside the cathedral for review because those 320 some steps yeah good shoes are vital okay now don't worry if you're not a big Walker I've got a dope for you here is don't skip out on using the buses or trams because the buses and trams there's a great public you know Transportation Network here in Bordeaux you can use the tram goes by quite often I mean it'll take you out to situ vong you can get there after there from there it'll get you to the Bordeaux Saint John the main train station it will take you there it will drop you off in the center you will easily get around where the trams don't go the buses will go which is awesome and kind of leaning off of that another donut I have for you is don't feel that you really have to get like the the Bordeaux pass or the Bordeaux Metro pull pass you know the they always the cities always have the past it gives you entries to a lot of museums and free public transportation I don't know if it's really worth the price for that because Bordeaux is so walkable and there's so much stuff to see that it might be easier just to buy your one ticket at the seat of on and back and do that then spay the price for the the tickets or the date passes or two day pass or three-day passes doing that okay so make sure you kind of add it up and see because you're going to be going to a lot of museums it could be worth it but the city itself is such a great museum you might not want to see as many museums you just want to take in the city and you don't necessarily need that pass now my next stone for you is don't forget about the river and the canal tourists look you can take a river cruise when you're here you can take Canal cruises that'll go to different venues when you're here so go speak to the tourist information to set one up or you can look them up online but it's a really fantastic thing I know Johnson is begging us to go in one of those Canal tours with to go to the vineyard so I think we're going to come back here for a couples trip just her and I maybe a couple friends to come here without the kids to do those but it is one of those things you can really enjoy because walking along the riverfront here you can take the boat cruises but have even if you can't do the boats or canals just walking along the river is gorgeous with the architecture here so you're going to win out if you don't even get on a boat now my next deal for you is don't forget to get out of the city and the thing is you don't just have to go to Vineyards you can go see chateaus that are out there throughout the area you can go to cinemilion which is a UNESCO world heritage site with the cobblestone streets the beautiful church I mean it's that gorgeous old world you know French Village kind of thing you can do that maybe you want to hit the beach and see you know the largest sand dune in Europe they have that about an hour away you can visit so don't just stay in Bordeaux get out and I do recommend renting a car so you can go see those things though public transportation will take you to most the places It's just sometimes easier to have you know your own transportation and if you're doing The Vineyards and you're doing a bunch of Vineyard tours have a designated driver when you are going around okay now my next dome for you has to deal with if you're going to be coming from Paris and that is don't wait to buy your tickets okay because the trains to Bordeaux from Paris on the weekends they booked out okay so if you want to come Sunday anytime Sunday those tickets are booked up you cannot do last minute unless you get like a really late train or something like that you need to book those tickets early because it's a really popular destination for people coming from Paris I mean for the weekend and stuff like that so Fridays Sundays holidays always book your tickets early because those tgv trains they only sell seat reserve seats right so once all the seats the reserve seats are taken you can't get on the train okay you can't get a ticket so have a heads up for that and my last dome for you is don't think just because Bordeaux is in the very corner of France you should skip it because I know a lot of people when they come to France Bordeaux doesn't come on their list because they look on a map of France and they see Bordeaux in the very south west corner like man I have to kind of go down there and then come back to go someplace else I don't want to do that I want to see more things look Bordeaux itself is worth a lot of your time and this whole region aquitain is worth a lot of your time so don't skip it just because it looks like it's hidden in the corner of France it shouldn't be hidden in your tourist itinerary because the town and the region are gorgeous okay so I hope you enjoyed this don't list I hope it helps you have a better time when you come here and don't worry you will enjoy the wine you will enjoy the food the history the culture The Vineyards The Chateau everything you're gonna love it because Bordeaux is fantastic anyway if you want to learn more hit that subscribe button we put out new travel videos every Wednesday and Saturday I want to say thank you to all our members subscribers everyone that helps support us it means the world to us and we'll say bye from here in Bordeaux

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chodard [4 likes]: I lived in Bordeaux for many years I have seen the city revive in the late 90s early 2000s, I cannot think of a better city in France, open, accessible, lively, and beautiful. Haussmann who completely redesigned Paris in the 1880s was a former governor of Bordeaux, he admittedly took inspiration from Bordeaux for the Paris rebuild.
  2. @geometric75 [1 likes]: Great informative video, thank you. Taking my family next week some your video has given me plenty of ideas of where to visit. As we're not big  drinkers, I'm glad there's much more than the wine
  3. @malthuswasright: Don't forget the other wine museum in Bordeaux - Cite du Vin is great, but there's a tiny wine museum in Chartrons that is really good, and because it's smaller it's more personal.  Otherwise this is bang on - I've just come back from a long weekend there and it was fantastic.  Except they don't switch the fountains on in February so the reflecting pool was a huge disappointment!  The other don't for me is don't just come for a weekend.  There is far too much to do!.
  4. @1hoseeman: Good walking shoes, yes. But also start a walking regimen a few weeks before you arrive. I've witnessed so many tourists become quickly fatigued after a few blocks after departing their tour bus.
  5. @13c11a: Very helpful. Thank you.
  6. @steventheartist7667: Excellent info
  7. @donnaandre7633: can you bring a 14 year old on a wine tour?
  8. @NathalieBruneteauJoseph: thank you for being so enthusiatic about my home town!
  9. @hollaback2821300: Great Video. I appreciate the wealth of information. What site do you use to book your rental accommodations when in Bordeaux or other European cities?
  10. @Jaslittleflower: Great recommendations! May I ask about the safety of Bordeaux especially for a family with young kids? Which areas to avoid? Where’s best to stay for families?
  11. @rjh2772: is Bordeaux a affordable place to retire
  12. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Is tax refund paid in cash at Bordeaux airport like at Paris ?
  13. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Hi is a 10 journey ticket a good idea for 5 days in Bordeaux ? We are 2 persons
  14. @vermeervanbremen3306: Don't go to Bordeaux
  15. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Is it a safe city also area around Palais 2 l'Atlantique
  16. @liamk6900: Watched this and booked a flight.
  17. @greerwilson9561: Super helpful friend. We’re heading to Bordeaux on Wednesday with friends!
  18. @MrMaddog1278: Did you ask them what comes out the foggy mirror
  19. @richardsingh5827: I want to go there
  20. @anthonymorales842: never been to france when i do Bordeaux is first on the list

- The Wines of Bordeaux's Right Bank: Kind: captions Language: en (playful music box music) >> (narrator) Bordeaux is the largest wine region in France, and historically the world's most important. Its emblematic name conjures a single image, but the region, which produces five times more wine than Burgundy, is made up of over three dozen separately regulated appellations. The Médoc, with its famous classification and Cabernet-based wines, is better known to collectors and enthusiasts. But the Right Bank, although producing just 10% of Bordeaux's wine, has a longer history of grapegrowing. Situated on the north side of the Dordogne River near the city of Libourne, this cluster of exclusively red wine regions is typified by Saint-Émilion, Pomerol, and Fronsac. Bordeaux's winemaking history begins with the Romans, who were the first to develop vineyards in the region. >> (with French accent) So the Romans began the growing of the grapes because they realized that the climate was perfect for this kind of fruit. The popularity of Bordeaux's wines beyond France was sparked in the 12th century, thanks to Eleanor of Aquitaine. After a brief marriage to King Louis VII of France, she married Henry II, soon to be King of England, bringing the province of Aquitaine under English rule. Bordeaux was well positioned to export wine to England, and its rulers eager to encourage trade. Exports peaked by the early 14th century, just before the Hundred Years' War. In the 1600s, the Dutch built canals through the marshes of the Left Bank, draining the Médoc and paving the way for its dominance as a grapegrowing region in years to come. Bordeaux has a maritime climate resulting from its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean. The region's sizable estuary and twin rivers provide further moderation. However, subtleties of characteristic weather and soil structure have encouraged vignerons to plant different varieties. (mellow harp music) Right Bank is basically very known and famous for its capacity to give very rich and ripe Merlot. And easy to understand quite early in their life. Cabernet Franc is the second grape of the Libournais, acting as a supporting element to most Right Bank wines. >> Merlot would count for something like 80%, 85% of global blends on the Right Bank. So Merlot--it will bring the softness, fruitiness, roundness. Cabernet Franc would bring all the structure, character, and strength to the wine. Barrel aging is ubiquitous. Here, like the Médoc, the sweet aromas of new French oak are a signature of high quality wines. >> In Bordeaux, we produce tannic wines, and tannins are coming from the fruit, but also from the wood. So almost all the châteaux in Bordeaux, they will have aging in barrels. Often, the average is 12 month, in barrels. And then, depending on the first or second label, you can have more or less new oak. When beginning to explore the Right Bank, Saint-Émilion is the logical place to start. The picturesque village is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and can boast 20 centuries of winemaking expertise. >> Well, basically, I would say the center of everything is the village of Saint-Émilion, which is medieval village, very old in history. It started in the seventh century by Saint Émilion. Saint Émilion is a hermit, and the vines have always been linked to the history of the village. Because they understood that with this source of limestone and clay, they could produce very, very good wines. In the Right Bank, and particularly in Saint-Émilion, the soils are composed of clay, limestone, and we have, also, a part of sand. The limestone is going to bring a lot of minerality, tension to the wine, and freshness. Clay is going to bring to the wine some finesse, some elegance. And clay works very well with the Cabernet Franc. Limestone-rich soils are found in the Côte, the slopes surrounding the village of Saint-Émilion. Most of the region's top châteaux, including Angelus and Ausone, are situated here. The terrace near the border of Pomerol is known as the Graves, and its gravel and clay soil more closely resemble those of the Médoc. Château Cheval Blanc and Figeac are among the few producers located in the Graves, and their blends are consequently higher in the Cabernet >> The characteristic of Cheval Blanc is the uniqueness of the château in the grape varieties, because in Saint-Émilion Pomerol, the predominant grape variety is Merlot, and Cheval Blanc has 60% of Cabernet Franc and 40% Merlot. This large proportion of Cabernet Franc gives to the wine a very distinctive style of finesse and elegance. And the nose is a lot of black fruit, and just a little smoky nose. Just a little spicy. I think Cheval Blanc is a cashmere wine. And the cashmere is a great definition for the great wine because it is elegance in a time. The classification of Saint-Émilion is more complicated than the Médoc. >> The 1855 Classification of the Médoc, it's one short list, which has become part of history, which is not changing. So that's easy to understand, because you've got first classified growth, second, third, fourth, and fifth. Here in Saint-Émilion, that's different, because we wanted it to be a classification that would help people to progress and try to do also better. The region established a self-regulating system in 1954 that revisits the classification every decade. >> So the idea was every 10 years, if you want to apply, you can. Because maybe you're doing better every year, and maybe, at some time, you can go from Saint-Émilion Grand Cru, to classified growth. That was the idea, and that is still the idea when we renew it every 10 years. Furthering confusion, Saint-Émilion Grand Cru refers not to a classification, but an appellation, while a classified producer within that appellation would be known as "Saint-Émilion Grand Cru Classe." In addition to the principle area of Saint-Émilion, four satellite appellations-- Lussac, Saint-Georges, Montagne, and Puisseguin-- can offer excellent value. (playful piano music) Lalande-de-Pomerol extends to the west and offers another source for overlooked wines. Just to the south is Pomerol, home to the world's most sought-after Merlot. Prior to the 1950s, Pomerol was dominated by Cabernet Franc. Following a series of challenging vintages, growers transitioned to Merlot, a more reliable grape that's well suited to the clay soils of Pomerol. >> So Pomerol is located in the northeast of Bordeaux. There is no classification in Pomerol. So the quality is most of the time determined by the price. Petrus is perhaps the best known château, but you can find very, very good wines between 10 and 20 euros. No discussion of Pomerol is complete without mention of the garagistes. Influenced by the success of Le Pin, these tiny châteaux are known for polished, low-yielding wines, often with a luxurious dose of new oak. In the 1990s, the wines attracted high praise, and prices, but critics questioned whether all but the top examples have market longevity. Today, Pomerol affords drinkers a wide range-- from surprising value, to the world's most expensive wines. To the west of the city of Libourne, Fronsac and the smaller Canon Fronsac fly under the radar of their more famous neighbors. >> Fronsac on the Right Bank-- we are very protected by the river here. We don't have hail, we don't have huge storms, like in sometimes Saint-Émilion Pomerol. And it's kind of warmer here, also. But the two main grape varieties are Merlot and Cabernet Franc. And some châteaux in Fronsac, they have a little bit of Cabernet Sauvignon, and they can also have some Malbec or Petit Verdot. In Fronsac, we don't have any classification, so that's why here, in Fronsac, the wines have a very good value. For us, the most expensive bottle here is 21 euro. For '09, or '10, the best vintages of Bordeaux, for example. Outside of France, we're quick to associate Bordeaux with steak. But pairings with duck and fish are more commonplace in the region and demonstrate the flexibility of the region's wines. >> I think it's very interesting to pair red wines with fish, but I have to be precise when I speak about fish-- it’s white flesh, such as turbot, sole, John Dory. >> For me, the best meats you can have with the Pomerols are the red meats like beef. >> Also, the game, and the duck, and also it's possible to pair with cheese. >> You can drink the wines with a lot of different meals, because the tannins are soft--very soft. The popularity of the Right Bank has ebbed and flowed. It began as the most important region in Bordeaux, then lost its position of prominence after the Hundred Years' War and the draining of the Médoc. A generation ago, Bordeaux was the undisputed king of international wine lists, but it lost favor from market neglect, and a focus on sales in Asia. Now, the region is regaining global attention. Despite the coming and going of trends, one thing has remained constant-- people have been making delicious wines on the north side of the Dordogne for almost 2,000 years.

  Top Comments:
  1. @prashantchauhan2048 [18 likes]: I will always appreciate the amount of hard work done in making of these videos. Cheers 🥂
  2. @gianmariopozzi1180 [12 likes]: This channel is pure gold
  3. @ivanpinto7726 [7 likes]: Still waiting for the left bank video!!!!
  4. @garyenefer678 [2 likes]: 2:16 Great part of the world,Bordeaux.
  5. @markbeck8384 [1 likes]: Really useful and well-done. Lots of information for a beginner like me.
  6. @drmatthewhorkey [1 likes]: Great video, glad you including Fronsac too which we really enjoy :)
  7. @philipangino6327: Wonderfully enjoyable and informative
  8. @ShakespeareCafe: Unless you live in blessed California and you have a poverty of riches of fantastic wines... Wine is a staple of life. Besides love wine is the next best thing going
  9. @westgarthwines: Cheval Blanc is hard to beat!
  10. @jd-ku3iw: Thank you. Now I know.
  11. @rendez-vousauchateau5094: Well done ; if you think to go for an update, you'll be welcome to include the Cotrs de Francs and Cotes de Castillon, without forgetting the St Emilion sattelites, it's going to be complete ! Frederic, private tour wine guide in Bordeaux
  12. @mindscape65: Thee video is great, but for mispronunciation of french words, like Aquitaine and Angelus..
  13. @_d0ser: Pomerol doesn't need a classification, it has Petrus.
  14. @Diderot68: 10:12. What’s wrong with sales to Asia?
  15. @sanjaypatelmd4669: Visited chateau Pavie
  16. @70svd: Chateau Pavie is over priced and over rated I’m afraid. Having tasted the Pavie a few times i come not to like like it. Better spend that kind of money on Penfold Bin 707 or 389 instead.
  17. @prasadareddy1723: From which country it is
  18. @krihanek117: WTF did she say @ 2:50 Cab Franc adds...
  19. @exeterbeekeeper: Most informative thanks
  20. @darsychane2588: Thank you!

- Sotheby’s Cellar: Bordeaux Futures Explained: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone this is Ellie Rodriguez Sales Director for Sotheby's wine and today we are talking about Bordeaux futures so what are Bordeaux futures basically the Bordeaux Chateau sell their wine before they're bottled you buy the wine now but you don't see the one deliver for two years so it'll be 2018 before the 2015's arrive those are the ones that we're excited about now the key to futures is thinking about price priority and provenance futures are offered at a reduced price so for instance this Newton 2012 which is now approximately $600 a bottle was released at 375 then there's the priority factor you have the opportunity to be offered why is that you love why is it you're interested in collecting first and then there's the provenance issue rock-solid provenance ensures a great collection our team of specialists has just returned back from Bordeaux over all exciting vintage quality is high if you have any further questions about the 2015 Bordeaux futures campaign please feel free to contact us at Sotheby's wine.com or visit the store at 72nd and York Avenue in the southeast building you

- 5 First Growths Bordeaux drinking! Let's buy & enjoy Bordeaux Premier Grands Crus in LA, USA!: Kind: captions Language: en (First shop) So this is the most interesting wine store! Dom Perignon Comtes de Champagne, Krug... Wow... It's a liquor store, but there are so many fine wines 'Visit our wine cellar' (It may seem like they're out of stock, but apparently they keep expensive wines in a seperate storage) Okay. Thank you, I'll take it I just bought a bottle of Chateau Lafite Rothschild, 2014 In a liquor store! Usually, liquor store doesn't sell this kind of fine wine, high-end wine And this is my first time to buy this kind of really high-end wine in a liquor store My wife asked me if this isn't a fake one I'm not sure about that Once you taste this, then we'll get to know In a liquor store... (Second shop) This one looks like a usual office Do you have only fine wines here? We have most- Yeah, mostly it's gonna be fine wines It's gonna be Cult Wines Yeah, Cheval Blanc Yeah, it's gonna be Bordeauxs and Burgundies and then we have some Italians like... And where was the Chateau Haut Brion that I took? Here, we have all the Haut Brions here Okay, all the Haut Brions Hi, Brian. Can I do a short interview with you? Yeah, sure From where do you source your wine? We get it from collections or we get it from auction Or just retailers, wholesalers, elsewhere we can And for high-end wines the cellaring condition is very important, isn't it? Yes So how do you keep these wines? We temperature control our cellar And make sure that we get them from good sources that have kept their wine well And how do you check the original condition of the collector's cellars and... We buy from a collector, it's usually trusted colletor And they usually have their wines in, you know, good wine storage, facilities, and things like this So this is another very interesting wine store Actually, I heard this is not a wine store. This is a wine warehouse Hi, is this Chapter 4? Hi Oh, you're much taller than I expected Alright, you're Scott? Oh, nice to meet you, Scott Thank you, so this is mine? Two bottles of wine The Latour's from my personal collection Oh, yeah? Yeah, I think I acquired them in 2005 Really? So you kept these bottles for multiple years Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, the whole time under storage Thank you so much I appraciate you coming up this far No problem, thank you This is Wally's Fine wines and gourmet foods So our thing like our Bordeaux Verticals Multiple vintages of Burgundy, champagne, we can just flesh it out a bit more It is the other bottle that you asked about which is the 2012 Now the beauty of 2012 vintage is that the wines are going to come around earlier Than some of the other great vintages of recent And they're only getting better And that's the reason why I chose this one Because I'm not that patient Most wine lovers aren't Unless you have multiple bottles Then they can be patient with some, impatient with others Yeah, exactly. You know the answer And you also asked to have, I believe, about a 2014 Haut Brion Here we are... the gorgeous Haut Brion And from where do you source this kind of high-end wines? So we work with multiple negotiators in Bordeaux So our Bordeaux wines come directly from them Occasionally, if we have a private collector who has a good relationship with Wally's for decades And we know that the providence of the wines is perfect We'll acquire wines from them as well That way, we're allowed to have so many different vintages Yeah, lots of viewers are worried about fake bottles And it is a huge issue Yeah, luckily Wally's has never, you know, purchased wine from people who we don't have long-standing relationships with And how do you maintain the cellaring condition? So we have two temperature-controlled fans in here that keep it at 55°, optimal age for aging wine And because the room is so big and there's so much precious cargo There are backup generators for both So that no matter what, the room will always be at a constant 55° What is the oldest bottle that you have here? Oh, I can show you where that is... Oh, so it's kept secret! Yeah! I believe I tucked it away in this area Let's see You ready for this? Yeah, I'm ready for that That's the vintage Oh, okay It's Madeira Fortified wines are eternal That is true You know all the bottles that you have here Somebody has to! Alright, that is true Somebody has to That way, if you remember where you put everything Nobody can sell it except you And that is true. You should be hired eternally, right? I am Over here, we have our large format bottles For anyone who's having a party or is feeling extra thirsty Extra Thirsty And I see you have a restaurant here, right? Yes, we do So Wally's, ever since we opened Beverly Hills has been a retail restaurant concept And the idea is that you can buy bottles to take home And all of our pricing is retail, so it's super fair You're also allowed to choose a bottle of our wine list and drink it here And we avoid restaurant markup Which can be crazy on wines as you know An Haut Brion, for example, that might cost you $600-$700 on the shelf Without costing you two thousand on the wine list Yeah, exactly And the way we avoid that is any bottle you drink in the restaurant is $40 more, regardless of what it is or how much it costs We are going to taste 5 different wines today Red wines No white wine for today (Darn…) 🤨 These 5 different red wines are from 2 different vintages And they are from one bigger area One large area Okay The small areas, appellations, can be the same or can be different Okay, so 5 red wines 2 different vintages One large area for them all Subareas may or may not be the same Yeah NO! I'm not going to do it You're not going to do it? Alright Then I can do it alone As almost always, I don't know which one is which one Okay, and the corks have been changed? Can we start? Yeah, of course Let's have fun~ 😆 Let's have some fun, exactly 🍷 (Tasting the wines) 🍷 You think there's something wrong with the nose? Sorry? Did you say you thought you saw something wrong with the nose? Was not sure... Do you mean corked? I don't pick it up in the nose I find the wine, like No. 1, slightly reduced But not corky at least, not yet For sure they're all from the same region, but I'm struggling You're struggling? Then our viewers love it! They love it when I struggle, right? Yeah, I would love it, too 🥰 Why are you struggling? Because the region is sort of identifiable But then the wines are not They've got colors that I don't expect You know, they've all got extract, for example And there's one or two really good wines in here Yeah? Okay, then shall we talk about the No. 1? Shall we perhaps talk about the region? Region? Because you said they're all from the one region and then sub-zones Mm-hmm So to me, you know, getting into the wines, they were not New World They were all Old World, is that correct That's correct Okay, so that's Old World wines So then I'm having a look at wines like this, they're quite austere My immediate sense of all the wines was to go to Tuscany That was my immediate sense But the colors were wrong And the extracts were wrong Colors were too red Too red? And so I'm trying to think where else could these be Because it looks to me, it feels to me like Tuscany Or Bordeaux Definitely, in some of these wines here, there's Bordeaux varieties for me Okay, so you are hesitating between Super Tuscan... I'm hesitating between Tuscany with some Super Tuscan involved and Bordeaux As I said, it was difficult for me But at least I'm partially there Yeah, you're right about grape varieties Absolutely The first term you mentioned was 'austere' Austere, yeah There's not an upfront New World kind of... in your face fruitiness 'Rip off all your clothes and boogie on the first date' thing It's more restrained, austere, you have to woo me It was serious wines What is that boogie? Boogie? 😏 Really? It's a funny word, you can use it to describe a lot of things Alright, I see And by the way, the one that I like the best is the last one Yeah? Alright So shall we talk about wine No. 1? And some age, but not a lot of age There was an austere vintage like 2014 What does it mean 'austere vintage' when you say austere for the vintage? 2014, for example, was a cool vintage So you had to be very careful in Bordeaux in 2014 when making the wines Not to over oak them Because the fruit was very delicate I see Only one of these wines that I actually find quite a lot of oak The wines are well made from that perspective Even the one that had quite a lot of oak was well made There's no bad wine making here Except that I think 2-3 of the wines are quite reduced Meaning they could use some oxygen So I thought this wine- this was not my favorite wine by any means Quite austere, still tasting reduced Decent Decent? Decent, yeah What do you think? It's decent, it's pure I taste some oak, but it's integrated well The tannin's fine Yeah, now, all of the wines had decent mouthfeel Decently- They were very tannic some of them But decently integrated tannins And not rough tannins So yeah, all of the wines had that going for them So that makes it difficult to taste because they all show... They show that they're Bordeaux heritage There's no Petrus in here There is no Petrus, Peter No Petrus I keep tasting, I live in hope but there's no Petrus in here Hope is really good when you have it There's not even Lafite or Latour in here, so what can I say Okay, why not It would be welcomed by me! And me! And me! But I'll divorce my wife if she opens one, but... Alright, then I can host you That's okay, divorce is not the problem, it's where to sleep It's a good time to divorce me, I have no money We're terrible... So No. 1, it's an okay wine? All of them were decent No. 1 was my least favorite Alright, then wine No. 2 Wine No. 2 is better I don't think the vintages are very far apart No, you're correct So it's very difficult to tell What I'm noticing as I retaste the wines is that they're improving Which is typical of young Bordeaux Which is not cheap, cheap, cheap And all these wines are actually improving in the glass, they're getting better It's not full-bodied It's still medium-bodied But it's quite plump And it's nice Again, left bank For me, the second wine was the oakiest The oakiest, No. 2 One of them I picked up oak on the nose The immediate oak on the nose was... No. 4 No. 4? Nice wine Some of them are Cabernet dominated And some of them, to me, has less Cabernet Okay, I see Certainly, this wine This one also oaky The last one Anyway, carrying on So did we finish talking about No. 2? Did we talk about the taste? I was saying No. 2 was quite oaky for me Oh, that's right, yeah A little bit green at the same time, but I like the freshness Yeah, it's fresh. You know that greenness is hard, I mean Everybody tells you that greenness comes from Cabernet That greenness also comes from Merlot Alright, then No. 3? No. 3 This one is very much like No. 1 In that it was- it's reduced It's quite complex, it's not a bad wine at all But I think it will go very well with food With the barbeque that you're going to… 🥩 We're about to do barbeque, are we? Will go great with that You said that there're two vintages here? Maybe we should be at the point now of saying what the vintages are, do you agree? Yeah, I agree 2012 and 2014 2012 was a better vintage than 2014 Neiter of them were as rich as 2015 Wine No. 1 and wine No. 3, they are reduced, right? They are reduced Do you think they can get better once they get aerated? Yes, wine No. 1 definitely Okay, how can you say it? How can you tell it? Because of the way it's developing in the glass Remember I said that the wines were quiet and now they're developing It's still there, the reduction Still ungenerous Did you think No. 3 was corked? Is that the one you thought was corked? Which is the one you thought had TCA? I get it now Very slight TCA I don't get it this minute But again, that's very slight like last week's It's much lighter than that one Even lighter than last weeks But in the palate, I just feel lots of fruit, full of fruit It's a pity about TCA because it's a good wine But in the palate, it's as fruity as the others That's a good wine, unfortunately, not in great shape I'm gonna go with 2012 And what do you think about the taste of No. 3? Oh, I have to taste it, too? It's balanced, it's round It's claret, okay? It's not heavy, it's medium-bodied It's harmonious, quite complex, nuanced It's the essence of Old World wine! With nuances vs. in your face The tannin of the left bank is there I like it, it's really balanced And the tannin is velvety On the nose, I was thinking about it was corked, slightly I think it is Yeah, but in the palate, the fruitiness Fruit's still there So it's an interesting wine in that it can overcome the TCA To display that kind of fruit But that TCA is very mild Very, very mild I didn't get it the first time and then I wasn't thinking when I picked it up, now... It was there, now I'm trying to find, it's gone again So much fun? No. 4, that was the one I found oaky This was the oakiest one on the nose Palate, it's really well integrated I wanted to go right bank here, but I'm going left bank here The tannins are very powerful They're really well done, but they're very powerful This is powerful, but at the same time it's very subtle, too So that's the essence of Bordeaux when you get it right! There's a reason why Bordeaux is arguably the most famous wine in the world Number 1 is because they produce so much of it And number 2 is because so much of it so good It's the ability of these Bordeaux varieties to deliver the iron fist in the velvet glove Power punch from Cabernet Sauvignon And then nuance, subtle, you know? Very good wine Yeah, I like it very much, too I like it Okay, then wine No. 5? Wine No. 5, at the time when I first tasted, I thought it was the best wine It's extremely complex Extremely complex? It's absolutely my kind of wine But not my kind of bordeaux What do you mean by that? 🤔 I expect more fruit, more this, more that, more the other from Bordeaux, rougher tannins And obviously I expect quality, class But I don't expect that kind of subtlety The wine is so subtle I love this wine! This wine is like- this is me, my kind of wine But it's definitely not now, anymore, if you're in Bordeaux, the best wine Because the Bordeaux characteristics are really not here Except for the color I love the wine 💕 💕 I love the wine!!! 💕 This is the most minerally wine for me This is gorgeous stuff Merlot dominated It is the best wine in the tasting But it's not the wine that I believe that would be the most popular amongst our subscribers Not because I'm telling you guys you don't know the best wine That's not what I'm trying to say It's very subtle It plays to the side of me that I don't like to talk about Which is my own personal preferences Because my own personal preferences are irrelevant What's relevant is the wines So I often say when we do these things That I'm trying to give you guys a sense of quality Whether you like it or not is actually irrelevant in terms of everything else Because that comes down to personal preference And your personal preference is absolutely as valid as mine So I can't say anymore without crying You want some more No. 5? Without weeping- Later! Later? Alright But you know, when I think about wine What am I looking for in wine, okay? That's the kind of thing I look for And what do you think would be the most popular wine by the majority of our viewers? It's quite powerful and at the same time subtle, so... As wines go, it's very subtle fruit But powerful fruit, well balanced Youthful... I think No. 4 And they wouldn't be wrong from my perspective Because it's very, very good wine So there is one more imformation now They're all from the left bank That's fair enough They're from three different appellation You know, I don't have enough wine anymore. I don't know, so... There's Margaux, the Graves, and then maybe Pauillac, what's the other one? Yeah, Pauillac I would say the last one is a Graves How is the wine from Graves? If you have a look at the first growths Chateau Haut Brion is a first growth from Graves For a lot of people, Chateau Haut Brion is the least of the great growths, the first growths For me, it's very often No. 1 There's a subtlety, and nuance, a complexity, a quietness... About the Graves that I love So Haut Brion which is often considered No. 5 out of the 5 For me, it's No. 1 or No. 2 Very, very often So that's a personal thing It's got nothing to do with what we're trying to tell our subscribers Do you want to see the bottles? Sure, absolutely Okay, then wine No. 1 Chateau Latour Are you kidding me? I'm not kidding you I'm pretty serious with you I'm sorry to hear that because it was my least favorite wine It's alright, you cannot like all of them Obviously, I'm going to drink this and not spit it out No, no, no, enough Do you love it? What I loved were No. 4 and No. 5 Yeah, No. 3 was good, too And No. 1 and No. 2 were my least favorite Me too! Alright, thank you for such a great wine I'll let you off for the Petrus And No. 2, shall we see? Okay, absolutely Okay, da-ran-da-ran~ No. 2 It's Chateau Mouton Rothschild, 2012 That's Haut Brion, right? I have no idea, Peter! I told you I don't know which one is which one But I think you're right NO. 3, well, we thought there was some TCA here Clearly there's a reason why there's five... You think so? It is definitely corked, you need to take that back Because it might well be the most complete wine here Except for that Right, so No. 3 Chateaux Margaux So interesting, I was expecting bigger nose from Margaux You know, that's the problem with the wine being corked Okay, No. 4, wine No. 4 It's Lafite, Chateau Lafite Rothschild, 2014 You were very smart to do this Generally speaking in the great vintages, Lafite is too powerful So in the lesser vintages, Lafite shows very often better than the others Otherwise, it can sometimes be, in the great vintages, a little clumsy And Haut Brion! I love the fact that my one that I loved the best was Haut Brion because... Are you sure? It can be something else? Well, it can be something else, but I think I know the theme already Alright, wine No. 5 Yeah, Chateau Haut Brion Amazing... Beautiful wine Yeah, it's beautiful Jay, what an awesome tasting! I'm sorry I didn't love the wines more No problem We have plenty of time to enjoy them We do These are wines made for long, long, long aging And so you don't get the immediate characteristics of Bordeaux For sure, the Bordeaux varieties But not Bordeaux itself I'm gonna get very drunk tonight and Very crazy, but... That's the reason why I asked you for grilling some meat And staying at your home But we should do our ending Oh, I almost forgot! Alright, so we tasted 5 Bordeaux 1er Grand Crus wines In Asia, we call these 5 wines 5 great Chateau But you don't say that kind of thing here in the United States? First growths First growths? In the United States and in most of the world, first growths I really tried to find the same vintages But it was not possible So I tried to find some balance between the vintages in these wines Yeah, that's a fascinating tasting And an interesting experience for me Because these are very young in the context of great wine Remember what I said earlier? That I didn't think they were spectacular and then... "Oh, they're growing in the glass!" "Oh, they're getting better in the glass!" And that's what you expect from great wine Because these are, each one of these wines, €1000 bottle of wine So I don't know who's paying for this, I hope it's not me~ It's me I love that! Probably in the whole world Nobody drank these 5 wines together tonight And as you can see, each bottle is at least half full It's just Jay and me left and we're going to drink a whole lot None of this stuff gets poured away I'll drink the Haut Brion first Jay, awesome, awesome tasting! And as you said because they are not totally open I prepared 5 clean, new decanters to decant all of them Now? It's not here In my car Oh, in your car, okay! I'm sneaky Why are you waiting? Because my wife is driving my car now A man who buys bottles that cost over $1000 each Lets his wife drive his car Explain that to me Alright, thanks, Peter We're gonna enjoy these wines with... Oh, yeah. I got plenty more for you to taste, so don't... Yes, we're going to drink everything! Let me just go and tell Valerie what we have, okay? And then I want you to taste 2 wines, okay? Don't forget to subscribe And leave a love~ No, no, no, I have to toast you with Haut Brion Haut Brion is, again, for me Better than the others. And this is the 2014! Subtlety, nuance, complexity... I prefer complexity to power That's me too, I totally agree Way to go! Do that again! 🥂 So I will be drinking Haut Brion until it's gone! Okay, no problem Valerie? Hi, Valerie So you bought crazy wines? Oh, yeah. carzy wines Do you want to drink, too? Which one was your best, was your favorite? My favorite is No. 5 And Peter's favorite is No. 5, too The second best was No. 4 for me They're quite soft Yeah, very soft You don't get that... Mmm? No, not at all Delicious We're gonna finish all these 5 bottles Peter said he'll get drunk Oh, my god... Decanting time!!! Oh... Valerie thinks I'm crazy It can be used for young wines and also for old wines You may remember that we used to do the Boerewors for the main meal, remember? Just to give us something to get going on? Here we go! Of course! That is my favorite sausage This is to eat in the bush while you're watching elephants! Sounds strange, but it is true It's true So now I'm going to make Valerie crazy, but... Boerewors goes really well with eggs Would you like some eggs? Why not? So we'll start with the Boerewors then have some- Boerewors and eggs and then we'll have... Valerie, we're going to ask you to cook some eggs It's okay I can't help it, but that's- I've got crazy people! Not normal people who drive to Santa Barbara to buy wine, it's not normal These wines, these first growth Bordeaux, are pretty young to drink know I'll decant all 5 of them in the same shaped decanters to give fair chances to the wines So as they evolve We'll see how they evolve Let's see. The second one was what? Margaux?? Second one was Mouton Rothschild While I'm waiting for you, I'll pour myself some Haut Brion No problem, Peter I can't believe in this lineup that I would pick Haut Brion 2014 to be the best wine That is a difficult vintage That's my wife's favorite wine, too Last one? Haut Brion? While I pour the wine into the decanter (By putting a source of light under the bottle) I see through the neck of the bottle if there is sediment being poured into the decanter Once I find any sediment, I just stop pouring We can enjoy pure wine Haut Brion So you've always had these decanters or you had to go out and buy them? They're all new All new? Okay Beautiful decanters! They're valid for young wines and also for old wines And now 5 bigger glasses! Ah, that makes sense! There you go, good stuff But I didn't want to taste with these glasses because... Because you're not tuned into them No (Writing the names down on the glass in case of confusion) I love this pen I love that pen, too I prefer the wine Beautiful sound... When you've got wines at this level which are relatively young They just get better and better in the glass I thought about doing double decanting But I wanted to see the evolution Yeah, I think you're right Yeah, from the beginning of the evolution Because we were gonna enjoy them for a long time We are going to fall into bed, but we are still going to... Love the plan I've been planning this tasting already from the end of last year Oh, wow Okay, we'll start with that Take as much as you want because we have really a lot Looks delicious Cheers! 🥂 That's what they're doing in France all the time, barbeque and first growths It's beautiful With barbeque, I really love Latour (For dessert, we had this beautiful fruit salad) (with Tokaji Aszu 6 Puttonyos) (It was truly a wonderful evening Peter and Valerie~) -The end-

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielsommer1796 [5 likes]: I am missing these days in lockdown during covid, watching these videos. Unfortunately i am not that much into winekings Videos after he left california but i hope it is going well for him
  2. @kurhooni5924 [1 likes]: what s the story with elephant, you seems to like them a lot, is that a secret msg lmao?
  3. @marcboudvillain1297 [1 likes]: Cheers from France. I enjoy your videos so much. Keep going!!
  4. @qwertyschaf [1 likes]: How did "Scott" acquire the Latour 2012 in 2005? 🤔
  5. @hardway_6823 [1 likes]: I immensely enjoy these videos, this one in particular, and for several reasons - first, I love seeing these truly classic wines being opened and tasted and discussed by real people in this realistic and unpretentious (sorry about using that terribly overused "wine word") setting. I especially appreciate you two obvious consummate experts evaluating and articulating these wines, again in a totally unpretentious and easily understandable way that allows people like me - I am a great wine enjoyer and enthusiast, but nowhere near the level of expertise and experience of you two fine gentleman. Excellent content and excellent conversation! Best wine channel I've come across by far, and out of quite a number of very good ones on YouTube. Exceptionally well done, thank you!
  6. @danielchoi5759 [1 likes]: 저렇게 비싼데 부쇼네 난건 어떻게 하나요? 진짜 돌려주나요??
  7. @perry3556: I´ve also had very terrible 1st Growth wines, but I´m surprised the Latour didn´t do better... the vintage is SOOOO important... wow....
  8. @OPX-YMB: Never by high end wines from places like this!
  9. @canopusmr.1748: 두분 다 너무 멋지네요.❤❤ 와인의 맛과 향을 점차 맞춰가는 과정이 너무 멋지고 신기합니다. 와인 열공 중인데 5대샤또 와인을 확실히 이해했습니다. 저는 마고를 먹어봤는데 와인도 잘 몰랐을 때이고 충분히 열리지 않은 상태였던 거 같습니다. 보르도 직접 방문해 일일이 테스트 했던 제퍼슨 대통령이 뽑은 리스트와 1855년 박람회 선정 1등급이 일치하죠. 특히 라피트와 마고를 좋아했다고 하죠. 라따뚜이의 샤또 라뚜르도 생각나네요.^^
  10. @robertdepesci3418: anyone know what kind of sausage that is?
  11. @user-lc5uh4ic1z: would not trust their storage procedures
  12. @carlhsieh2615: So what's the verdict on the Margaux? Is it corked? 🙏
  13. @b286guy: My god, what a tasting. So expensive! Beautiful food too. Lucky people! 🍷 🥩
  14. @wino5754: I wish I was your friend!🍷🍷
  15. @thethinker5462: Jay looks like he’s related to Michell Wie. 😜
  16. @ontheroad89: Haut Médoc is a good Bordeaux
  17. @glenn7475: Wow great wine and back yard bbq good company what a good time
  18. @henrylemelay5436: De rechter heeft pinot noir glas en de linker chardonnay.
Ze proeven echter bordeaux 😂 dutch !
  19. @Justwanttobemyself: lovely crazy things ,two thumb up.🥰
  20. @Blair338RUM: Haut Brion is gorgeous

- Winemakers' crisis: French wine exports break records, consumers turn away from red wine: Kind: captions Language: en France 24's surely sit Bon is here surely French wine exports are breaking records but here at home consumers are shunning uh the red stuff could it be because of those those ads we've been seeing when you go to watch a movie in the cinema where you have health authorities telling you to consume less alcohol not only in the cinemas but also on television whenever you put on YouTube or whatever you have that you have those messages coming up popping up we can see one of them they've been playing and you can pretty easily they put it all out there if you drink too much wine they say more than two glasses of wine you can get heart disease liver disease you can get uh your immune system will be weakened you can get cancer and strokes that's the message and we can say that it's probably the opposite the exact opposite of what we've been hearing decades earlier when drinking wine was almost patriotic when it was good for your heart right it is but at the time you remember there was the French paradox we said that drinking wine is actually good for you it evens out your uh your diet if you eat too much uh cheese and You Know Rich uh food well this drinking wine will make you feel better this was based on some kind of statistic but scientists today say that you really have to watch out uh and some of them even have been saying that you can even not drink wine at all but but of course they don't all agree you can't drink some wine but not too much and actually French consumers have been drinking less than at the time uh in the 1960s since then well consumption has dropped by 60 percent but you have to say that at the time it was very high 100 liters per uh resident in France per year which was a lot today it's 40 liters which is more reasonable and some winemakers have asked authorities to tear out parts of their Vineyards why is that crucial when sales are down well it's crucial because they don't want prices to plummet you've said it you shouldn't go too far down I don't feel it's gone down to be quite honest with you I'm still buying but but I guess it depends on the quality of the wine but uh it's important especially because if they don't use that part of their Vineyard they don't attend to it then some diseases can spread and they can spread to other parts of the land and to other Vineyards and that would be a major problem that's why the European Union and France have been investing uh to uh pull out and Destroy parts of France's Vineyards because they believe that the French consumers will continue to drink less and less now wine makers who are left with large quantities of unsold wine have have decisions to make Bordeaux can be used to make for example perfume or disinfectant gel yes some some so many uh producers have such large quantities of wine they don't know what to do with it so if they've been asking authorities can we turn it into something so we don't have it in our hands anymore so the the French will Turn 2.5 million hectoliters of Bordeaux and other red uh wines uh into sanitizers into perfume uh you know that's what they're doing today and apparently this is a trend also we have to say that Global uh warming makes red wine less popular because it's too hot and so people turn to these uh cool white wine and Rose orange wines I've seen as colors right and some uh some producers we can see uh on these images they've you know they've decided to diversify uh their land and while they pull out some of their vine plants well they've planted olive trees and they also grow you know they grow nuts and they produce lots of things actually can make the wine even taste better with all these varieties but because we consume a lot of oil um olive oil in France and we only produce four percent of that so it's uh you know it's a market that's ready to be taken thank you very much for that surely surely said born

  Top Comments:
  1. @Malibu-ku2to [2 likes]: To turn them to disinfected products , send them to Los Angeles!!!😂
  2. @Bigjoe99x: I will pull the vines out, if you sell the land to me at discount
  3. @rosshilton: You are dumping wine ln Australia. If we dumped our wine on you there would be uproar.  But France thinks it is above all rules. Just like sinking the Rainbow Warrior.
  4. @axeblue: 100L per resident at the time, now 40L🤣
Wow! The 🇫🇷ench 1:42 sure loved their 🍷
  5. @onelife7247: Interesting. Red wine contains reservatrol and is an anti-coagulant.
  6. @ThemFuzzyMonsters: 😥
  7. @sidney4329: Cabernet Sauvignon for me.  The best.
  8. @stormynatero1385: Ah point of order ....
I have not turned away from Rum Wine whiskey or beer .,...and good moonshine.
You know even Christ drank wine there people.

- First Growth Bordeaux: LATOUR: Kind: captions Language: en in the world of Fine Wine there's always a question of who is the alpha in Bordeaux the five first grow shat are always in contention I think this is the magic ofo so far at our poor decisions we've tasted lefit muton oon and Margo but what about Lor drum roll some consider Chateau Lor to be the alpha among its peers and especially after the estate was bought for $121 million in 1993 by franois pinol one of the world's wealthiest individuals an owner of Gucci I might add big Investments were made in the vineyard into modernized the winery join us for today's episode and we'll compare bottles before and after the pin all acquisition and also for a taste of their second wine Le for de lur all right hi wine lovers welcome to another episode of our poor decisions I feel like it's almost a cliche at this point but you're really excited about this aren't you I am so excited about this I'm like a kid in the candy store and I want to know what's the big deal about Lor well you know wine collectors and Bordeaux enthusiasts are never going to agree on which estate or Chateau is the greatest but there are a lot of people that say Lor might be it wait what about lefit though well lefit is obviously I think a bigger brand name um they have a bigger production they have a greater worldwide reach but purist will say that Lor has a single SLE best plot of land in entire BTO well I just want to remind you that you did say the 1990 hope Bon was the greatest wine you've ever tried in a previous video and and it's true which is also why I'm so excited that we're going to have another spectacular tasting all right well let's find out why my dad is so excited to try lure today we're trying three bottles from chat Lor after having such a great experience with opron pops's really getting his hopes up we'll be trying the grand wine from 1990 and 2000 vintages which are both considered to be Classics pops had the 2000 lure at the restaurant Le 2 years ago and when he got home he acted like a kid who had just come back from Disney World we'll also try Lor's second wine Le for de lure from the Stellar 2010 vintage it'll be interesting to see how the second wine compares to the other two so I guess all of you now understand why I'm so excited and there's not a chance that any of these bottles are bad right because I know you've been having some bad luck recently indeed I have uh you know what I took a sneak peek I think we're good hopefully well one of the things we like to do on this show is give background information on the Chateau so let's go ahead and take a look at Lor a little more in depth CH Lor is Loc located in Bordeaux France and is one of the original four first growth Estates from the 1855 classification The Chateau and the property itself is located just on the poak side on the border with St Julian this is cand with about 78% dedicated to Cabernet s 177% Mero 4% cabinet Fran and 2% petite Pau the Tower of Lor which is on the Lor label traces its Origins back to 1331 but the original tower was destroyed towards the end of The 100 war between England and France the tower that sits on the property today is actually a dove clut built in the 17th century Chateau Lor began using stainless steel fermentation back in the 1960s decades before other Chateau an ambitious four-year long renovation was completed in 2003 and in 2012 Lor built a giant new storage facility and announced it would no longer participate in the on Market which is one of the Hallmarks of the Bordeaux wine trade Instead The Chateau would store its Grand wines for 8 to 10 years and then release the wines to the marketplace when it deemed the Wine's ready it is good to be owned by one of the richest people in the world so we're back inside and we're trying red thank goodness I got to tell you I Lov the summer whites they were great be but I love Reds I like whites I'm not going to discriminate I like them all well I'm excited to see what the hype's all about and add this to my resume very nice so what are your expectations Stacy I'm stoked to see how these wines have stood up right 1990 is a pretty stellar vintage it's it's going to be hard for it to compete with that the best wine we've ever tasted right that help foron from 1990 um so I'm stoked to see how it did um 2010 for the Le for was a great vintage for that wine the second wine for them and the 2000 I mean these are all great vintages it's pretty exciting and so what order are we GNA try them in so that's tough right there there's a ton of different ways we could do this um I think we're GNA jump in with the 2000 right The Cho Lor from the classic 2000 vintage is comprised of mostly Cabernet Salon with Sumer low and a dollop of Cabernet Franc and petite Pau the wine critics gave the wine anywhere from 97 to 100 points an average score among the wine community on cellot tracker is 96.5 which is for the record very high as all lurs the wines were from fermented in stainless steel Vats and spent 18 months in 100% new French Oak barrels it's the deepest one of the bunch like you just can't see through it so I found that 2000 in my opinion is super age worthy a lot of 2000s are still not ready and I think this is just at the beginning of the drinking window I think you're probably right now where do you get B you're like our super taster hero I mean you really did nail it on the summer whites that was prettyy impressive definitely got a strong Aroma I'm surprised stinky wasn't your first thing cuz this is pretty stinky I knew it was stinky but it wasn't like whoa I can't drink this I think it's got a lot of Cedar um it is definitely like the old world kind of earthiness there's some cedar like you said I get a bunch of tobacco on it I get tons of tobacco this is one thing that stands out to me really to try it I'm dying too Cheers Cheers this still tastes pretty young to me I think there's still so much time on this it's kind of tight how long did we de can't uh so it's been almost 2 hours yeah I think and it's still cool mhm the temperature's still right it is the tannins are still such a thing such a presence yeah like mhm this has an exceptional long aftertaste oh yeah and it I think the Tans are sweeter at the end you know those little candies that are like dried blueberries with like Dusty cocoa chocolate wrapped around them that's what I'm getting okay and you guys say I'm the super taster that was a little nerdy maybe you guys made it seem like this was had harshness to it but I I didn't I didn't pick up any harshness whatsoever no I definitely don't think harsh is the way I would go but when I'm I'm feeling those those tannins and there's still a presence to them and like the way that it's coating my tongue not in a harsh way but in a there's there's it hasn't given it all up yet the one thing that strikes me about this wine is that it's very easy drinking super easy drinking I can confirm that kind of begs for can I just have one more sip please is that the wine or is that you I might be protecting my own feelings on the wi all right so I think we can safely say that it's ready for business but this will also be great in 10 years probably even better right yeah absolutely and if you want to know what happens uh with wine as it ages please watch our episode on aging and the impact of Aging all right Stacy what's next in this lineup let's break this up a little bit and taste the second one the LA foror the 2010 chatur Lor Grand wine is considered by many as a modern day classic and although I have some in my seller we figured the wine would be much too young to be opened right now instead we opted for the second wine Le for Lor the second wine is typically made from grapes outside the 47 hectar L claw Vineyard and other than using only half new Oak The Chateau told us the wine is treated exactly as the grand wine in order to create an exceptional second label Lor also makes a third one poak Lor from younger Vines but we will not be trying that today I know you said the 2000 was the darkest one but this honestly looks even darker to me I think that's cuz you drank some of the first one oh no they're both pretty dark I I actually will I will agree with you be I think this is really quite dark it's funny cuz they're very similar in the Blends right they both got about the same amount of cab but the second wine has warmer low well how is it made in terms of Aging this isn't designed to age for 30 40 years right these so they release each of these wines when they think they're ready to be drank and this wine gets released about 7 to 10 years the first wine gets released about 10 to 15 years so they're hanging on to these WI with the intention of this is when you should drink it way later is when you should drink this one this feels early to me but want to give it a dry yeah Cheers Cheers Cheers this kind of tastes a little harsh and a little one-dimensional and I think maybe just seems a little young to me I think it seems a little young I also think that the alcohol is a little out of balance mhm wine lovers know this that this happens to wines uh is there such thing as a dumb face and this feels like maybe not all the way to dumb face cuz that's really extraordinary when you have a wine that's like that but this feels like it's a little bit of a dumb face right cuz it hasn't developed any tertiary but it's it's kind of lost to fruit but it still has some tannins it's kind of an awkward stage it feels like it is a little bit I think you know uh we all get there I had braces and funky hair you know we all go through these periods where we're like growing up and like you're getting to the point where all of your pieces come together really nicely this one may still maybe still have some braces on it's just not quite perfect yet the second wies are not cheap yeah is that like not a great value think about all the other areas in the world where you can buy a $200 bottle of wine and get incredible wine so and we think about the fact that without throwing lure under the bus or any of these wineries that make a second wine what is the second wine this is them acquiring more property since 1855 when they were classified as a first first growth they've acquired new property is that part of their property as good as the LCL the the original Vineyard clearly not it is also younger Vines so they're not producing with quite as much concentration they aren't quite as mature so the fruit that's coming off of them isn't quite as good yeah but the cynical part of me also thinks that the winery sells the second wine because they can because of brand name and because they have Market power and because people when they want to buy if they don't want to spend $1,000 or can't spend $1,000 at least they can have like a sneak peek at $2 $300 and for me I just don't know if it's worth that personally I would give this a lot more time like I'm thinking like 5 years before I open the next one that was what I was going to say 5 years at least all right well what we have one more to go I think this is the one right let's put this 1990 up drum [Music] roll the 1990 Chula tour Grand wine was produced Ed prior to the acquisition by fro Pino in 1993 by all accounts 1990 was also a great year for Lor and Bordeaux in general and Robert Parker gave the one 98 points upon release in 1993 the chatau declined to confirm the final Blend or production volume to us so both represents our best guess based on other public information the one hiccup was that the cork in our bottle was saturated and they were signs of very small amounts of seepage really quite a bit of of of wine seage all the way and on this side you can see that it made it all the way through um this will be interesting however the fill level was good let's hope the bottle is too so this wine obviously we had the 1990 op we were so excited about that wine and it really was a stellar example of what Bordeaux can be there's a lot of high expectations coming in this yeah my expectations are Sky High the color on this one we have to all agree is not as dark as those first two M right this has seen age without knowing what it is or what vintage anything like that I would definitely guess that this has seen some age oh my gosh very different oh my gosh this is like old Bordeaux mhm I still get Cedar but I get tobacco I get leather I do not get the Earth of um ool like this that that kind of funkiness I don't get that do you no I get this is going to sound weird but I kind of get um really dark chocolate oo I'm into that Cheers M that's multi-dimensional oo I'm not upset about that no you are that's good wine okay no that's really good wine I'm not playing poker with him don't he won a tournament before good to know B I'm curious what you think well like I said it to me it's multi-dimensional so I'm tasting one thing and then it switches I taste another thing and then it switches again and I'm like whoa this is why you age it right because it it starts to bring out all of those flavors and it gives you more I think this is the magic of Bordeaux I mean this to me mhm is why I come back to Bordeaux yeah and why I'm a sucker for aging Bordeaux at the same time it's still not up to the 90 opron just let's just be clear that is still number one in my book true story true story but this is just so soft and round and good it is delightful how lucky are we oh my super gosh this is so cool um I want more of this what a treat it was to try three Lor wines from three different vintages although Lor's second one the 2010 LEF fora Lor is highly rated this particular bottle seemed to be in an awkward stage or dumb phase the primary fruit was not really there the tertiary Aromas had not yet developed and the tannins well they were still quite dominant we'll give this another 5 years to mellow out the 2000 was really soaring from the glass and felt r with a long long expansive aftertaste the tannins and acidity left in the wine suggest that this has many many years ahead of it it's crazy as it may sound it feels as if this wine is just entering its drinking window even after being open for 4 hours the wine continued to evolve and we all enjoyed it immensely with staks for dinner not surprisingly the 1990 was our favorite ours may not have been the perfect bottle but it was round complex and full of tobacco Cedar and leather Aromas may have nailed it when she commented on how multi-dimensional this wine was it was our favorite during our tasting after 3 hours however once we had packed up all our gear and we were ready to sit down and finish the last drops well the wine started to get a bit tired and it lost some of his warmth however this was still a memorable bottle of wine all right Jeff you want to come and have a chairs with us which one are you choosing Jeff the 1990 the 1990 I think it's a good decision I think it's pretty decent decision yeah I've seen you been drinking in the background cheers everyone thank you for watching cheers thank you cheers I love the fact a that she is starting to really appreciate good red one cuz it is it is magical

  Top Comments:
  1. @andersschyllert8107 [1 likes]: I'm also a succer for mature Bordeaux, last weekend I tasted a 1989 Lynch Bages and my circles were moved, it was absolutley stunning. I got it blind and I guessed 10-15 years old, it changed  my frame of reference after 30 years of serious red wine drinking!
  2. @mdubluyahoo [1 likes]: I’ve put my finger on one of the things I like about your channel.  Your dad is Will Ferrell.
  3. @Cyril98000: Hello, is that a Chateau Musar bottle behind the gentleman? Why don't you do a Lebanese wine tasting video?
  4. @TvonSch: 4:46 don't like the green hair person
  5. @stpd1957: I love this video.
  6. @rlkinnard: As Thomas Jefferson said, no wine pleases the American palate like Haut Brion.  But Latour can certainly hit the spot, too
  7. @NomenNescio99: Honestly, I think Pops started this channel just to have a reason to open the wine bottles he wants to drink anyway.
  8. @RockfordYappIII: Reminder…. 1990 was WS wine of the year!!!!
  9. @erikhernandez3418: You needed to decant like 4-8 hours the tannins are to gripy 🍷👅 the high alcohol also hides the flavor!  The 2nd vin should have been opened a lot earlier!
  10. @erikhernandez3418: 🍷🍇🍷
  11. @yonathanws2031: What kind of wine glasses and decanter do you use?
  12. @nosyrosie6947: A poor decision. Wasting your $$$ on Bordeaux.
  13. @cleftoftherock6797: Very nice! Just got a bottle of the 1990.
  14. @markstephens2137: Great video guys!! The Forts ‘10 has been inconsistent, but the best of the 3 I’ve had over the last year was a knockout. Hold for 5 years I think.
  15. @matteoingrao6080: Would like to see french burgundy video
  16. @matteoingrao6080: Great video has always not a big fan of French cab
  17. @kennynggg: Question: what glasses are you guys using for your tasting?
  18. @markntexas8265: B way to lean into one ofthe most magical relationships in nature that of father and daughter
  19. @jordanbellow7860: Where did you get your wine glasses from your First Growth Bordeaux and Brunello Di Montalcino videos?
  20. @kennethlarsen-p5u: Hei where did you buy the strain equipment while pour over the wine in the decanting

- THE BORDEAUX WINE REGION WHAT YOU DON'T KNOW: Kind: captions Language: en good morning guys today Sunday and I find myself in the back very luxurious Jaguar XJ that is because I'm heading to Bordeaux to the South of France with Lori old man and I'm actually taking it is that today because Lori autumn just seems to be new vitala French red and within that they use of an extract from one of the vines in the Bordeaux region so we're gonna go out there there's also gonna be the game of Thrones actor Jamie Lannister there I think we're gonna just cheer with him and play some football and wine tasting and starts that's to be pretty cool I don't watch Game of Thrones it's gonna be a little bit lost of me I'm sure people watch Game of Thrones and be like that's pretty cool yeah looking forward to it's gonna be a very quick 24 hour turnaround because ever flying back tomorrow around about 5 p.m. so it's gonna be a quick one but the weather's supposed to be in its 30s I looking for tele-bears son into a sub France sometimes it's a bit narrow actually so yeah I'm looking forward to it the guy's gonna come on the train riots have just landed got an hour-and-a-half drive down to Bordeaux and picked up and the Mercedes c-class it's s-class long wheelbase lots of extra legroom we're looking nice in here and it smells very good let's get busy we have just arrived to the hotel and timewise we are a little bit delayed a flight coming in was a little bit delayed which is a little bit of a shame because it means very rush rush I've got to get ready because this evening we're gonna be heading to the rooftop some rooftop drinks but I've arrived and lore'l men have left us a lovely vital if gift so Jaime Lannister from games of Thrones has joined Lori I'm an expert so he's going to be joining us here in Bordeaux and it looks like they've left me some of the vital lift red which I'm yet to try so very excited to try this stuff this is a moisturiser this is an eye cream and this is a moisturiser as well so this is a gel and then this will be a cream and then this will be an eye cream I believe but it's in French so I can't tell you for sure they've also dropped off this top this vintage on it from Maison Labiche probably said that wrong but it looks very nice a Thank You L'Oreal for the gifts I'm literally going to unpack myself super quickly I mean my Batman mask was Star Wars mask and yeah head up to the rooftop making the most of that beautiful Sun so before i quickly shoot you upstairs to the rooftop i thought i'd show you guys what I'm wearing so I've gone for this sort of like light blue soft cotton shirt from Rhys and then I've got some white jeans on from Zara and then I've also got some brown loafers so yeah that's this evening's attire pretty summery and then I've got my Cutler and gross sunglasses on but I'm gonna head up now and enjoy the evening and yeah let's do this [Music] good morning everybody so um yeah I've just been down for breakfast breakfast was pretty decent had a little buffet going on downstairs quite dark down there which some would say is quite nice in the morning because it's not too bright for your eyes but it did feel like a little bit like we were in a cave a herb but anyway breakfast was good Phil refueled had a great night's sleep actually last night so happy days but today is going to be very exciting because we're gonna be heading to a chateau and then we're going to be doing a little vineyard tour inside carts or in these kind of I don't know what they're called debated like cars with the roofs cut off no not convertible slightly different well a golf buggy with no roof I think but a bit bigger but anyway we're gonna be going around the vineyard doing a little tour and then I think we're gonna be doing some wine tasting and then might be a little kick about with Niccolo who's Jaime Lannister from the game Thrones and then we're gonna be having a picnic and then it'll be time to head back but we're set to have amazing weather is supposed to be super hot today so yeah I'm looking forward to just being out in the Sun enjoying some wine with some good people so yeah looking forward to it should be a good one last night actually was really nice we had dinner on the rooftop the sunset was insane and fortunate I didn't bring this camera with me because if would have really shown up nicely but it was just so like deep and red and rich and watching the sunset over all the buildings was just incredible so yeah it was lovely evening nice spot but yeah today just getting ready to pack outs as I said it was like a 24 hour trip so we're already checking out but yes nearly there I brought a lot of shoes considering I've only been away a couple of days you know me but yeah I'm gonna go downstairs meet the rest of the guys and then we're gonna head off out so we just arrived to the vineyard and our vehicles are waiting and so we've got he's kind of like four-by-fours I was talking about that I'd like the cut off roof and then over here we've got the bikes with the side carts as well so yeah it's gonna be good yes Tommy Boy he's got all the cover on already oh you're alive come here Tommy I'm messing about East rated Nate does deuce the part yes brother I like the color of that one caramel so we're just taking a little stop when I wade through the vineyards me and Harvey and their yeah we're just gonna head now for lunch I think and a bit of wine tasting so yeah we're gonna enjoy the motorbike and sidecar the rest of the journey yes gonna be good it's got the - these are actually cars they're not buggies go for it was of their cars very summer [Applause] enjoy that 1/2 yeah I don't know yeah they're gay though we've pulled the bikes up and we've arrived to the chateau as you can see little Oreo MINIX both sides taken over we've literally just stopped over here in this huge courtyard as you can see behind me it's absolutely massive and yeah we're gonna go for a little bit of wine tasting now which is very exciting because we are in the Bordeaux region which is very famous for vineyards and wineries to produce amazing wines here in fact Louie Vuitton and Chanel both have their own vineyards here which we drove past on the way down this is a serious serious place for wine the policy nice just going through the vineyard tour at the moment and we've just been talking about basically the way in which they farm these and how important the soil and the water and stuff is to making the best one possible and as you can see at the end of all these aisles there is roses beautiful one just there and basically the roses are used because back in the day before they had the technology to detect whether there was awareness or disease the roses used to die three weeks before it would affect the vines so it was a good sign that they need to go renourish and look after the vines so they still do this apt edition because hey looks amazing - it's a great tradition but they have new technology now to ensure that they detect any issues with the soil or any sort of infections or diseases that can get onto the vines so yeah nice little fact for you from GM in London and yeah we're going to continue our little tour the rest of the tree everyone enjoying it what does nice comes now that right there is knowledge that's a fact oh wow so this is going to be pretty spectacular actually because this is where they might rack will serve the wine wow that it's insane so we are back in the Jaguar XJ and that wraps up my little adventure to Bordeaux in France today was really nice actually we headed to st. Emilion where we went to the chateau so hard it's probably a really bad pronunciation but I had to go and yeah we enjoyed some wine tasting Nicola was there Jaime Lannister to play a little bit for tea and yeah I just really enjoyed it and it was an amazing that actually to take Lydia's dad Harvey with us because it was a good bonding session for us and he's a big wine lover so you had an amazing time as well so massive thank you tomorrow I'm an expert for taking us to Bordeaux and also introducing us to the vital if range as I said I think earlier on on video the vital if range contains extract from the vines so they got some anti-aging properties in them and so that's why we went to France it wasn't just encountering wine have fun there was a link there so if you want to check out any of the vital products or leave a link so it's down below perfect anti-aging apparently hence why the daddies came with us but yeah it was a great great trip I'm heading back now because got a very busy week ahead of me so I go back and see lids and yeah I say thank you for watching I hope you've enjoyed this video enjoy the luxuries of this car and I'll see you next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @judithmelvin7392 [2 likes]: I really enjoy your videos. I love how you edit them and they're not just on you at all times. Also here in Texas the vineyards plant roses for that exact same reason. It looks pretty but also serves a purpose.
  2. @Anthony.Marinelli [2 likes]: Where are your tortoise shell sun glasses from?? 😊
  3. @ananyaroy4264 [2 likes]: Wow! Congratulations on your 100k. Today I noticed that u already achieved this milestone :)
  4. @justm6382 [2 likes]: So lucky! My mom has to drive her Jag XJ8 herself. :)
  5. @georginagreaves6373 [1 likes]: Hey Ali... are planning to do another look book for the fall season... or sooner then that? like them lots. :0)
  6. @Omeetrs [1 likes]: Please do a designer collection of pieces you have & love!!
  7. @4133EWvianen [1 likes]: Bullshit!!!!
  8. @thelisafitlife [1 likes]: Always love your editing Ali! Your music choice is always perfect for the setting!
  9. @mermaid6401 [1 likes]: wow I am sad for the people who are not watching this video! Amazing :))))))
  10. @TK-gy7ci [1 likes]: Can you do an updated office tour?
  11. @marjan3010 [1 likes]: Massive Thanks to you for Vloging this trip. It is obvious that you are stylish but I have to say that Lydia's dad looked very good too. Loreal has very good skin care products.
  12. @Lishy915 [1 likes]: Love the filiming, your style is so great! Hope you go back to Bordeaux soon
  13. @MetaMM [1 likes]: So sophisticated on all aspects.
  14. @TheTeamala [1 likes]: welcome to my city, try to drink the best vine the world :)
  15. @abdullahhuss [1 likes]: Another exquisite video, Ali 👌🏻
  16. @prettywittycrazy8204 [1 likes]: Hello from Bordeaux! Hope you enjoy the place :)
  17. @sheilafinnell347 [1 likes]: Hey Ali! You always get to ride in the most insane cars and go to the most beautiful places. Loved this video!🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇
  18. @kleec0203 [1 likes]: Oh no a video on the Bordeaux region and I don't have wine in the house sighs.
  19. @Elizabethe666: Amazing video, great work!
  20. @carmelatte4101: What an incredible place!

wow

http://carmelatte.co/

- What Are People Wearing in New York? (Fashion Trends 2026 NYC Spring Street Style Ep.216): Kind: captions Language: en-US What are you wearing? I am wearing So the hat&nbsp; is color. what's your name? pō’edik. pō’edik in&nbsp;&nbsp; the. And what's your name? Cozy Raf. Cozy&nbsp; Raf. Very dope outfit. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is dope.&nbsp; Uh, my homie Dagye. This is tank top.&nbsp;&nbsp; $5 durag from the Africans. Um, lil'&nbsp; denim jean. Nice little jean. Chrome&nbsp;&nbsp; Hearts. Chrome hearts. And ProjectGR. Um, nice&nbsp; little accessories, band crease, foam rings,&nbsp;&nbsp; the IG for people that want to check out yourself.&nbsp; @CozyRaf. Let's go. Thank you so much. What's up,&nbsp;&nbsp; y'all? This is Dev. We're in New York City. We're&nbsp; going to see what people are wearing. Make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you like and subscribe. Let's go. And what's your&nbsp; name? Ajay Porter. Ajay in the house. Very dope&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit. Unique. @mysteryfashionist out here. What&nbsp; are you wearing? This is very cool. We got a hat&nbsp;&nbsp; made by me. We got Gentle Monster. Uh, blazer by&nbsp; me. uh Uniqlo little shirt. Uh Steve Aoki gifted&nbsp;&nbsp; me this One Piece scarf. And then we got Y3 on&nbsp; the pants. JW Anderson. And then Giorgio Armani. You forgot about the baguette. Like you said it.&nbsp; You said it. Yeah. It's a It's a real baguette.&nbsp;&nbsp; One style tip you want to give to the world.&nbsp; Yeah. So this is something I heard from a guest&nbsp;&nbsp; in my show, Mystery Fashionist. Your mind is&nbsp; a muscle. You got to train it when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; outfits. Train your mind. Thank you so much.&nbsp; Check them out. Mystery Fashions. And what's&nbsp;&nbsp; your name? My name is Winta. Winta in the house.&nbsp; Dope outfit. New York City killing it. What are&nbsp;&nbsp; you wearing? This is dope. I'm wearing this is&nbsp; Revolve. This top pants are also Revolve. Cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; Shoes are Abercrombie. Nice. Super cute. Belt is&nbsp; Abercrombie. Purse is Abercrombie. Incredible.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes. One thing that you want to do 2026. One&nbsp; thing I want to do is definitely put myself&nbsp;&nbsp; out there. Yeah. Yeah. cuz I feel like I've been&nbsp; kind of sheltered and like not doing anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially living in New York. There's so&nbsp; much to do and so many people to meet. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that's my goal for 2026. Amazing goal. Thank&nbsp; you so much. And what's your name? Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's up? I'm Glodell Dreams. Glodell in the&nbsp; house. Very dope outfit. New York City. Killing&nbsp;&nbsp; it. What are you wearing? This is very cool. All&nbsp; right. Today I got on one of my friends hats. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; from LA. He just he just uh gave me the hat. So I&nbsp; was like, yeah, I have this one in white and green&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. So it's just a cool trucker hat. 24K&nbsp; BAPE hoodie. You don't see that too often. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; not it's not an everyday thing. Nope. Right now, I&nbsp; got a Supreme X NorthFace jacket collab from like&nbsp;&nbsp; 2018. I thrifted this one from uh Second Street&nbsp; Soho. Uh 99percenters pants from the Wormway,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2018 as well. Got the Uptowns with the removable,&nbsp; you know, velcro. That's tough. I didn't know&nbsp;&nbsp; that. Yeah. Oh, these are you can change the&nbsp; colors. It came with like five colors, so you&nbsp;&nbsp; can change those. And I'm It's not the regular&nbsp; old Black ones. And the bag. And the bag. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is gifty from Puma from the Slipstream collection.&nbsp; Very, you know, I just I carry my stuff in here,&nbsp;&nbsp; my essentials, you know, regular day. And check&nbsp; out his designs. Uh, where can people find you&nbsp;&nbsp; on IG? @GlodellDreams and my brand is called&nbsp; @NYCVibez with a Z at the end. Let's go. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much. Appreciate you. And what's your&nbsp; name? Uh, my name is Taiye. And your name as&nbsp;&nbsp; well? Rocki Ozai. Nice to meet both of you. Very&nbsp; dope outfits. New York City. I'll start with&nbsp;&nbsp; you. What are you wearing? This is dope. Okay. I&nbsp; fed this jacket. Um, we just went to go see the&nbsp;&nbsp; Michael Jackson movie and this reminds me of the&nbsp; thriller jacket. So, I put this on. These are my&nbsp;&nbsp; gloves. Cool. @robertprovilus scarf. Got this in&nbsp; Kenya. Awesome. Don't know what the top is. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is like just athleisure. And then these are Basia.&nbsp; Basic. Yes, absolutely. What are you wearing as&nbsp;&nbsp; well? I'm also wearing Robert Provilus. This&nbsp; little vest. Got these pant shorts in Korea and&nbsp;&nbsp; the bag. Oh, yeah. And I got this bag in Morocco&nbsp; like maybe two weeks ago. Incredible outfits.&nbsp;&nbsp; Check them out in the description below. IG's.&nbsp; Thank y'all so much. And what's your name? Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fashion... Wait. Hello. Hello? Obama? Hold on.&nbsp; Doing an interview. Yeah, I call you back. Very&nbsp;&nbsp; fire outfit. Mr. Fashion, what are you wearing?&nbsp; This is dope. A little a little nice burgundy from&nbsp;&nbsp; Depop. You know what I mean? Cool. We call that We&nbsp; call it jewelry. What time is it? You know what I&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Shout out some profit vintage and you know&nbsp; it the pearls is always a must. You must trust.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know what I'm saying? Shout out Greasy NYC.&nbsp; Shout out my shout out Mamacita. Come on now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't be shy baby. You know what I'm saying? Jaded&nbsp; London on the belt. The bling bling blow. You know&nbsp;&nbsp; what I mean? Come on man. The vintage Coach&nbsp; bigosh. This man going crazy. This is actually&nbsp;&nbsp; from Gap Factory man. walked in, seen it, had to&nbsp; get it. Shout out Mark Nolan and the Steppers.&nbsp;&nbsp; @MarkNolanOfficial. Thank you so much, boss. And&nbsp; what's your name? pō’edik. pō’edik in the house.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the flyest New York City. What are you&nbsp; wearing? This is cool. I'm wearing some Fried&nbsp;&nbsp; Rice NYC double pleated uh trousers. Cool. I'm&nbsp; wearing some thrifted Coach uh sneakers. Really,&nbsp;&nbsp; really old. They were my mom's. Nice. This is&nbsp; also thrifted. Uh my mom's leather vest. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; a thrifted top that says keep on fluting. Nice.&nbsp; And the hat. I don't know where I got this from.&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably a street vender though. Earrings from the&nbsp; beauty supply. And yeah. Cool. You're an amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; artist. Check them out. @po.edik on Instagram in&nbsp; the description below. And uh, last but not least,&nbsp;&nbsp; one big goal that you have in 2026. Oo. To just&nbsp; keep making and dropping amazing music and being&nbsp;&nbsp; able to share space with community. Sounds&nbsp; good to me. Thank you so much. Thank you. And what's your name? I'm Demetrios. Demetrios&nbsp; in the house. Dope outfit. New York City. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is cool. What are you wearing? This is awesome.&nbsp; Uh this is a Mad Max Billionaire Boys Club. Cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I got my Melos, LaMelo Ball here. LaMelo.&nbsp; Let's go. the the members only Spongebob gym&nbsp;&nbsp; top. I love it. And my uh Wow. to-do list. It's&nbsp; from Golden Inferno. This is so cool. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; so interesting. And what are you sitting&nbsp; on as well? I'm having a Starbucks. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; we won't tell. We won't tell. Sweetness. Do you&nbsp; have an IG where people can follow you to check&nbsp;&nbsp; out your style? Yeah, I'm @demea63. Let's go.&nbsp; Thank you so much. And what's your name? Taj.&nbsp;&nbsp; And your name as well? Jade. Nice to meet both of&nbsp; you. Very dope outfits. New York City. I'll start&nbsp;&nbsp; with you. What are you wearing? Um, right now&nbsp; I'm wearing everything is thrifted. Bell bottoms,&nbsp;&nbsp; flannel, Los Angeles apparel zip, and a Stella&nbsp; McCartney FLLA bag. I got a Saint Laurent jacket,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, vintage t-shirt, ann demeulemeester pants and&nbsp; y'all killing it. U, last but not least, something&nbsp;&nbsp; you really want to do 2026. Be more compassionate,&nbsp; make more art, and travel more. Okay, dope. And&nbsp;&nbsp; what would you say as well? Say travel more and&nbsp; live my life. Live your life. Check them out&nbsp;&nbsp; on IG description below. Thank you so much. And&nbsp; what's your name? Denny Jersey City. What's up?&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's go. Very cool outfit. What are you wearing?&nbsp; Vintage Levis's Banana Republic. Vintage vest. JW&nbsp;&nbsp; Anderson. Vintage tie. Vintage Gucci. This is a&nbsp; tote bag. People would say it's a purse. purse&nbsp;&nbsp; or tote bag? Got it. And uh some frames. Custom&nbsp; ring. John Hardy. Seiko wedding ring. Let's go.&nbsp;&nbsp; Shout out to Mary M. Thank you so much. And&nbsp; wishing I'm Madison. Madison in the house.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dope outfit. New York City. Killing it. What are&nbsp; you wearing? This is um mainly thrifted. Uh this&nbsp;&nbsp; is thrifted. Thrifted. Nordstrom rack. Nordstrom&nbsp; rack. Um, thrifted bangles. Nice. Thrifted. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you an artist? Are you a designer? I'm a&nbsp; singer. A singer. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a singer. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I kind of do a lot of things. I'm a singer. I have&nbsp; a label. I'm a paralegal. Okay. And what's your&nbsp;&nbsp; artist name for people that want to know? Madison&nbsp; Larae. Madison (@_madisonlarae). And then last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least, uh, big goal in 2026. Do what I enjoy&nbsp; and do it well. Do what you enjoy and do it well,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. And what's&nbsp; your name? I'm Bri. And your name is I'm Ashley.&nbsp;&nbsp; Nice to meet both of you. Very dope outfits.&nbsp; New York City. I'll start with you. What are&nbsp;&nbsp; you wearing? I am wearing a Max B Supreme&nbsp; t-shirt. Shout out Max B. Max in the house.&nbsp;&nbsp; The shorts from GU. Believe it or not, they're&nbsp; short. And the shoes. Uh these are Supreme uh&nbsp;&nbsp; Air Bacon. Nice. Okay. Everything's Supreme.&nbsp; Everything Supreme. Everything Supreme. Me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have this cute little shirt I just got yesterday&nbsp; at um a small store in Soho. I believe it's called&nbsp;&nbsp; Pearl Market. Oh yeah. Very cool. Go check&nbsp; them out. It's a really big Asian market.&nbsp;&nbsp; Got them off of there. These pants, these cool&nbsp; lots. I got them from Uniqlo I believe in the&nbsp;&nbsp; brown colorway. And then just some tabby style&nbsp; ballet flavor. Straight off of Amazon. Nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; crazy. And a matcha on my hand from Blank Street.&nbsp; Listen, matcha as well. Matcha as well. Matcha.&nbsp;&nbsp; We matcha twins. Matcha. Team matcha. Last but not&nbsp; least, one thing you appreciate about this person. No, this is like really my sister throw. Like I&nbsp; love her so down. She's there for me like always,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time. And obviously we can get a&nbsp; fly together so like it's perfect. Honestly,&nbsp;&nbsp; just the the friendship and the loyalty and just&nbsp; the realness. That's so sweet. I love my girl.&nbsp;&nbsp; I love her. What would you say as well? She is&nbsp; literally an angel. I just want to say that she's&nbsp;&nbsp; an angel. She is super genuine, kindhearted,&nbsp; looks out for any and everybody. So yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; literally the sweetest person I've ever met. I&nbsp; love you. A beautiful about to make me cry. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you all so much. And what's your name? Emily. And&nbsp; your name as well? Sonia. Nice to meet both of&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Very cool outfits. New York City. Killing&nbsp; it. I'll start with you. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; So this is from gimaguas. Awesome. And this is&nbsp; also from gimaguas. I got it in Spain and got in&nbsp;&nbsp; Madrid. The boots are from from me. from Penelope&nbsp; Chilvers. Really good British brand and it's very&nbsp;&nbsp; comfy. I love it. And the glasses as well. Well,&nbsp; Chanel. So Chanel in the house. You're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be classy. And what are you wearing as well?&nbsp; So I'm also wearing Chanel glasses as you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see. Cool. And the top. I don't really know the&nbsp; brand. I bought from Sonia. This is my top. Um&nbsp;&nbsp; it's called from Nia Ray. It's a Serbian British&nbsp; designer. Skirt I just literally got it from a&nbsp;&nbsp; vintage shop in Copenhagen. and their shoes from&nbsp; French. So, love it. Last but not least, one thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that you appreciate about this person right here.&nbsp; Ooh, you go. She's always so positive. She's like&nbsp;&nbsp; my big sister and when I'm down, you know, she's&nbsp; always there. That's beautiful. And then what&nbsp;&nbsp; would you say as well? She's got money, so it's&nbsp; easy to match the energy. That's good. Big money&nbsp;&nbsp; in the house. Thank you all so much. And what's&nbsp; Hi, I'm Sid. And your name as well? Aaliyah. Nice&nbsp;&nbsp; to meet both of you. Very cool outfits. New York&nbsp; City. I'll start with you. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; What would you say? All right. I'll start with&nbsp; the eyewear. Cool. Um, vintage Versace. Nice. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; Skims. Cool. @Zicmade. @ZickMade. Made out here.&nbsp; Girbaud. Maris. Francois. Girbaud. Okay. And city&nbsp;&nbsp; bag. Balenciaga. Love it. What are you wearing&nbsp; as well? God leather jacket. LA Apparel tanks&nbsp;&nbsp; and gimaguas. I always forget how to say that.&nbsp; Yeah. Here we go. All good. Um and then Stodd&nbsp;&nbsp; on the pants, Adidas on the sneakers fire.&nbsp; Very cool. And then just my Paloma Wool bag&nbsp;&nbsp; to throw my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in. Very tight. One thing you&nbsp; want to do 2026. Definitely get the prototypes&nbsp;&nbsp; for my eyewear brand. Okay. And and where can&nbsp; people find your eyewear brand? @phageseyewear,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm in the developmental stages, so I'll just&nbsp; say that. Okay. And what about yourself? Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm in physical therapy right now for like a hand&nbsp; injury, spine injury. So, my goal is to like heal,&nbsp;&nbsp; strengthen my core, and like get back to being&nbsp; fit. I love that. Yes. Thank you both so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; Incredible outfits, incredible dreams. Have a nice&nbsp; day. And what's your name? Jiraurd. Nice to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; you. It's very dope outfit. New York City killing&nbsp; it. What are you wearing? This is cool. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; right now I got on this polo. this polo. Little&nbsp; Double RL on the shirt. Double RL on the belt.&nbsp;&nbsp; Nice Double RL on the boots. Need some little&nbsp; vintage. Uh I got these from Williamsburg. A&nbsp;&nbsp; little vintage. And then uh some Saint Laurent.&nbsp; One thing you want to do in 2026. What would you&nbsp;&nbsp; say? 2026. Absolutely. Um travel more. And where&nbsp; would you go next? Thailand. Thailand. Thailand&nbsp;&nbsp; in your future. Thank you so much. Thank you so&nbsp; much, man. Nice to meet you. And what's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; My name is Quentin Fears. Quinton in the house.&nbsp; Very dope outfit, by the way. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is very cool.&nbsp; I'm wearing um Aime Leon Dore. Awesome. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; thrift store find. Cool. This is actually Free&nbsp; Assembly Walmart. Nice. This is Ralph Lauren.&nbsp;&nbsp; Double RL. RL. Free assembly Walmart again. Love&nbsp; it. RTA. RTA. And then Axel Arigato. These are&nbsp;&nbsp; ones I would call. Yeah. One style tip you would&nbsp; give to the world. You know what? Be yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; play with color, and have fun. Let's go. Thank&nbsp; you so much. What's your name? Hi, my name is&nbsp;&nbsp; Uriah. Nice to meet you. Very dope outfit,&nbsp; by the way. New York City. And what are you&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing? This is cool. So, I'm wearing a I don't&nbsp; know where this shirt is from. Um it's Milan,&nbsp;&nbsp; Italy. Um the pants are Asics. The shoes. Don't&nbsp; remember where I got these. Those are dope. The&nbsp;&nbsp; bag I This is thrifted. And then I have like a&nbsp; bunch of jewelry on for my grandma and Very dope.&nbsp;&nbsp; And uh are you an artist? Are you a designer? I am&nbsp; a model. A model in the house. Last but not least,&nbsp;&nbsp; big goal 2026. The biggest goal to graduate. I&nbsp; am a college student and that's my main goal to&nbsp;&nbsp; graduate in June. Small girls for the win. Thank&nbsp; you so much. And what's your name? Jesse. Nice to&nbsp;&nbsp; meet you, Jesse. Dope outfit as well. New York&nbsp; City. And what are you wearing this week? Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I have a diesel coat. Oh, got this Serbia Hills&nbsp; Edward bag. Nice touch. Um, this top is thrifted&nbsp;&nbsp; skirts drifted. These are Nike leggings. And&nbsp; these are drifted socks as well. Like something&nbsp;&nbsp; you really want to do in 2026. Something that's&nbsp; like 2026. Something I really want to do. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would say world peace, but we not doing that&nbsp; in a year. So, right. Okay, cool. And then your&nbsp;&nbsp; IG for people that want to check out your stuff.&nbsp; Yes, @tochi.mahi. Awesome. Thank you so much. And&nbsp;&nbsp; what's your name? Joshua. Nice to meet you. Very&nbsp; dope outfit. New York City. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is cool. Margiela jacket that I got at one&nbsp; of the sample sales. Regular shirt. These pants,&nbsp;&nbsp; funny enough, uh my friend got gave to me today&nbsp; for my birthday. So, I'm wearing them. These are&nbsp;&nbsp; a pair of Tivy pants. And then these are a pair&nbsp; of Margiela that I got. And last but not least,&nbsp;&nbsp; the shades. Oh, these are Tom Ford shades. These&nbsp; are the Wendy shades. Also, happy birthday. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much. Have a good one. And what's your&nbsp; name? I'm schylar. schylar in the house. Dope&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit. What are you wearing? New York City. Okay.&nbsp; I'm wearing a Jalen Hurts jersey. It's draft day.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then I also have a Polo Ralph Lauren uh&nbsp; button-down. And then I have some vintage Tommy&nbsp;&nbsp; Hilfiger pants and some exclusive Boardroom KDs.&nbsp; Incredible. Thank you. You're into sports. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; very much so. Favorite player? Kevin Durant.&nbsp; KD. DMV. Let's go. And last but not least, um,&nbsp;&nbsp; one thing you want to do in 2026. Um, I have&nbsp; a coffee brand, so I want my coffee brand to&nbsp;&nbsp; pop off. Okay, cool. And then, um, IG for your&nbsp; coffee brand. Oh, uh, @downaisle12. Down aisle&nbsp;&nbsp; 12. Let's go. In the description. Thank you so&nbsp; much. And what's your name? Quay. Street. Quay&nbsp;&nbsp; in the house. Street Style by Quay in the house.&nbsp; Best photographer in New York City. What are you&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing? This is dope. Um, I'm wearing a good&nbsp; friend of mine. This is MANGY. Nice. I got on&nbsp;&nbsp; HAIDER ACKERMANN. under uniqlo heat tech just in&nbsp; case I get chilly later. This is like a womenswear&nbsp;&nbsp; pair of pants. The no brand. Um, cool. Yeah. And&nbsp; then also these boots is from eBay, but it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; uh just traditional like uh cowboy boots. This&nbsp; is tough. This is tough. And the camera as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; Camera. So, I'm shooting on the Sony A74. Nice.&nbsp; And this the lens is the Sigma 7200. If you need&nbsp;&nbsp; a photo in New York City, you hit this person up.&nbsp; Nobody else. Just this person. Thank you so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; One more in the club, too. Life is good. Life is&nbsp; good. What's your name? christel. christel in the&nbsp;&nbsp; house. Very dope outfit by the way. New York&nbsp; City. Uh, what are you wearing? This is very&nbsp;&nbsp; dope. I am wearing some army shorts, a graphic&nbsp; crop top. I love a small top, big pant moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and some Awesome. Cool. And the bag as well. The&nbsp; bag is thrifted and I added a couple charms. I&nbsp;&nbsp; love customizing and upycling. Cool. And then you&nbsp; got the New DAZED Magazine. We got the New Dazed&nbsp;&nbsp; Magazine. Dazed Mag. One thing that you want to do&nbsp; 2026. What would you say? Elevate in all aspects,&nbsp;&nbsp; all categories. Let's go. Connect. Create. I love&nbsp; it. Thank you so much. And what's your name? Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; my name is Jordyn Taylor. Jordyn the house. Very&nbsp; cool outfit. New York City. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is cool. Um, I am wearing Tommy Hilfiger.&nbsp; ALC on the jacket. Um, some New Balances. Nice.&nbsp;&nbsp; Love the New Balance. Thank you. They're they're&nbsp; real dirty. Don't get too close. All good. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then just Soho Street finds. I love it. And&nbsp; the bag, by the way. Honestly, it was it was a&nbsp;&nbsp; secondhand find, so I have no idea who or what&nbsp; this is. Nice touch. Um, last but not least,&nbsp;&nbsp; something you really want to do in 2026. Something&nbsp; something I really want to do in 2026. Um, well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm moving to LA for the summer, so not go&nbsp; crazy. Would be really nice in 2026. Enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; the LA time. Thank you. I appreciate it. And&nbsp; what's your name? Callina. Callina Liang in the&nbsp;&nbsp; house. Very dope outfit, by the way, in New York&nbsp; City. Uh, what are you wearing? This is cool. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; my jacket is from Aritzia. My jeans are from this&nbsp; brand called Bad Blood. It's a Korean brand. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing um mizuno's. Nice. Cool. And thrifted this&nbsp; from Depop. Nice find. Cool. Yeah. Something you&nbsp;&nbsp; really want to do in 2026. 2026. Yes. Big goal.&nbsp; Big goal. Absolutely. Damn. You just like threw&nbsp;&nbsp; this on me, man. Literally. Uh, eat good.&nbsp; Eat good. Once you want to recommend people,&nbsp;&nbsp; do I want to recommend people? My favorite thing&nbsp; is frozen yogurt. So, like, go have some frozen&nbsp;&nbsp; yogurt. Absolutely. Thank you so much. And wish&nbsp; him. Hi, I'm Ale Alejandra. Nice to meet you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very cool outfit by the way. New York City. What&nbsp; are you wearing? This is cool. So, I'm wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; full outfit from Sara. And this is like these&nbsp; baggy pants inside the boots. And you say it's&nbsp;&nbsp; fly as well. And sunglasses. Cool. And well, yeah,&nbsp; some random accessories. Um, last but not least,&nbsp;&nbsp; one style tip you want to give to the world. Just&nbsp; don't care like what people think. Don't care what&nbsp;&nbsp; people think. Yeah. Thank you so much. And what's&nbsp; your name? Mariana. Nice to meet you. Very dope&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit, by the way. New York City. Uh, what are&nbsp; you wearing? This is school. Oh, this is my daddy&nbsp;&nbsp; t-shirt. Okay. Nice. Yeah. Um, Tims. Yeah. This&nbsp; I don't know how can I say in English. I'm sorry,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. I'm from Brazil. Yeah, my shorts. Yeah, my&nbsp; English not so good, but I'm so happy to be here&nbsp;&nbsp; and I love your channel. Thank you so much. Thank&nbsp; you so much. Check out her accessories, too. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Earrings. Earrings. Oh, thank you. Thank you&nbsp; so much. Thank you. What's your name? You already&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's Raydeo. You feel me? @RaydeoWorld&nbsp; in the house. Dope fit. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is dope. Right now,&nbsp; I'm wearing the Lee jacket, women's jacket,&nbsp;&nbsp; extra large crop. Got the, you know, Mana jewelry&nbsp; as always. Got the Pokemon Fire Emblem. Very cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; You feel me? Got the rings as always. You&nbsp; know what I'm saying? Got the pins, you dig?&nbsp;&nbsp; And then got the hat and got the stay easy. I love&nbsp; it. You feel me? He just gave me this today. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; here. And the shoes. The custom Reebok. We love&nbsp; those. Keith Aaron. And then we got to hit them&nbsp;&nbsp; with the bar of soap by Nigel Sylvester. The bar&nbsp; of soap. Check them out. R A Y D E O world. Raydeo&nbsp;&nbsp; world. Thank you so much. What's your name? I'm&nbsp; Mo. Mo in the house. Dope outfit. New York City.&nbsp;&nbsp; Killing it. What are you wearing? This is cool.&nbsp; Um, so I'm wearing my friend's brand, Rebels,&nbsp;&nbsp; out cam. This is abercrombie that my friends&nbsp; gave me Nike 95s. Oh, thrifted leather jacket&nbsp;&nbsp; boss hoodie. And I forgot my earrings today. So,&nbsp; what do you do? What do you like to do? What would&nbsp;&nbsp; you say? Um, I work in event production and&nbsp; fashion. Awesome. Yeah, shop girl. You're a&nbsp;&nbsp; shop girl. And last but not least, uh, something&nbsp; you really want to do 2026? Building my savings&nbsp;&nbsp; up. So like this year is all about making money&nbsp; honestly. Saving it up. Yeah. Thank you so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; And what's your name? Will Moon. Will Moon in&nbsp; the house. Always fly. Always killing it. New&nbsp;&nbsp; York City. What are you wearing? So I got on a&nbsp; nice Kapital long sleeve. Let me show you some&nbsp;&nbsp; smiley faces. Nice. Okay. Got the elbow padding&nbsp; on that. Got my Issey Miyake blazer that I've&nbsp;&nbsp; been wearing quite often. Cool. Nice lapels. Love&nbsp; it. Same denim as always to Monday. Good Levis's.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cool. Some nice uh hiking shoes I think I got&nbsp; for like eight bucks. Love those as well. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the glasses. Ray-B bands classic wafers. And I&nbsp; got right here a new addition. This is uh this&nbsp;&nbsp; is my mom's watch. And I actually scratched this&nbsp; up biking like 7 years ago and my dad just got it&nbsp;&nbsp; back for me. That's what I got on. And you're&nbsp; an amazing stylist. What's your IG for people&nbsp;&nbsp; that want to check you out? @Will_moon. Let's&nbsp; go. Thank you so much. And what's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; Chetachi. Nice to meet you. Very dope outfit. New&nbsp; York City. Uh what are you wearing? This is very&nbsp;&nbsp; cool. Uh this is vintage Columbia. Nice. Um from&nbsp; the 1990s. Cool. And the suit I have underneath&nbsp;&nbsp; is Suit Supply. Tie. Suit Supply. Shirt is Suit&nbsp; Supply. Cool. Shoes are Shoot Supply. Yeah. Cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then I love the accessories on the ring. Uh,&nbsp; yes. This is emerald emerald ring. I got it at a&nbsp;&nbsp; vintage shop in Connecticut as well as this one.&nbsp; Hands are a little ashy. You're all good. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; but yeah, I also got that in the same vintage&nbsp; shop. Something you really want to do in 2026.&nbsp;&nbsp; MMA. MMA. Yeah, mixed martial artists. Don't fight&nbsp; me. I won't. Thank you so much. Of course. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; cool. And what's your name? Hi, I'm Chin. Nice&nbsp; to meet you. Very cool outfit. By the way, New&nbsp;&nbsp; York City. And uh what are you wearing? This is uh&nbsp; I'm wearing like a lot of vintage pieces. I obser love it. And after I just thrifted the jacket,&nbsp; this and the bag just this morning in New York.&nbsp;&nbsp; Incredible outfit. And last but not least, um,&nbsp; one piece of style advice, uh, something that you&nbsp;&nbsp; would share with people. Just focus about what how&nbsp; you feel inside your clothes and not about if the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing are together. You just need to feel it and&nbsp; feel if you feel confident and nice into it. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much. Have a nice day. What's your name?&nbsp; Noah. Noah in the house. Dope outfit by the way.&nbsp;&nbsp; New York City. Uh, what are you wearing? This is&nbsp; cool. Um, this is a vintage polo for my dad. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; the mini skirts from Essence. I don't remember&nbsp; the brand. I think it's Misbehave, maybe. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dirk Bikkembergs, I blew like a whole paycheck&nbsp; on them. It was worth it. Um, and then a Kangle&nbsp;&nbsp; hat. Awesome. Yeah. Uh, one style tip you would&nbsp; give to the world, something you would like. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; dress comfortably. Dress comfortably. Thank you&nbsp; so much. Yeah. Thank you. And what's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; My name's Evo. How you doing? Let's go. Very&nbsp; cool outfit, by the way. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is dope. So, start it&nbsp; off. We got the Rick Orange Turbos. These today&nbsp;&nbsp; from Second Street. Shout out Second Street.&nbsp; Cool. Got some ComicCon blanks. Feel me? Slack.&nbsp;&nbsp; We got to go second layer though. XO painted by&nbsp; me. Painted fans by me. Very cool. Picked up a&nbsp;&nbsp; little nice leopard uh cheetah print type jacket.&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Very fire and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. You feel&nbsp;&nbsp; me? Explore swag. That's cool. That's good. And&nbsp; where can people find you on IG if they want t.&nbsp;&nbsp; @t.archiivee check me out, man. 2 VX. No cap. Have&nbsp; a Thank you so much. Hey, what's your name? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; Charles John's right here. We're in New York.&nbsp; You know, very cool outfit. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is dope. So, we got&nbsp; the birth of a royal child pants. Alexander&nbsp;&nbsp; McQueen's trippy red jacket. Cool polo tank&nbsp; top. Negro league hat. Negro league hat. Denim&nbsp;&nbsp; Tears. Denim Tears. Denim tears. And one style&nbsp; tip you will give to the world. To the world. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir. I would say be yourself. You know, I know&nbsp; everyone say it, but yourself. Absolutely. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much. And what's your name? Elisa. Elisa&nbsp; in the house. Dope outfit, by the way. New York&nbsp;&nbsp; City. What are you wearing? This is cool. Um,&nbsp; so I'm wearing Nike shocks. Nice. My favorites.&nbsp;&nbsp; Absolutely. I'm wearing Poland Bear uh this&nbsp; Spanish brand uh jeans. Awesome. Then I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing Bershka tank top. Uh I think it's Italian,&nbsp; I guess. Okay. Classic. and cold culture shirt. Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; that's from Spain. So, and the earrings. And the&nbsp; earrings. Um the earrings I got um earrings I got&nbsp;&nbsp; off uh where did I get the earrings at? Rainbow.&nbsp; Rainbow. And last but not least, uh one goal or&nbsp;&nbsp; one big like to thing that you want to do on your&nbsp; to-do list. Something you really want to do on&nbsp;&nbsp; my to-do list in 2026. Yeah. Spam. I don't know.&nbsp; Uh just I um I got to think about that one cuz I&nbsp;&nbsp; just moved here so I'm like exploring everything.&nbsp; I'm making new friends. Uh living off of my craft&nbsp;&nbsp; probably. Yeah. Living off photography I guess&nbsp; and videography. And your IG for people that&nbsp;&nbsp; want to check out your work. Uh it's @zaza_mrln.&nbsp; Let's go. Thank you so much. What's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; Big Shake Crafting God. And what's your name as&nbsp; well? @mark_myword. Nice to meet both of y'all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very cool. Al Fitz, I'll start with you. What&nbsp; are you wearing? This is very cool. Right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a brigade ambassador. Mr. Aaron, what's&nbsp; popping? All brigade, right? But it's all&nbsp;&nbsp; samples brigade. You got crafted guard, all the&nbsp; craft um supreme. So, they they're the family. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, and we go to the bottom, you know, the&nbsp; good acts, you feel me? But but but I want to stop&nbsp;&nbsp; you first of all. You know how they do interviews&nbsp; to close? Yes, sir. I want to twist it real quick.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh Ralph Lauren visor got some mean vibes, sir.&nbsp; Denim Tears. Denim, you feel me? And then they&nbsp;&nbsp; cut really well, son. The Kapital pants. The&nbsp; Kapital pants. Tyler the creator. Le Fleurs. Yo,&nbsp;&nbsp; son. Tyler, you got to give this man his prop cuz&nbsp; they don't I didn't even know that was Tyler's&nbsp;&nbsp; doing. Exactly. Shout out Tyler. And let's do this&nbsp; right here with the dog. What's up? What's up?&nbsp;&nbsp; And what are you wearing as well? Uh I think this&nbsp; undefeated jacket probably like 20 years old. Had&nbsp;&nbsp; that. A little uh Eric Emanuel hoodie. Yes, sir.&nbsp; painted uniqlo gold caros and Ford. Oh, Mr. Brick,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's popping, baby? Oh, work gear too. Just&nbsp; got off the gigono. Let's get it. Thank y'all&nbsp;&nbsp; both so much. Big ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IG. Always blessed.&nbsp; Oh, craft to God. Always keep your good. Feel me?&nbsp;&nbsp; Absolutely. Mark my word. My word. Thank y'all&nbsp; so much. And what's your name? Madison. Madison&nbsp;&nbsp; in the house. Very dope outfit. New York City.&nbsp; And what are you wearing? This is dope. So very&nbsp;&nbsp; simple outfit today for work. I'm wearing a Free&nbsp; People suede bag. And then this is actually just&nbsp;&nbsp; a Brandy Melville like 100% cotton little like&nbsp; night gown really really beat up Steve Mattis from&nbsp;&nbsp; like 5 years like back when I was in high school.&nbsp; Um these are from Walmart and then this is from&nbsp;&nbsp; Fairies. Just a denim jacket. Yeah, that's it.&nbsp; One thing you want to do 2026. 2026 I want Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to graduate college. I'm graduating&nbsp; next semester at the end of Yeah. What are&nbsp;&nbsp; you studying? What are you studying? I study&nbsp; international trade and marketing at the Fashion&nbsp;&nbsp; Institute of Technology. Real small one here. Yes.&nbsp; Hope you graduate. Thank you. Thank you so much. In the vlog. We're in the vlog. The vlog. Who you&nbsp; texting? We got my cousin Lauren. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Who&nbsp;&nbsp; she texting? Oh god. I'm looking at the train&nbsp; first. Where is she going? What's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; Aurelio. Nice to meet you. Very dope outfit.&nbsp; New York City. Clean. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is dope. I am wearing a Brooks Brothers long&nbsp; sleeve. Cool. I am wearing Unilo JW Anderson club&nbsp;&nbsp; pants. Yes. And then the good old Banana Republic.&nbsp; I think these pants are the statement piece. These&nbsp;&nbsp; are these are good job JW Anderson and Unique&nbsp; and good job you for of course. Oh no. Thank you&nbsp;&nbsp; so much. You know much love to you man and your&nbsp; channel here man. Oh thank you bro. And last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least um something you want to do in 2026.&nbsp; We'll just say 2026 I am trying to get my house&nbsp;&nbsp; fixed up. Okay. Shout out to getting a new house.&nbsp; New house or just maintenance? Another house. Big&nbsp;&nbsp; boss over here doing some cool things. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]&nbsp; Okay. Thank you so much. And what's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; This notorious chip, notorious mad hatter.&nbsp; Mad hatter out here. Very dope outfit. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is dope. Oh, you&nbsp; know, this is this is the classic coogi sweater.&nbsp;&nbsp; Absolutely. You know, it's a classic Telmade&nbsp; jacket that I have on. It's incredible. And I&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely have on the Morris out here, sneakers.&nbsp; Absolutely. And then I I meant to ask the glasses.&nbsp;&nbsp; The glass is by Chanel. Chanel. Queen. And the&nbsp; hat. And the hat. It's a bowler hat. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a classic bowler. And the flavor of the&nbsp; ice cream. Oh, it's chocolate and vanilla. Great&nbsp;&nbsp; combo. Thank you so much. And what's your name? Ko&nbsp; Reese. I go by Reese. Nice to meet you. Very dope&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit. What are you wearing? This is awesome.&nbsp; I'm wearing LA apparel. Nice. I'm wearing Aelfric&nbsp;&nbsp; Eden. Shout out Aelfric Eden. Cool. I'm wearing&nbsp; Calios. I got these from Vanamodo Soho. Calios,&nbsp;&nbsp; shout out. Calios, shout out. Absolutely. Cold&nbsp; culture. Nice. Sil Grant. These accessories are&nbsp;&nbsp; incredible. Supreme bandana. Tough. Tough.&nbsp; I got my Supreme bandana inside. Layers on&nbsp;&nbsp; layers. Layers on layers. It's all about layering&nbsp; but like, you know, staying basic. But, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's cool. What's up? I got my docks, my go-to&nbsp; docs, and my cutie cutie socks. Oh, and last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least, I heard you have a cool channel, a&nbsp; place that you do street style creativity. Where&nbsp;&nbsp; can people find it? You can find me at @kikscheck.&nbsp; @kikscheck. Let's go. Thank you so much. And what's your name? Leon. Your name as well?&nbsp; Buda. Nice to meet both of y'all. Fly outfits.&nbsp;&nbsp; New York City. Killing it. I'll start with&nbsp; you. What are you wearing? Okay. This is my&nbsp;&nbsp; dad's. This is also my dad's. This is a one of&nbsp; one uh chain. Cool. I don't know what this is.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh this Rockstar original. They gave me this for&nbsp; free. Love it. The gloves, I don't know. The bag,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't even know. Uh, yeah. And then I got&nbsp; silver. That's really what I love right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is tough. This is tough. The grill. Yeah.&nbsp; And what are you wearing as well? Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is I thrifted this one. This one's Dior&nbsp; shirt. This whole pants right here. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; actually custom uh made in Japan from my boy.&nbsp; Check his brand out. It's called Grout. G R O U&nbsp;&nbsp; T U R E. Broken stuff. And uh Gucci frames. They&nbsp; turn to sunglasses, too. Incredible outfits. 10&nbsp;&nbsp; out of 10. Thank you. Thank you so much. Have a&nbsp; great one. Check it out. IG's in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; below. What's your name? Ty, aka Thank you, L.&nbsp; And your name as well? Sophie Fay. Nice to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; you both of you. Nice to meet you. Very cool&nbsp; outfits, by the way. New York City. Um, I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; start with you first. What are you wearing? What&nbsp; am I wearing? So, this leather jacket I cpped it&nbsp;&nbsp; in Paris. It's thrifted. I'm not sure what it is.&nbsp; This is How much the fit cost? No. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How much&nbsp;&nbsp; the fit cost though? a lot. Um, this hoodie is&nbsp; awful lot of cuff syrup. It says it on the back,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm wearing this jacket over so you can't&nbsp; really see it. Cool. I think this is I am Gia.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not too sure where I bought it. This is blue boy.&nbsp; Nice. Very cool. BB belt. And then naked wool for&nbsp;&nbsp; the boots. Love those. And what are you wearing&nbsp; as well? Uh, this jacket was a gift from a friend.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm actually wearing my brand fully. So, this is&nbsp; Bofen NYC pants, Japanese denim, Bofyc uh boots,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bottega Veneda. I dogged them, but I still&nbsp; love him. And then, uh, Balenciaga on the hat,&nbsp;&nbsp; Prada on the shades. Incredible. And then I&nbsp; heard that you're a music artist. I am. Name&nbsp;&nbsp; and like where can people find him? That's my&nbsp; artist name, Sophie Fay. Um, my EP is about to&nbsp;&nbsp; drop on May 14th. That's the first single that's&nbsp; coming out. And then I have more music that's&nbsp;&nbsp; already out on Spotify, Apple, whatever you use,&nbsp; so you can check it out. Awesome. And then what&nbsp;&nbsp; about yourself? Are you an artist, designer?&nbsp; I'm a creative director, artist. Um, I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; store and I co-run Trip and Trap. That's where my&nbsp; brand NYC is. Designed for New York Fashion Week,&nbsp;&nbsp; Paris Fashion Week. Um, and I got a EP coming out,&nbsp; too. So, Okay, cool. And then your IG group that&nbsp;&nbsp; want to check it out. Everything is at Thank&nbsp; you Land. Incredible. Thank you all both so&nbsp;&nbsp; much. Thank you so much. And what's your name?&nbsp; Jesus. Jesus in the house. Hallelujah. What are&nbsp;&nbsp; you wearing? This is very cool. Uh, I got just a&nbsp; plain black shirt. Um, uh, plain black belt. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pipeline pants. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, shout out Jordan&nbsp; Bentley. Thank you. Definitely. I c I had to&nbsp;&nbsp; cop like several pairs of these. Oh. Um, Yohji&nbsp; Yamamoto. Very cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hypland&nbsp;&nbsp; back, you know. Very cool brand. And then um one&nbsp; big goal that you have for 2021 2026 2026 like God bless you sir. "I'm about to go out. This is not my show." And what's your name? My name is Alex,&nbsp; bro. But everybody calls me Salt,&nbsp;&nbsp; like Salt and Pepper. Nice to meet you, Salt.&nbsp; Dope outfit, by the way. New York City. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you wearing? This is very cool. Um, this&nbsp; is Ovadia & Sons. Shout out to the the brothers&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz matter of fact I just ran into the one of the&nbsp; founders literally just walking randomly but sons.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um these are supervision and these are Eric Koston&nbsp; SBs. Those are crazy. Those are so crazy. Um one&nbsp;&nbsp; big goal that you have in 206. One big goal. Yes.&nbsp; I just turned today's my birthday. I just turned&nbsp;&nbsp; 35. So one big goal um is just do everything&nbsp; that I set out to do, bro. And just keep&nbsp;&nbsp; uh stay consistent. Really stay consistent more&nbsp; than anything else. For sure. Consistency is the&nbsp;&nbsp; key. Listen to this guy right here. Thank you&nbsp; so much, boss. And what's your name? Uh I go&nbsp;&nbsp; by Ari. Ari out here. Dope outfit. New York City,&nbsp; Chinatown. What are you wearing? Uh today we are&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing @SolByAri. Sold by Ari. Um Carhartt jacket&nbsp; that I chopped up cuz why not? @SolbyAri. Um today&nbsp;&nbsp; we are wearing car heart on the pants. Cool. Some&nbsp; docks on the feet. Nice. And this is my friend&nbsp;&nbsp; Antonio Garcia. Check him out. Fly stuff 101.&nbsp; Let's get it. Last but not least, where can people&nbsp;&nbsp; find your clothing, your brand, your IG? Check me&nbsp; out at @SolbyAri. @SolbyAri. Let's go. Thank you&nbsp;&nbsp; so much. Oh man. Yo, I can't Yo, I can't even fit&nbsp; that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you took my picture. Oh, really?&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why I'm wearing my bike now. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]&nbsp; What about the hat? The hat? Where? Yo, I had&nbsp;&nbsp; this hat for some years. Yo, this is the Barcelino&nbsp; hat, man. Oh, that's Borcelino. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; it came It was perfect like this when it came.&nbsp; It came like that. Okay. But it got so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; it it started flapping like that. Oh, okay. What's&nbsp; your name? My name is Chelsea. And your name is&nbsp;&nbsp; Wolf. Hi, Anna. Nice to meet both of you. Very&nbsp; cool outfits, by the way. New York City. Uh, I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; start with you. What are you wearing? What am I&nbsp; wearing? Okay, I'm wearing this jacket. Thrifted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Nice online. Amazon. Jaded London online as well.&nbsp; Little pump. Nice little nice little clutch. But&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, nice chic. Awesome. What are you wearing as&nbsp; well? This was actually good. This was thrifted.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is Unilo. This is I don't remember online.&nbsp; And then I have my Coach bag. Love it. Last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least, one thing you want to do 2026. Um,&nbsp; start up my magazine. Shout out to your magazine.&nbsp;&nbsp; What would you say as well? I want to branch out&nbsp; my brand and I just want to just like do more&nbsp;&nbsp; content. Okay, do Yeah. And then uh what's your ID&nbsp; for people that want to check out your work? Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ayana EZ. So Ayana A Y A N A E Z. And yeah. And&nbsp; for people that want to copy your Zen, work. My&nbsp;&nbsp; name is Chelsea Deanch as also my Instagram is C&nbsp; H E L S E A D I M A N C H E. Awesome. Thank y'all&nbsp;&nbsp; so much. And what's your name? EG. Nice to meet&nbsp; you. Very cool outfit. New York City. Uh what are&nbsp;&nbsp; you wearing? This is dope. Uh I'm wearing uh shout&nbsp; out my boy Jimmy KJ. Awesome. Like this from New&nbsp;&nbsp; York. This is a brand from New York. Absolutely.&nbsp; And uh I got the Vitma pants and got the Maril. Very nice combo and arrangement. This&nbsp; is And I got the Supreme. I got Supreme,&nbsp;&nbsp; too. Supreme boxes. Yeah. Paris or New York&nbsp; street style. Ah, this kitchen really hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; I ain't going to lie. I had to say I had to say&nbsp; Paris. Oh, cuz in Paris there is too many people&nbsp;&nbsp; with like good swag and good piece, good pieces.&nbsp; So like I really like Paris collab, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; New York New York for guy edition too, you know.&nbsp; Absolutely. Thank you so much, boss. Appreciate&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Perfect. And what's your name? Hi, I'm&nbsp; Elijah. Nice to meet you. Very dope outfit by&nbsp;&nbsp; the way. New York City. Uh what are you wearing?&nbsp; This is very cool. Um this is some like jersey I&nbsp;&nbsp; found at a thrift. This is the old Brandy Melville&nbsp; zip up. Pepe Pepe jeans. Some Wolverine boots. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; UG bag and bunch of rings from like the west of&nbsp; this world. Very cool. Are you a stylist? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; of sorts. Absolutely. And where can people find&nbsp; you on IG if they want to check out your work?&nbsp;&nbsp; Eli. Central. Eli. Central. And what's your name?&nbsp; So much. Nice to meet you. Very cool outfit by the&nbsp;&nbsp; way. New York City. Uh what are you wearing? This&nbsp; is cool. Okay. This is Zara. Cool. This is jewelry&nbsp;&nbsp; from a boutique we have in Greece. Cool. Okay.&nbsp; This is also from the same boutique. This is Zara.&nbsp;&nbsp; Awesome. One bag and two bags. This is Chanel.&nbsp; Two bags out here. Yeah. Super bag. And last but&nbsp;&nbsp; not least, uh one style tip that you would give&nbsp; to the world. Uh the more layers the better. The&nbsp;&nbsp; more layers the better. You heard it here first.&nbsp; Thank you so much. Thank you. And what's your&nbsp;&nbsp; name? Wayne Ud. Wayne in the house. Dope outfit by&nbsp; the way. New York City ALD. What are you wearing?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is dope. Regular white tea, Ralph Lauren&nbsp; zipper, 3/4 denim jeans. I think I made these.&nbsp;&nbsp; These are my age. Put a little coin in it. Yeah.&nbsp; Uh gifted the watch from a watch brand. Cardier.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cardier Tiffany's grew up rings. Yeah, man. Nice.&nbsp; And then the hat. Hat is shoot a Pills B. Pills&nbsp;&nbsp; box cap. Okay. Um, Los Angeles Angels. Oh, yeah.&nbsp; I bet. And then last but not least, um, one thing&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to do in 2026. 2026. I'll probably start&nbsp; my own by 2026. And where people find your IG&nbsp;&nbsp; if they want to check this out? You can check&nbsp; me out at WayneUer at IG. That's @wayneeuter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Awesome. Thank you so much, boss. Thank you. And&nbsp; what's your name? Demi. Demi in the house. Dope&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit by the way. New York City. Uh, what are you&nbsp; wearing? This is very cool. So, this is a jacket&nbsp;&nbsp; that I got off like ASOS that I cut and turn into&nbsp; this. Love it. Um, we got the White Project tank.&nbsp;&nbsp; And these are some Martin Rose jeans that I had to&nbsp; add something to. Awesome shoes, by the way. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks. Some regular dirty ass Vans. And this was&nbsp; a belt that I got from a cowboy shop in Phoenix.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cool. And I heard you're a photographer. Where can&nbsp; people find you occasionally? U demi studio.com.&nbsp;&nbsp; D E M Y S T U D I O.com. And one style tip that&nbsp; you would give to the world. Something you look&nbsp;&nbsp; like. Um, a style tip. Just be yourself. There's&nbsp; only one you. There's only one you. You heard it&nbsp;&nbsp; here first. Thank you so much. Of course.&nbsp; What's up, guys? We're going to see what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm wearing. Capital. We got some nice pants&nbsp; right here. Converses. Happy birthday to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; My birthday. It's my birthday. Happy birthday to&nbsp; It's my birthday. It's my birthday. Thanks for&nbsp;&nbsp; liking and subscribing, y'all. It's been a dope&nbsp; episode of What are people wearing in New York&nbsp;&nbsp; City? Guess what? We have a Tokyo versus New York&nbsp; episode coming out very soon. Get ready for that.&nbsp;&nbsp; We have a dope magazine that you can check out&nbsp; in the description below that's coming out. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you've already coped it, we're shipping them out&nbsp; soon. Thank you so much for the patience. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to do some really cool things this summer&nbsp; as well. We're also going to finally go to China.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're going to go to Africa. We're going to go&nbsp; to South America. So stay tuned. See you soon.&nbsp;&nbsp; New series as well. Some new stuff. Some new&nbsp; stuff. And uh yeah, peace y'all. Catch you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tuffgong2568 [9 likes]: For the people, of the people, from the people.  Dev never disappoints and his videos help me to neutralize Sunday anxiety.
  2. @sydroyce [4 likes]: Got me searching giant bread NYC.
  3. @xy1745 [2 likes]: Notorious Mad hatter gets around.  Seen him on ARIatHOME's stream a couple of times.  But doesn't he wear boater hats not bowler hats?  Bowler hats aren't flat, they have dome tops - like those some Bolivian women wear.  He always looks amazing.
  4. @andrewajjones122 [2 likes]: Mad respect to the Mad Hatter, and I love the hat, but it is not a  Bowler hat!! 😎
  5. @JLafa809 [2 likes]: Fire Video 🔥 Keep doing what you’re doing bro !
  6. @Mysteryfashionist [2 likes]: Thanks for the feature as always 🫡
  7. @Wa0288 [1 likes]: whoa is that the mark that worked at Round 2?
  8. @TaniCurt [1 likes]: My guyyyyyy. Appreciate the love always thanks for the feature 🤎🤎🤎
  9. @NebulicDust [1 likes]: Filling up that passport I see, congrats!
  10. @harlemzelite [1 likes]: just casually interviewed Callina @ 18:39 lol she's gonna play Chun Li in the Street Fighter movie
  11. @sellenyc [1 likes]: WE OUTSIDEE OUTSIDEEE CHYEAHH 🎩
  12. @ImtimazungJamir [1 likes]: Can't believe kikscheck🔥
  13. @ismailozcanstyle [1 likes]: Luv Joshua's style🎉🎉 Love Maison Margiela ❤❤
  14. @kingmarquel2587 [1 likes]: Hell yea🍿love these 🤩
  15. @Jeffery-he9ih [1 likes]: This is one of your Best videos congrats❤
  16. @ballthesniper [1 likes]: i am from hong kong and watching your amazing videos. pls visit hong kong~
  17. @Raydeoworld [1 likes]: THE RAYDEO & DEV SHOW COMING SOON 29:37 👀✍🏾🌍 📺
  18. @kumachan9311: Respect to the Baguette  🥖
  19. @wallaceflowers: Madison is gorgeous
  20. @devmooreurl: thanks for SUBSCRIBING!!! 🙂‍↕ one of my FAVORITE episodes :) where should we go next?
https://www.instagram.com/devdmoore/

- Wine Investors 2023 Annual Report - RareWine Invest: Kind: captions Language: en Dive into the intricate world of wine investment&nbsp; with our annual report 2023. Discover the market&nbsp;&nbsp; trends, challenges, and extraordinary opportunities&nbsp;that shaped the year. Welcome to a quick review of the annual report for wine investors. I'm Lars Granat, joined by Rune Spliid, and today we unravel &nbsp;&nbsp; the annual report 2023 on wine investments, providing a&nbsp;unique glimpse into the world of fine wines. &nbsp;&nbsp; - In a year marked by global turmoil, the wine market&nbsp; proved its resilience. The aftermath of the&nbsp;pandemic&nbsp; conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle&nbsp;East and a troubled Chinese real-estate sector&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted investor focus towards classic options&nbsp; like gold, which ended up the year on an all-time&nbsp;high.&nbsp; - And that's not all. Inflation, interest rate hikes,&nbsp; and economic uncertainties created a&nbsp;&nbsp; challenging landscape, impacting consumer spending&nbsp; and, consequently the fine wine market. &nbsp;&nbsp; - Let's delve into the numbers. After 2 years of significant&nbsp; growth, 2023 witnessed price corrections. &nbsp;&nbsp; Despite a 7.33% decrease in average across positions at RareWine Invest,&nbsp;the performance outperformed the&nbsp;&nbsp; general fine wine market, which showed a 14.1%&nbsp; loss according to the Liv-ex Fine Wine 100 index.&nbsp;&nbsp; - A plausible divestment solution is a vital factor to&nbsp; consider when choosing a wine investment provider.&nbsp;&nbsp; RareWine Invest achieved a 46% average return&nbsp; for investors, selling over 1,300 positions in a&nbsp;&nbsp; challenging market, holding for an average of 2.5 years&nbsp; This accomplishment underlines the strength&nbsp;&nbsp; of the RareWine Group as our investors leverage on the&nbsp; expertise of RareWine Trading - one of the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; premier fine wine trading companies. - As bottles&nbsp;gather dust, opportunities emerge. &nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy, despite a 6.68% dip in 2023, remains attractive, with a&nbsp;long-term annualized return exceeding 10.6% for the&nbsp;&nbsp; last 20 years, according to Liv-ex Burgundy 150.&nbsp; Characterized by micro-production the supply and demand ratio&nbsp;&nbsp; will favor the investors in the long&nbsp;run when speaking of Burgundy. To put things&nbsp;&nbsp; in perspective, Burgundy was up with more than&nbsp;34% in 2022, so a correction of less than 7% is&nbsp;tolerable.&nbsp; - Meanwhile, Champagne faced an 11.15%&nbsp;decline in 2023. Ultimately, it will generally&nbsp;&nbsp; settle a bit lower when something goes up&nbsp; 50 or 60% in a short period of time - as has been&nbsp;&nbsp; the case with Champagne. Champagne has faced the&nbsp; worst price corrections in 2023, but consumption&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to be intact when looking at volume. The&nbsp;Liv-ex Power 100 List reveals that &nbsp;&nbsp; Champagne overwhelmingly dominates the most-traded wines in&nbsp;2023, signaling a bright future for the category.&nbsp;&nbsp; - And not to forget, the analyzed return for the&nbsp; category has been 9.2% since 2004, according to&nbsp;&nbsp; Liv-ex Champagne 50, making it a stable long-term&nbsp;asset - Italian wines show resistance, boasting a&nbsp;&nbsp; 0.04% positive result in 2023. The bid-to-offer&nbsp;ratio remains healthy, especially for Barolos,&nbsp;&nbsp; Barbarescos, Brunellos and the Super Tuscans. - Across the&nbsp;world, the fine wine market experienced mixed&nbsp;fortunes.&nbsp; The Rest-of-the-World category, including Rhône,&nbsp; Napa Valley and others declined by 1.64% overall.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, notable performers like the Glenfarclas 50YO&nbsp;saw a 10% increase. - Bordeaux stood firm with a marginal 0.09% decrease.&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite challenges, the elite,&nbsp;like the 1998 Petrus, delivered a 10% return.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a market echoing historical cycles, &nbsp; 2023 faced liquidity challenges. Our expert opinion&nbsp;&nbsp; is clear: history shows that as liquidity&nbsp; returns, wine prices rise. &nbsp;&nbsp; Opportunities are expected to persist through 2024. - Timing is&nbsp;crucial, as always. To presume significant price&nbsp;&nbsp; upswings in 2024 might be overly optimistic.&nbsp; A more plausible scenario is a healthy market&nbsp;stabilization.&nbsp; Our steadfast recommendation endures&nbsp; a minimum 5-year horizon for wine&nbsp;investment, And that wraps up our special report&nbsp;on the Annual Wine Investment Insights for 2023.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you for joining us. I'm Lars Granat ...and&nbsp;I'm Rune Spliid. Thank you for now. Stay tuned for more insightful reports right here on the &nbsp; channel and read the full report on rarewineinvest.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @RareWine: You can read the full report at our website: https://www.rarewineinvest.com/news/2024/wine-investment-insights-annual-report-2023-unveiled/ (available in 5 languages)

- Significant 'upwards wine market' over next 2 to 3 years, says Bordeaux Index: Kind: captions Language: en a long run average is around ten percent wine wine wine out performs equities at around 10 per year but it tends to have you know a couple of up years flatter years a couple of up years and so on but certainly the momentum this year up almost 10 so far you know we think there's a significant phase over the next two to three years of an upwards of an upwards wide market can i ask you about the the actual investments because i must disclose i do have some wide investments and what i've seen is that even the high-end range of the fine wines that's where you see the greatest upside versus some of the more moderately priced fine wines is that always the case you get better returns on some of the more expensive product or is it just a feature of this market right now i think for the most part you're correct in that we we're always very cautious sort of establish the difference between investment grade wines and wines on the on the edge on the edge of that for example in bordeaux you know you have around 20 25 wines which are genuinely investment grade and we expect to deliver performance you know over over a medium to long term once you get below that clear category and similar in other regions then there may be investment performance but it doesn't have the same it doesn't have the same reliability can i also just delve into the brexit impact there's a lot of chatter among those who do enjoy fine wine concern the prices are going up they can't get the availability because of brexit or they think if it's not here now will be in coming years is there anything to that do you see a brexit fallout for the sector not really and the reason being that you know i think there's a significant impact potentially over time on the lower end of the wine spectrum with fine wine the key thing to understand is you know yes shipment times have been a bit slower because it's a physical asset it has to move around and and shipments shipments have been slower but really the additional sort of costs um involved in cross-border now they pale into relative insignificance when you think of the price of the assets matthew i've had many conversations over the years with some of the winemakers and they are conscious that even though the demand has been in china not to be too dominant in terms of sending all the product in that direction just in case there is a fallout in that market for whatever reason we've been talking a great length on the show about what we're seeing in terms of this backlash around wealth now do you have concerns over coming years that the chinese may push back against spending on luxury items including on fine borders i think the really interesting thing in the china and asian context is that it's much more pan-asian than people understand there was a time in the the early part of the previous decade where certainly china and a very specific type of chinese although consumption led to a slightly overheated overheated market that has fundamentally changed the consumption is across you know a full range of spectrums and you know we we think it's we think it's balance uh across asia and we we don't think there's a there's a near-term or or even longer-term risk on that front um that will significantly impact the market

- Can the fine wine market maintain its performance? | FT Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Few would argue that we aren't living in turbulent times. But today I've come to a particularly serene part of southeast England to find out how an evolving fine wine market is responding to an assortment of traditional and not so traditional challenges, ranging from long-term weather patterns to pandemics. It's very strong. The market has moved from being a UK-centric type investment to right now, worldwide. And there are more platforms cycling up all the time. In fact, the Live-ex 100, the leading industry exchange of the secondary market, has risen by around a third over the past two years. They are very, very good at putting out information as to the state of the wine market in general. And they are saying that it's extremely robust. Over the past 10 years, when it comes to luxury investments' performance, wine has trailed only cars and rare whisky, according to the Knight Frank Investment Index. But this global market is facing a global issue that could well affect investment values and prices in the longer term - climate change. The major wine regions for investment are all on the same latitude. So you start off with Napa Valley in California, on the West Coast of the United States, through to Bordeaux, through to Burgundy. And of course, these regions are getting hotter and/or colder. As our climate changes, it could make it harder to produce future vintages of the quality we're used to. Climate change is going to play a part in the wine life. That said, with wine, if there is no more Bordeaux, then the wines that are held with customers are only going to increase in value. Of course, climate change could eventually influence supply the other way by actually opening up new areas for quality wine production. The Champagne region of France, for example, is an area seen as being particularly susceptible to climate change, which is why famed champagne houses, like Pomeroy and Taittinger, are now looking to places they would never previously have considered for production. Big international players have come into the English wine scene to invest in their own vineyards, put their money where their mouth is, and recognise how special the southeast of England is. The effect of climate change will, of course, be gradual. But I have come to the UK's oldest wine merchant, Berry Brothers, founded in 1698, to learn more about how certain aspects of the markets are changing now. Some good ordinary clarets, are they? Yes, my favourite. The company stores around £1bn worth of wine for private clients. There may be a few thousand bottles here, maybe. I actually don't know the exact figure. In Basingstoke we currently have a facility for 9mn bottles. Spending on fine wines actually increased throughout the recent pandemic. And sales for its en Primeur season, which allows collectors to buy the most recent vintage before it is bottled, were up over 40 per cent in 2021 compared with 2019. As sales grow, and with greater volumes being traded across the world, ensuring the origin and care of their wine is as it should be is becoming ever more important for collectors. The bulk of what I do is looking to check that everything that we sell is absolutely as pristine as it should be, and that it's come from the right place so that the provenance is correct, that it's been stored correctly on the way into us. In times of higher inflation, as we're seeing now, physical assets do have the potential to offer solid returns. But wine can entail higher costs than other investments due to factors like shipping and storage. It's seldom a short-term investment, and concerns about counterfeiting are also becoming more prominent. It wasn't really an issue up until about 10 years ago. Now it's something which everyone asks us about. Cases like that of Rudy Kurniawan, who in 2013 was convicted of wine fraud for selling tens of millions of fake wines, have thrown a spotlight on counterfeiting. So how big of a problem is wine fraud nowadays? The more common types of wine fraud is mass produced bottling of perfectly potable table wine with a more expensive label on it. And that's happening probably as we speak. Somewhere in the world, somebody is bottling something which is not what it says on the label. Combating the frauds takes various techniques and technologies, both old and more recent. Can you see the fluorescing lights and the fluorescing label there? Yeah. But there are two tiny little holograms in the shape of a cloverleaf. Their position moves with every vintage. Other verification systems can range from nanochips to tracking numbers and even a system that matches a unique pattern of air bubbles under the cap to an image kept on file. One relatively recent development uses blockchain technology to help gain clarity over a bottle's condition and whereabouts across the supply chain. When you've got a broken supply chain, actually, that's the best time, in my opinion, to commit fraud. So what we're doing is saying, actually, we may make 5,000 or 500, depending on what's going out of a QR code that will be unique to that bottle and that batch. Can you show me how this sort of technology would actually work in practise then? We're going to scan that code as so, and now we're going to go into temperature, humidity, and GPS location of that bottle. Systems like Chainvine won't be for everyone. But in a global survey of wineries last year, blockchain technology ranked second of all technologies they saw as having the highest priority of importance to develop. As for the wine investment market, if it wants to build on strong recent performance, it will have to adapt to the constant changes coming from both inside and outside the industry.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sommeliermicheleorbolato9896 [3 likes]: Great quality content! Yes, it's true fine wines can be an alternative to more common assets, such as property or stocks. However, you really need to know what you are doing and preserve them correctly. Keep in mind that preserving and storing the wine correctly is expensive and reduces your return on investment.
  2. @JosephKulik2016 [2 likes]: The ONLY Reason why Some fine wines are so expensive is because PT Barnum was correct when he observed that:  "There's a Sucker born every minute !!!"  I moved to San Francisco in 1969, and I spent years thereafter engrossed with the wineries of the Napa Valley.  I tasted and bought many fine bottles of wine, some even quite expensive.  But my overall impression now is that thinking of fine wine as an "asset" is a Pretentious and Overwrought Idea.  The basic reality is that any bottle of wine is just fermented grape juice, and any monetary value placed on a bottle of wine beyond that is simply a product of a Pompous and Pretentious Imagination to some degree.  That there is even such a thing as "Wine fraud" is indicative of how Astronomical and Unreal the price of fine wine has become.  I must confess that I've never looked at my love for fine wine as a Portal to Snob Society.  I just drink wine for its simple pleasures, and that's good enough for me.
  3. @vlado2701 [2 likes]: ~~Who drinks , he does not know about the dangers of wine ; 
~~Who does not drink does not know about it benefit.
  4. @roxxycrystals [1 likes]: May all being be healthy, be well, be free!
  5. @tptp5118 [1 likes]: Treasures in Heaven Matthew 6 NIV

19 “Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. 20 But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. 21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

22 “The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy,[c] your whole body will be full of light. 23 But if your eyes are unhealthy,[d] your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!

24 “No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.

Do Not Worry

25 “Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life[e]?

28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.ll
  6. @hungsonpham6226 [1 likes]: Awesome, I’m reading a lot materials involved in this sector as well.
  7. @missourimongoose8858 [1 likes]: The reason this market is booming is due to the rich getting richer from the pandemic lol still cool to watch even tho I'm not a wine person
  8. @Ijdjdjdjndvvyu: The answer was no
  9. @JosephSmith-qq9oz: these Ukrainian politicians have stopped liking me. It is not enough for them that our country finds money for them at the expense of its own citizens. Talk of Putin blackmailing the world with hunger by withholding Ukrainian grain has begun. But there is simply no credible evidence that Ukrainian grain is being exported to Russia. But there is information that the Ukrainian military burned the grain that was supposed to be shipped to other countries from the port of Mariupol. So who is the blackmailer and terrorist?
  10. @WineJam: Interesting take I knew about the climate change and blockchain having a change on wine investment but glad to see blockchain is ranked so high of importance
  11. @the_sideshifter: Home sweet home! I apologize for the ugly handwriting on the barrels by the way :D :D
  12. @pattonpatton1386: The explanation is very good and I am looking forward to more works
  13. @PSModelling: Great video appreciate the quality content.
  14. @hacc: thanks for engsub
  15. @pikminlord343: Neat

- Bordeaux's Wine Industry Thrives with Time-Tested Trading System: Kind: captions Language: en France's renowned bordeau wine has been crushing it in markets around the world thanks in part to its centuries old distribution system the Bordeaux trade structure includes the role of wine broker an intermediary who works both with wine producers and Merchants Brokers undergo rigorous training to be able to assess the great maturation process and to ensure the quality of the wine they play an important role in the distribution Network handling 75 to 95% of bordeaux's wine transactions a broker's job includes many aspects from grape picking to wine tasting the wine future sales period starts in May or June every year the broker's work varies monthly and annually we are not just in the office but also working directly at the wineries finally the wine is sold by a merchant house or nego of which there are at least 300 registered in the Bordeaux area we want to keep expertise in what we do we we spend uh 80% of our day on the phone or talking to our clients and uh we are all very complimentary and in our system we sell to different customers to different markets different wine sometimes according to Market Research firm Statia France Italy and Spain were the top three wine producers worldwide last year with France producing the most at about 48 million hecto lers

- In the red: France's wine industry turns sour • FRANCE 24 English: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] if you're a wine lover you've probably heard of These Fine Wines they're one of the symbols of French culture celebrated worldwide yet over the past 60 years wine consumption has dropped by 70 in France Reds in particular have been given the cold shoulder even abroad it's such a shame because in the end we're losing a lifetime of work we've been fighting to restore bordeaux's reputation for 20 years but we're failing why are consumers changing their habits how can wine makers in Southwestern France survive some are forced to tear up their Vineyards and see compensation from the French government and the EU foreign we have to rip up some Vines we're okay with that in Baldo but we really need to find new customers otherwise we'll go from 750 000 hexares down to maybe four hundred thousand has been a wine maker in Bordeaux for four generations his great-grandmother started working these Vineyards today Eric his wife and his brother all produce wine on this estate but the Next Generation isn't interested in the family Legacy we have the same problem neither my son nor his children who are younger are willing to take over given the economic situation at 60 years old Eric could potentially retire but the current economic crisis makes it difficult for him to sell his 80 hectares of land we're talking about a thousand Euros a barrel in production costs knowing that today my average selling price for the 2022 Harvest is around 850 Euros a barrel all you have to do is subtract and you'll see I'm losing 150 Euros on a barrel of wine Eric sells at a loss if he can even sell a tool the winemaker lost his main client earlier this year a supermarket that suddenly put an end to 20 years of close collaboration Eric now has no other choice but to find a plan B namely to sell his grape juice to Merchants who will then turn it into wine we picked the grapes he depressed them and two days later we have the grape juice it gives us some quick cash flow because it's sold very quickly and we need space in the winery because we're over stocked with wine cells being so low this is the first year I've really started selling grape juice instead of letting his unsold wine go to waste Eric has decided to send his tanks to a Distillery where the wine is heated and turned into pure alcohol in exchange he gets some financial aid from France and the European Union this is a Flawless wine which has been Lightly oaked for a 2021 bottle this 2021 vintage won a gold medal in Bordeaux and a gold medal in Lyon this wine is going to be distilled so it's going to be used either in the pharmaceutical and perfume Industries or to make bioethanol Eric holds this particular wine dear to his heart he named it after his granddaughter Jad born three years ago we work hard for nothing we built a Heritage a nest egg for a retirement but now we have nothing left it's worthless honestly it's heartbreaking or red wine consumption has plummeted by 20 over the past five years as a result prices have tumbled in response to the problem of overproduction France and the EU have come up with a destructive solution uprooting vines in exchange for money and allowing Growers like Eric to repurpose his land have known each other for years they're both part of the vt33 collective that brings together around a thousand winemakers this plot is 35 years old Eric plans to remove this plot today the economic situation is such that we feel sick to our stomachs so it'll almost be a relief it's heartbreaking for everyone to pull out the vines because Generations have worked hard to pass on this Heritage unfortunately we don't make a living from our profession the collective has been fighting for 20 years 20 years to try and restore bordeaux's image but we just can't do it our leaders have been in place for 20 years today it's still the same people who can't come to terms with the fact that they couldn't do anything they won't accept the fact that they're well I won't say incapable but powerless it's a shame is one of the industry leaders and he refuses to take the blame for him events like kovid Donald Trump's tax on French wire or the war in Ukraine were impossible to predict it's not the industry's fault because no one could see this coming we could have anticipated that it would be this bad what we're missing are the right tools it's a shame to use distillation but you can't blame a profession with or without its elected representatives for a drop in consumption and the crisis in Ukraine it would be a serious mistake to think that our problems can only be solved internally believes one of the solutions would be to find new buyers elsewhere in recent years wine drinking habits have changed drastically fewer families dine together people eat less red meat and younger Generations are paying more attention to their health and to the environment people want to know where the product comes from especially how was the wine made what are we actually drinking well we're drinking wine of course wine has fermented grapes but there's more to a bottle of wine there are what we call inputs and I feel young people and consumers in general are looking out for these inputs which can be linked to the use of pesticides petrochemicals and phytosanitary products in the vineyard and in the winery the entire industry is changing at the French wine and wine Institute Engineers are looking for alternatives to sulfites they're widely used by winemakers to stabilize the drink but young consumers are not so Keen when we add sulfites to grape juice the wine it eliminates some of the yeast and bacteria that could potentially alter the quality of the wine therefore we will add other selected yeast to limit this development so we'll try to find a biological solution in sulfite free or low sulfite processes but eliminating sulfites is a challenge analogy and everything we've learned about wine was done with the use of sulfites so if we want to get rid of sulfites analogy as a whole needs to be reinvented and it's all the more complicated in an increasingly warm environment Al climate change leads to wines that are generally less acidic and as a result eliminating sulfites is a bit more difficult because wines with low acidity are more susceptible to microbial alterations and therefore preservation problems is part of bordeaux's younger generation of winemakers he experienced his first grape Harvest with his father as a child today despite his unwavering dedication the reality is bitter first of all production is challenging under the weather conditions we're currently facing second it starts from a commercial standpoint because we see that the markets are saturated so we struggle to sell wine that is already difficult to produce being a winemaker is tough It's a thankless job Machu found his escape hatch here just a few hundred meters from the Family Estate the view of the vineyard and the garhon river is breathtaking in 2015 he decided to build his cabin and sell his wines here opening our doors allows us to show people that Bordeaux is not just about Glitz and glamor not just about the cost at all it's also about Simplicity people who visit realize that we are just like them running small-scale Farms we are simple people and they can easily identify with our wines he also had to learn how to appeal to younger customers we can't deny that beer is making up more and more of the new generations alcohol consumption that we try to make wines that are adapted to their tastes rounder fruitier and easier to drink when young Machu and his friends challenge themselves to clink glasses while surfing on the garhon river they shared the video on social media a smart marketing move but of course not enough to sell thousands of bottles the winemaker knows that if he wants to keep toasting to success he has to innovate and adapt constantly

  Top Comments:
  1. @jthepickle7 [3 likes]: Wine just got worse as it became more expensive.
  2. @devorarossi961 [2 likes]: 2 problems here: 1) people drink less wine; 2) cost of wine in this bad economy after Covid .
  3. @donaldkasper8346 [1 likes]: 70% drop in France is from Muslim immigration.  They import people that don't drink wine.
  4. @ccamire [1 likes]: Price
  5. @robertbrandywine [1 likes]: One problem I see with making wine healthier is that all those unhealthy ingredients are used to lower cost.  Healthier wines will be even more expensive and the younger generations are poorer than the boomers.
  6. @TheRightONe-et3gh [1 likes]: cry me a river...so the french tax payers are going to "compensate" those millionaires.
  7. @elcastorgrande [1 likes]: Parker and his ilk have destroyed wine for ordinary people.
  8. @manuelvazquez8758 [1 likes]: Cry me a river.  Wine prices are through the roof.  You priced yourselves right out of business.
  9. @waitingforthelorddenmark4933: Because good French wines are few and far between
  10. @willismartin9196: Poor France. No more exploitation of Africa, now affects their economy  😮😊😊😊
  11. @donaldkasper8346: They will go from 700k hectares to 40k hectares.
  12. @pac1fic055: Chile:  “…you know, I am a bit of a wine maker myself…”
  13. @leonardomotta4613: When I look at the local wine store I see plenty of wine from different regions at very high quality, except France where what I see is a more expensive and lower quality wine unless you are willing to pay exorbitant amount. So something is definitely not going well in France winemaking for the last 20 years but it doesn't look it's the government's fault from the outside consumer. It seems they are producing the most expensive wine bottles at any given level of quality in the whole world.
  14. @Dsexh_dsexh: Young people think alcohol is bad, apparently mdma laced with meth and coke is healthier
  15. @rv1251: Idont care i drink water😂
  16. @ginlane2867: More and more people are catching on to the reality that alcohol is bad for us,    ........ It's as simple as that!    People don't want to feel,   sleepy and fuzzy headed,  when they have lots of other things to do.     It's a health issue,   and nobody has the time to lay around when there is money to be made and we're living in a terrible economy!
  17. @olivertrumanjr9556: American here. All red wines in the grocery store taste like slightly different variations of the same astringent sludge. I only have wine when I visit wineries or curated shops / wine bars which is just about never
  18. @coreybore7933: Little if any mention in the comments about the effects of wine on general health. Was a glass or two of wine every day good for you?  A bit like eating carrots is good for your eyesight right??  I've seen the damage excessive consumption of wine does to people. It can be very addictive. Young people are opting for lower alcohol or no alcohol drinks. Smart guys!
  19. @courtcomposer: I remember getting wines at 60$ that now are 400$.  Not worth it.
  20. @dcspangler8025: Information regarding transitioning to other crops would be interesting.

- Tips For Collecting & Investing In Burgundy Wines: Kind: captions Language: en-GB have you got any tips for me on investing and collecting Burgundy's? Burgundy, like we've said, it's a complex region and it's a bit of a minefield. You've got to get the right vintages. You've really got to be great vineyard sites. if you want to lay something down for a long-time it probably needs to be atleast Premier or Grand Cru and then thirdly, good producers. There's some people in Burgundy that have great land, they know they're going to sell it at Grand Cru price, they don't really have to do very much work to make six barrels of wine a year but then there's the serious producers who will make sure that their Grand Cru Burgundy is the most amazing wine and it will last forever. And they're the wines that are going to increase in value Great vineyard, great producer, great vintage and they're the kind of wines that you're going to buy and you're going to buy a lot for them but you sit on them for a long time definitely make sure that they are stored well and don't make sure that they are in a cellar where the temperature goes up and down, make sure its not warm Your corks will dry out, make sure it's humid so all of those sorts of things so if you're going to buy a really top end wine put it in a cellar and leave it for 20 years you'll see some investment come back to it. And what about counterfeit ones I've heard a little bit about that, but can you tell me a bit? Yeah. Counterfeit wines has been a thing which has been increasing over the last few years. There's been quite a famous case recently a guy called Rudy Kurniawan who was over in the states who was making industrial volumes of fake wine the fake wine market is very lucrative to the guy that's doing it because he could take this bottle of wine, he could change the vintage, he can kind of slightly sandpaper the label, he could kind of put a bit of mould on it a bit of dirt on it something like that and then rather than selling it as a as a 2014, he could sell it as you know a 1995 or something like that. The Counterfeit market generally tends to happen with the red wines. It's a clever market for the counterfeiter because he will sell it to collectors who really desperately want that bottle, you know they want that bottle of 1929 Romanee-Conti and if they find out that someone out there that has the bottle, you know they'll be quite blinkered so they'll just think wow I've got the bottle, They'll buy the bottle, they probably won't pay too much attention to it and then they open it for all their friends, obviously their friends are thrilled, because they think the tasting in 1929 Romanee-Conti and then at the end of the day you drink the evidence that there's nothing else remaining. So it's become a really lucrative business that the forgery market. And you just got to be very vigilant about it. I guess it's like things like art, you know, a first edition books, pieces of artwork you know or a Picasso or something like that. You know its all about finding out where it came from. What's made it so lucrative wine forgers is the fact that it's drunk, so it's gone after that, it just becomes a memory. Picasso is going to be hanging on the wall for 50 years and some wine experts is going to come and say that's not right. The wine you get one chance to decide whether it's right or not. And what about buying wine at auction? Buying wine in auction is a you can get some real bargains. You really know what you need to do. You kind of need to be used to that auction market especially if you're going for the big bottles. You don't want to accidentally scratch your nose and spend half a million pounds by mistake But yeah, if you know what you're doing. And again it's good provenance. It's good. It's you know an established auction house with a good reputation then yeah you can get bargains and often if you're looking for private sellers you know people that have either passed away and then selling the celler through someone like Christie's or Sotheby's or someone like that that's often the only way that you're going to get hold of that really old kind of iconic wine is through auction houses. So you mentioned cellars then, can you give me some tips on how to start my own cellar? You want to kind of think about what you want to put in there. So you want to want to mix it with some Grand Cru some Premier Cru some Village and then probably everyday drinking wine is going to be a straight Bourgogne. So you want different levels of wine for different occasions. You want mixture of red, a mixture of white and mixture of Cote De Nuit, Cote de Beaune a mixture Macon, that kind of diversity is good. As regarding storage, you want to be in a place which is dark. You don't want to you want to be a place which is relatively humid, you can kind of do that by getting a bucket full of sand and just make sure you're constantly keeping that sand wet in an enclosed room will keep it relatively humid. You don't want to be in a vibration, so you don't want movement and then you really don't want and probably the most important thing is fluctuations of temperature. So, if you're thinking about putting it in your garage or somewhere like that in wintertime it's going to be right down. it's gonna be down sub-zero sometimes so that wine is gonna get very cold and then you know if you garage has sunlight directly on the walls in summertime, a garage like that might get up quite high and really wine inside a bottle is a liquid and what happens is that liquid as it gets hot, it expands. As it gets cold, it contracts and you've got your cork in the end, what you do end up with if you're a big temperature fluctuations, you have something called thermal pistoning, and basically what happens is when it gets hot pushes the cork out maybe a millimetre or so when it gets very cold it sucks the cork back in, maybe a millimetre again or so with that thermal pistoning, that movement of the cork, what it really does it breaks the seal around the outside of the cork and it allows oxygen to get in, and if it allows oxygen to get in, your wine is to oxidise oxidise and become prematurely aged. and that's one thing that we do when we're buying wine as well. You would always look around the capsule, if you're buying a very old wine. If you saw signs of leakage in a wine dribbling out underneath the capsule or a wine that run across the label, they're all kind of no-no's or warning signs. So, yes, a celler needs to be humid. It needs to be at the even temperature relatively cool temperature and it wants to be out the lights and out of vibration. So if you want to put a little rack underneath your stairs but not for leaving it for 20 years or so. You know in winter you're going to put your central heating on and you boiler is going to spark up and you're going to end up with boiled wines. it depends on the size of the cellar really. And what about the size of the bottles does that make any big difference? Basically the smaller the bottle the more quickly it will age and the bigger the bottle more slowly it will age. So if you've got half bottles they're going to age probably twice as quickly as maybe a third as quickly as bottles. And then if you're going up to magnums and then methuselah's and jeroboam's and the really big imperials those big format, they're going to age very, very slowly it's really the ratio of liquid compared to how much liquid is touching the cork So big formats age over over a long period of time. But then again you wouldn't want to buy a you know an imperial of Grand Cru Burgundy and drink it, you probably wouldn't start drinking that for 30 years. So you've got to think about if I'm buying how much time have I got left. They're great investments, and they're great things you know, if you're kids born and you want to give him something great for his 21st birthday. Big format bottle. You know it is a great is a great present So do the critic scores have much effect on the prices of the wines this days? Probably the effect of the critics is less than it used to be probably 15-20 years ago it had a very significant impact on the price of wine I think less so nowadays, rise of social media and that sort of thing more sort of bloggers and things like that I think people I think people pay less attention to critic scores than they have done in the past. So, there will be some effect but I don't think it's as relevant as it used to be.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joesantamaria5874 [9 likes]: The best way to invest in Burgundy wines is to take the money you would have spent, buy an index fund, then take the resulting fortune and buy already cellared wines directly from the cellar of the producer. Job done. No forgeries, no worries.
  2. @sinclairwhitbourne2090: Leaving the investment bit to one side, I think you really need to do some serious drinking (a dirty job but someone's got to do it) and work out what you really like and then zone in on that. Some will love the muscularity of NsG, some will not. Some will like an accent on perfume and elegance, others the power of Vosne Romanee. Even within those areas, there will be issues around oak treatment, vineyard management (yield and ripeness, for example) etc. from maker to maker and even within a maker's range. 

It also helps to work out why you are going to cellar. Age is a thing in its own right for some, but for me it is a means to an end. I age for balance - time for tannins to soften and resolve, flavours to integrate. I quite like old characters in wine but for me balance is the thing. Others may find they prefer a wine that is still very fresh and fruit forward - so cellaring will be shorter.

It can also be helpful to buy some old bottles at auction of a wine you are thinking of buying to cellar.

Hope that helps a bit.

Buying wine as an investment, I think, is not a great way to make money, though some do well from it. By the time you allow for inflation, no interest payments/dividends and what are commonly quite high transaction costs (auction fee, taxes etc.) I think there are much better ways to make money. I also think wine is for drinking.
  3. @sonshi12nsp: What sort of return can you get  per annum over 20 years?
  4. @andrewyarosh1809: Why?  These wines deserve to be tasted and enjoyed.  Not hoarded. Those that do so are the ones that encourage  the counterfeiters and forgers.

- How to Connect with the Ultra Wealthy Through WINE (Even Without Drinking): Kind: captions Language: en If I lost all my contacts and [music] had to rebuild my ultra wealthy network from scratch all over again, one [music] of the ways I'll start with is with wine, even if I don't drink. In this video, I'll show you how wine becomes [music] a passport into rooms most people don't even know exist, and how you [music] can use it to attract high netw worth clients, investors, and highc caliber partners. Hi, I'm Vanessa, former ultra high netw worth [music] private banker from Goldman Sachs. Over the last decade, I've hosted vineyard dinners in Bordeaux, closed [music] eight figure deals at sorted beast wine auctions, and watched clients move millions with [music] a single swirl of the glass. Now, it is a common fallacy that you have to drink in [music] order to succeed in terms of business or leisure. But actually that is not true because wine isn't just about alcohol. [music] It's about access, identity, and power. You just have to understand [music] the hidden language of wine that connects you with the ultra rich. Even if you haven't tasted a single drop, wine isn't just a drink. It's [music] a universal status language. Like art and yachts, [music] but more approachable. Why does the ultra wealthy love wine? Well firstly because in terms of legacy [music] wine is generational. Think Rothchild antori or domain de la roman [music] ki. Secondly is because of scarcity. Top wines are produced in limited quantities. [music] So you can think of it as petress screaming eagle or DRC. And thirdly is due to its tax-free [music] portability. You can move 500k in value in a six bottle ladder trunk. And lastly, it's due to cultural sophistication. [music] Knowing wine implies worldliness, heritage, and refinement. So what's [music] the psychology behind wine and wealth? Here's what it signals. For patience, [music] age wine equates to long-term thinking. And for discretion, labels known only to insiders like clo dear and msato. And generational perspective. Here's an elite social cue. You could ask, "What wine reminds you most of your family legacy. It open doors to deep trust conversations and far more than any sales page." For ultra high net worth wine patterns, they collect in themes such as birth years, anniversaries, and vintage portfolios and many own vineyards as a way to flex cultural capital. And here's how to network true wine without drinking. Firstly, you could attend wine tastings where you observe, listen, and ask insightful questions. You could volunteer at private auctions like Christies, Solders Beast or Napa Premiere and host non-alcoholic pairing dinners and host non-alcoholic pairing dinners. You could learn the wine language like tanin verticals on premier and decanting and build a seller vision board by creating your dream seller on Pinterest. You could prep before events by researching the host wine served and expected guests as well as knowing wine eticate such as holding glass by the stem. Avoid talking price and respect tasting rituals. If you don't drink, you could order a mocktail, but engage deeply. And you could follow up by referencing the wine in your thank you email and having wine conversations trigger lasting impressions more so than drinking the wine itself. So, end of the day, it's all about social fluency more so than whether you drink. And here's where the ultra wealthy meet over wine. They meet in wine networking hotspots in Europe such as Chateau Smith Lafit, San Aong estates and Monaco yacht tastings. In the US it's Napa Valley Reserve, Meadowwood and Cult wine events. And in Asia, it would be Penfo Red Club, Tokyo Salons, and Singapore elite dinners. And here's a social cue. What you want to do is to comment on the terra, not the cost. You could say, "This reminds me of a cooler vintage from Burgundy." Instead of saying, "How much does this cost?" or "Is this expensive?" And for elite wine conversations that open doors, here are some prompt starters that you could use. You could ask, "Which wine do you associate with your first big deal? Do you prefer collecting or drinking?" And you could position with subtle status by quoting someone like Jean C. Robinson or Robert Parker. You could ask curious questions. How do you think climate change will affect Bodau in 2050? And you could also reference wine history. Did you try the 1929 Chateau Lour vertical and understand the bottle sizes right like Gerro Bomb and Methusella? Know when not to finish your glass and hold restraint and use prestige sparingly. Let them shine. Why do billionaires buy vineyards? because of status symbol legacy asset estate planning and global power move a client once gifted Roman Conti to every board member and it wasn't just fine it was a power flex you could have score stopping story expansions what else can you say at wine events do say what drew you to this region do you collect verticles have you explored a certain wine and don't say like I don't really know wine even if at least have the ability to have a conversation about it. And this is what gets you invited even if you don't drink. And here's what they silently notice. They notice how you hold the glass, whether it's by the stem or the bow. Uh if you smell the cork, if you talk terra, not the price, and if you recognize regional cues, like this smells ronish. And here's the unspoken status quotes in wine. that vintage is not necessarily automatically better and restrain signals power. Sending wine ahead of a meeting means a highlevel social cue. And lastly, refined pairing is more important than a flashy bottle. The moment you master the quotes of wine, your next investor, luxury partner, or ultra high net worth client becomes inevitable. They don't want to be peach. They just want to feel understood and seen. In my course, Elevating Circles, you'll learn how to decode high status behaviors, build trust with ultra- high netw worth individuals, and speak the silent languages of wealth. This is your new edge, your unfair advantage. So, I'll put the link for elevating circles below so you can check it out. And in my next video, I'll be showing you how to connect with the ultra wealthy through yachts, even if you've never stepped on one. We're talking charter psychology, maritime social cues, and the quotes of super yachts. So, subscribe, hit the bell, like this video, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessajetsets: Do you have a favourite wine that you like to drink?