- Inside Burgundy: Terroir, Price & Prestige: Kind: captions Language: en They they say it takes 10 years to learn about Bordeaux and the rest of your life to learn about Burgundy. If you'll find if you ever go on holiday to Burgundy, you can't just turn up. >> You need appointments. There's a wonderful thing you can do where you drive from north to south in in Burgundy that you actually pass through all the finest labels you've ever come across cuz all the villages are actually called by the names of the proper fine wines. this idea of terowir is this connection between uh soil uh climate uh topography and and human intervention. >> I see you've been rubbing them in the dirt to make them >> Well, no, they I I I do I do prefer to drink from what I call the dusty end of the cellar. >> Hello and welcome to the Luxury Dispatch, the podcast that reveals the refined and the rare people, items, and stories that make up the luxury industry. I'm Tom Chamberlain and today we shall be descending into the cellar into that ancient hallowed and frankly ruinous world of Burgundy wine. A place where limestone and monks and Napoleonic inheritance law conspired over a thousand years to produce something the rest of the world has never quite managed to replicate. My guests are Jordi Willis of the legendary Berry Brothers and Rudd, a man who has spent his life in devoted and distinguished service to the grape, and a man many call Nick, but who I call dad. an enhile who has accumulated over many decades a considerable number of opinions about Burgundy and how it should be drunk and who with hello to you both. >> Hello. >> So this is definitely one of those uh subjects that I think anyone who's watching or interested in luxury dispatch will have heard of will think they know a bit about but ultimately will be curious to know more. So why don't we just go right back to the beginning. Burgundy has a lot of history both when it comes to you know uh the wars between the English and the French. The beagundians were huge players in that. When did Burgundy as a great wine region become something that the world knew about and certainly when it become established in France? >> Well, I suppose Burgundy was producing wine uh right back to the Roman times. So, so you you were possibly a thousand years out in terms of how long the Venice history has been there. Um, but it wasn't really until the middle ages um between the uh 14th and 15th century that the Burgundy came into its own. Um, and and this was a time when um the uh Beandian dukes ruled ruled the land. Uh there were four wonderful beandian jukes with great names. There was um Philip the Bold. There was uh uh John the Fearless, Philip the Good, uh Charles the Rash. These these >> John the Drunk. >> John the Drunk. The lesserk known John John the Slightly tipsy. >> He was talked about less. But but the reason that's important, there's two reasons really, but one of the reasons is that that Burgundy stretched much further than it does today. So we think about Burgundy as being this region in the uh east of uh of m east of France. Um but actually at that point it went all the way up uh towards the North Sea. So so Burgundy was this illustrious region um that was known for culture, was known for luxury. Um the the the land expanded all the way up uh towards Fllanders uh which was sort of the sort of Silicon Valley of the day. So there was huge wealth and uh and huge interest. So so the Burgundian dukes are important in this story. Uh not least because in the 14th century in 1395 uh the Philip the Bold um uh got rid of the game grape in Burgundy. Um which is why really Pino is the is the core grape there. >> Could it could you just explain what game grape is? >> Yeah. So, so game is another another great varietal which is um uh in the Burgundy region because Burgundy splits out into different parts uh and one part is Bojlet uh which which is further south uh uh south of the Mach um and it's a different uh uh land type. The geology is different. So, it's granite rather than limestone which we might talk about in a bit. Yeah. Um but G was considered a little bit too rough and ready for for the core Burgundy region and was banished south. Um so so Burgundy itself is two very distinct grapes but not Gam. >> Okay. And we know Burgundy today as being two grape varietals. Is that right? So Dad, what was left over? Well, the the two grape varietals obviously is the Pon Noir, which is the principal grape and in fact it's 100% in in in the whole Burgundy region. And um in in the south uh which is where the finest of the white wines made in in Burgundy, it's the Chardonnay grape, which again is 100% of all white wines. you don't they don't have a mix of wines like other districts in um in France do. It should be it should be really straightforward because really these two grapes are dominant across the region. There's a couple of uh small examples but it is 95% of the entirety of Burgundy is these two grapes but surprisingly it's unbelievably complex in a in a positive way. >> And so when these two grapes it was it was it was established that there would be these two grapes. >> Yeah. How did that affect like the production or how did itffect in terms of what we know of Burgundy today establishing these two as it >> yeah I mean how did how did that um come about? >> Well I suppos I suppose the important starting point is is the land uh Burgundy itself. >> Yeah. >> So so if I can just take a moment to explain how it was all set out because I suspect some of your listeners won't have won't have necessarily been there. Yeah. >> So you have Shabi at the top. Um and Shabi is slightly separate. It's some distance from from the core of Burgundy. It's actually closer to Champagne than it is to Burgundy. Um which is all white wines. Tiny bit of Sonia Blancet, but but broadly all white wines and uh Shabi is made from Chardonnay. Um you then go south and you hit Djon and uh Djon is the start of the coat door which is a tiny area given its fame. So it's about 60 km in length. At some points it's about 2 km wide. And it's made up of in the north the coat nui um and in the south the coat deone. Uh the north is famous for the greatest red wines known to man. Uh and the south is where these wonderful white wines come from. But the land which uh if we go back u even further back to the Jurassic period is all limestone. So some of it is uh up north Karigian soil which has lots of fossils. If you're in Shabli and you go searching around the vineyards, you find these uh little fossilized shells and stuff like that which are wonderful. Uh it's almost closer to the champagne um uh terow. Um but as you get into uh the coat door, you have um this wonderful limestone escarment um long and thin from north to south. Um and it just so happens that uh Pan Noir and Chardonnay uh do wonderfully well there. Um we would probably be fair in saying that there is no place better for Pan Noir in the world. It is it is grown elsewhere. You get it in places like Oregon in the US. You get it in places like uh Australia and Tasmania. Uh you even get it to great effect in um in central Targetago and New Zealand. But Burgundy is the absolute uh epicenter of pininoir. Chardonnay grows well in lots of places. It's it's a little bit more uh easy growing, but at the same time, these two grapes have come up um and they are at their absolute best in the region. >> And you were saying that uh because you mentioned code to bone, you were saying that Bone was the sort of >> Bone is really the center of the entire Burgundy district and it's sort of north of Bone really where these amazing red wines are made. I I'd add a little bit to what you said. Each estate, it's dependent on whether they have a south. It's the facing of the the the hills and how high you are in the hills which changes the soil structure altogether. And um some of the finest wines are made in very very small parcels only because the the ground isn't available or it's not it's not of the right quality to um to to be able to produce the grapes that make that very fine top end wine. the GR crew of the of the very best and and an area like the domains of Ramen Conte for example which has five different um labels just make the most stunning wines almost un they're in such small quantity that of course they're almost unaffordable nowadays sadly >> well we'll get to the point about uh estates and names and how that affects >> wine especially I think what a lot of people wonder is why one estate will costs £1,000 a bottle where the next door estate is 20 a bottle. We'll get to that in a sec. But let's >> talk about the transition from Burgundy becoming something that was now filled with estates that had names to it that were developing wines >> that they were becoming famous for ultimately. Let's talk about that. >> So, so even further back than the jukes of Burgundies. So the the reason that there are so many uh complex u vineyards and sites we call them kleat um is that the monks um in the 12th century and 13th century there were benedicting monks um who founded u their abbey at Clooney in 910. Uh later on the Cistersians uh uh formed their abbey at uh Sito which you may recognize from the the cheese delicious cheese from Sito. Um but they were extraordinary wine makers and they were meticulous. So they really understood the land. We talk we talk about terowa um and this idea of terowar is this uh connection between uh soil uh climate uh topography and and human intervention. And because Burgundy is so uh different sometimes by a matter of steps um the hills uh the slopes, the heights, the the aspect of the sun and so on that all these little fragmented uh vineyards were considered to be be able to produce different stars wines and so on. So so that was the sort of formation initially of this idea of different cleats. Um on top of that u you get to a point uh after the French Revolution um when the monasteries and the aristocracy had their lands disbanded. Um and in 1804 you have the Napoleonic code uh which is really important particularly in Burgundy because it moves from primogenitor uh to splitting land across all of your heirs. >> Right. Okay. So one huge estate could suddenly find itself. >> It means that the families hang on to the properties. That's basically what it is. And um they will make wines to their own almost sort of their own menu almost because they they are just individuals rather than a commune as such. I mean they will sell some of the wines into a sort of village wine commune to make the general sort of village wine in the area. But for their own wines they'll want to make it specifically theirs. They want a particular taste. >> Forgive me that could that not potentially be a recipe for disaster in that you know people four let's say four children inherit an estate and they have four children each and suddenly it all kind of goes down like that. Is there like with you know Rolex for example there is a strict set of codes as to how the company can be run. Is that sort of the same with the vineyards do or do are they are they able to sort of you know basically by board decision? you're you're right that the fragmentation uh is um it's it it creates complications. So you can have a very small area that is split by many many people. So Clo de Vujo for example um which was set up uh by the by the uh monks um it's only uh about 50 hectares I think. >> Um but at times there have been many as 80 owners sometimes with just a number of vines. Um so so whereas Bordeaux is all about estates and the shadows. So you mentioned shadow shadow very Bordeaux piece >> uh Burgundy is very much around uh vineyards. >> Okay. >> If that if that makes sense. So Bordeaux large and Bordeaux is four times the size of Burgundy and their production is four times the size as well. But the estates, the chats, the lurs and so on, uh they are large uh businesses, often familyowned still, but but large businesses, corporations almost that have large estates which all come into one wine. >> Whereas a a Beaglian wine maker might have lots of little cremats around the place. Um and the wine is ranked based on the vineyard rather than the person making it. So this is where knowledge comes in really to be really important that you might have something like clo deujo where you have lots of different people making a clujo >> um but some might be better at making it than others. Some might have more time attention uh uh skill as as wine maker. So, so actually knowing your your vineyards, your cleats will come on to Appalachians and things like that, but also knowing your wine makers is a really important part of understanding Burgundy. And it's a fun part as well. The the complexity makes it interesting. Um, it can be a little bit daunting. Um, for a for a region that only has two grapes. But actually, that's where I think a lot of people get their real pleasure from is understanding the vineyards and the regions more. >> How did you come to understand the regions and the vineyards? Well, I think probably from the experience of fortunately being able to taste some of the lovely wines made by the best producers because there's a vast difference between somebody who will make the top wine of that particular area um and and the people who um they're different. It's a different skill and the wine maker is probably living in a small house and underneath his house will be a seller twice the size of the house he's living in >> and it's extraordinary and they will make this and they actually live for it. I mean it is um they become it is their life and that's what they do and they they make most magnificent wines which are hugely enjoyable to drink and and they will you know every year they will absolutely certain to get it as best they possibly can and I think that actually is where it separates from some of the the wines in other regions of France which you know they just want quantity wines coming out and they want to sell as much as they can but Burgundist you know because it's a small quantity, they will um you know, they want to make the best and and hopefully be able to sell it at the best price for themselves. >> Yeah, these these are these are small family businesses. So, so the the house analogy is really interesting because a small farmhouse um if you'll find if you ever go on holiday to Burgundy, you can't just turn up. >> You need appointments. And uh whereas in Bordeaux um or Napa, I mean Napa, there are uh certain properties where the car park is bigger than the the vineyard. >> Um maybe slightly. Um in Bordeaux, it is very much set up as a as a brand. Uh there was a a phrase poetic. Um so for the label where you have these shadows the this of status symbols whereas Burgundy has always been um small family businesses small holdings a real attention to the land that's not to dismiss any of the other regions who who produce extraordinary wines as well but there is something special about Burgundy. Is there a secret for the layman to kind of come to learn about Burgundy? Because it feels like it's a much more complex wine to be educated on in comparison to these Bordeaux wines that that trade off the name. >> It's very difficult to find. Um I pen noir is as you say the the the grape varietal but um there are not that many pen noir that are absolutely exceptional. I mean it's an extraordinary >> bought six bottles. >> I bought some bottles which >> which sort of I think probably >> they're bottles which I brought um which have over the past years or so been drunk sort of in my house and they're all >> Well, no. They I I I do I do prefer to the cellar because I think it's it's an exceptional thing if you've got a very fine wine. No, it means that if you um you don't want to buy a bottle and if you can avoid having to drink it when it's extremely young because it doesn't have any of the flavors. It's not as complex. It doesn't have >> the um in in bottle it's sort of developing a full um experience. >> Is there is there a time period that you think uh Burgundy shouldn't be drunk? Well, it it depends on the I mean, if you're talking about a GR crew, which I mean is actually a very limited number. >> Could you explain what GR crew is? >> Well, GR crew is the very top end of the the wines that are made there. And there are some I mean there's some GR crew here. For example, the um >> Should we go we'll go from left to right, but what do we what just to just to explain vernacular quickly? Well, it a GR crew is um their number one um production of they will also make other wines >> and we've heard we've spoken in the past about first growth second growth. So is this the equivalent of that in Burgundy or it is entirely different? >> It's the equivalent of a first grade for >> So because there and then is it premier crew after that? >> Yes. I mean it drops down to premier crew and then you've got various other levels and it's very difficult to actually read the label of a of a fine burgundy because they they all have their own No, but they all have their own way of expressing themselves on the label >> and often very similar names in the same >> Exactly. Oh, I see. Yeah. >> So, so the way that the classification works is there was a a classification in Bordeaux in 1855, which was the first gross, the second gross and so on, which has broadly stayed the same with the exception of Muton, which was upgraded in the ' 70s. Um, since that time in Burgundy, the classification came much later. Um and the Appalachion Control uh came in in 1935 and that was put in place to set up and set out um the quality structure of the vineyards. So uh Shabi is slightly different so I'll leave that out. Um but in the uh coat door you have GR cruise um that is the very top. Um you have uh uh premier crews, you have village level and you have a sort of generic regional level. Um there are I think 84 it does change occasionally but I think there are 84 apples and um and the way it splits down is you have uh 33 GR crews at the top village there are 44 um and then premier crew came in slightly uh later but there's over 600 uh premier crews. So it's complicated because your village uh or your village um will often have a name that is related funny enough to the GR crew wine. So somewhere like Jehcame Jevre Shamatam because the most famous vineyard there was Shamatan. The GR crew was Shambetam. Um so so it is quite complex. Um because of the fragmentation through families you often have similar names. I mean maybe cousins. Um someone once said to me that every family has an idiot cousin and if you don't know who yours is, you need to look at yourself quite carefully. That that probably applies in wine as well to a certain extent. So you you you need to get into the the the detail of it. >> Um but primarily remember all of this applies to the potential of the land. >> So it's not necessarily what is being produced, the quality of the wine maker. It is the inherent quality of the land and then the knowledge comes from whether a particular wine maker is doing particularly good things. >> I see. >> Does that make does that make sense? >> Yes. So it's almost like a sort of reverse Michelin star kind of, you know, because Michelin star >> it's a it's a pyramid. each um um sort of producer has his own style and it's an extraordinary thing and we're sitting here in March at the moment and if you went to um there's there's a wonderful thing you can do if you drive from north to south in in Burgundy that you actually pass through all the finest labels you ever come across because all the villages are actually called by the names of the proper fine wines and there they are on the side of the road. And it's a fantastic thing to watch. But also, you'll see the vineyards themselves. And at this time of the year where they're just beginning to show signs of early sort of um budding and so on, all of them have been cropped. They've been they they they've been cut to a different shape. Um depending on which family, each person who makes a wine has his own style of actually um doing all his all his the end of season pruning. Yeah. and and some let them stay fairly tall, some of them want them horizontally and and they're all different. They're it's extraordinary and you can see and you think, I wonder whether that's a better wine than the one next door to it just because it's entirely differently um it's been >> um just presented differently and I I suspect it probably does have some sort of a a difference. I suspect the roots will have um changed in the way that they um respond to the way that they've been sort of set up upstairs as it were because what what a what a burgundy wine producer is trying to do is get the absolute best out of the land. Yeah. >> So it's not about significant intervention. It's working with the land working with that very specific klemat. Um there's over,200 cremats um in Burgundy and what they want is the absolute best expression of that land. The the other thing that's worth mentioning in terms of these um uh appalacons is the the hill itself is vitally important. >> So what you tend to find is that the village wines the most generic wines are at the bottom. So that wonderful road if you're driving from Djon south >> they're actually thinking the lesser wines. >> Yes. Exactly. So, so the um RN74 I think it was called, it may have been changed, but the rudon crew all the way down. >> If you're standing on the road, the the wines around you is the most fertile soil. Um wine doesn't necessarily want the most fertile soil. Actually, doesn't want it. It needs to struggle a little bit. So, your village wines, your generic wines tend to be there. You then see these villages with names that you recognize recognize like Jeffrey Shamatan, Morris, Sandeni, Shambul, Musini and places like that. Um and that's where your village wines are. Um your premier crews are within that area as well. But as you go to the mids slope, you've got your premier cruise and your GR cruise. Um because typically that is the best uh land with the best um aspect of the sun. So the code is east facing, the code uh deone is is uh southeast facing. Um best soil, best drainage. And then as you go further up the hill, um it gets a little bit thin again. Um, so you often have varage wines at the top, but that's changing. We might come back to climate change and stuff like that. Okay. >> But that gives you a sort of a broad slightly dumb down 101 of what you're looking at, but it but it is complicated. >> Dad, we've mentioned before. >> Well, I've got a few there. >> Let's go left to right as to what they are and why you've bought them and what you think of them. >> Well, they're all um wines which are very hard to find nowadays. I mean this um the one on the left which is from particularly good vintage 2002 is a Shambong Musini made by Robert Anro who is a the Ano um V again absolutely top quality um wine maker uh with a a really tightly controlled production and and that wine there um is fabulous to drink but but it's not a a GR crew But it's um it's it's it's top end Premier Crew. The one next to it, which is probably as good a bottle on as there is out there. Maybe the one next to it slightly better, but is the 1990 Clo Rash from Domain Pono. And Pono is another name in Burgundy, which if you can get any of their wines, they will always make something of a very high that is a GR crew. That's an outstanding wine. Um the one next to it goes right up to the very top end of the quality which is available which is the domain of Romney Conte and um >> which is a famous >> it is they they make um Roman Conte wine they make Latash they they make um um uh this this particular one is a very unusual one because they don't normally make a Vone Roman but in 1998 they had this or 1999 I'm afraid that they made this exceptional wine. Um, and um, it was only released as a reserve label because they had a quality or the quantity that they wanted to make in the other um, grapes they had. They could actually release enough to make that particular label. So they produced it then and and that one is they they had only made two labels of that particular name um up to the 1999 and since then I think they made two maybe three more I can't remember how many but it very rarely comes out. It's a lovely wine and um again very hard to find. Um the um the next one is very interesting because it's uh it's known as opies to bone. Now Bone every year has this auction in the central of of Bone. You've got a big square with sort of cobble square and it's wonderful old um >> it's a lovely town. Well, it is well the the the roof of the opies um which is an old hospital really and it's it's now a center of a big auction every year and what the way it's operated is that um chosen wine producers will be asked to present a wine to the auction which will then go forward and people will buy that particular barrel or whatever it is they say and and they you know they they get good good money for it normally And the great thing is that if you're invited to make a wine with that label on it and they all look the same. They got the little sort of um shield on one side and says Oistone on the top and so on. This particular one was a 2011 but and it was it was a PW which is a very nice wine. Um >> and did you go to the auction for that or did you pick it up? >> I didn't go to that one. No, I picked that one up somewhere else. But I did actually years and years ago go to the auction. I used to know the Faverly family which were the people who actually own the majority of the center of bone because the underside of the square is one big seller to be honest and um I went there one year I can't remember which was in the 80s I think maybe earlier and um they um it's a wonderful experience >> before I came along and ruined things >> yes you ruined it business as one might have expected >> fatherhood >> it's been very hard to drink ever since then anyway incentivize you to drink more. >> All I can tell you is that it's um the people invited to make that wine will always make something at the very very best top end that they can. So it's worth looking at that buying. So you're always going to get good product. >> Now the one on the the other side of that is a we're going on to the white burgundy there. That's the Chardonnay which is it's called Creo Battle Moreshi. You know, Battle Mores is the top um name for GR crew in the white in white Burgundy and and Bat is fantastic. Actually, Lumache is the um the very top end. And funnily enough, the demand Roman Ki do make a LE which and two or three other producers do, but underneath that you've got the bat mores and this particular one is called Creo Bat Mesh and that is the smallest GR crew vineyard in the world. I mean, it's absolutely tiny. It's the size of this room almost. And and and and there I think they got three people who plant their vines there and make a particularly fine wine every year. It's absolutely delicious, >> but clearly very limited. >> Very very limited and very hard to find. Um and and then there's a favorly wine there which is the the Mercury at the end. I can't remember what V. Oh, it's 2014. I I brought that along just as a bottle which is that's an affordable bottle I would say. >> Yeah. So that's I think a really interesting one that we should go on to because what where you both have basically set this up so far through the conversation is that burgundy is very rare, very special, very hard to get your head around, >> which makes it sound like it's not going to be accessible both in terms of knowledge and price. But Jordy, can I just ask you what you've brought in? >> From left to right. So, I I've bought full bottles rather than empty ones. Um, which is why they're a little bit a little bit um cleaner. They're at the less dusty end of the seller. >> Um, but the reason reason I brought them is uh not because I've uh drunk them and have wonderful memories of them, but more because they are uh interesting examples of those quality levels that we spoke about. So, the one on the left, the Cotto, is a GR crew. Uh the one next to it the pomad uh is a premier crew and the final one the oxy dress is the uh village level. So so it's just an indication. Now the problem is Tom as you're looking at them is they all to the uninitiated look quite similar. >> Yep. >> So so in terms of the uh cost per bottle uh or indeed what the words would be on a on a menu um it is it is a little bit complicated. Um the important thing to say though when um when we're looking for value is is burgundy getting really expensive is actually relatively recent. >> So so it hasn't always been incredibly expensive. It's always been revered in terms of its quality but you only have to go back sort of 40 years um you know 85 was a tremendous vintage when these wines would have been really quite accessible. So you hear about people as students buying uh s of GR crew wines for what today would be considered pittance for a case and a case would have been 12 bottles in those days. These days cases have got smaller because the wines have got more expensive. So six bottles or or three bottles. >> Um 2005 things started getting a bit silly and getting really expensive because the point um of these particular vineyards is they're not getting any bigger. You can't change the size of it. Some of them are are literally walled in the clo like cloac or clo deujo means the the wall the stone wall around it which was originally to keep out animals >> but they are they are the size is the size therefore as demand goes up uh price goes up and we can come back to that >> do people ever amalgamate >> in what sense >> two different producers >> well only if you've got a what call the spare wines that they actually picking will go centrally to someone who will make they won't necessarily have their own. >> Is that an equivalent to remember you were telling me about Poyak and things like that? You know they kind of sell in bottles that have generic exactly it be the region but um but I I I don't think you'd find um >> many I mean the lower end of the Burgundy wines are probably made by more of a commune than they are of a of an individual house. Okay, >> there is value in burgundy though. Um, and there are some good hints and tips in terms of where to find it. But, but value is often found on the peripheries. >> So, Shabi, for example, um, top Shablies and, uh, and more generic Shablies um, don't have a huge price spread. So, you can often find some great value in in Shabi. You can find some very expensive top- end shabi as well, but um, but there's good value there. There are also places which are quite close to some of the very well-known uh villages. So um if you go down to Muro which is a very famous um uh uh village in in the Kot Debone famous for these rather rich Chardonnay wines. Um not far away up the valley um slightly off the um the slope uh you have um villages like San Roma or Oxy Duress um the wine I brought there as an oxym >> um they are a better value because previously historically they would have been slightly further away slightly higher up and perhaps not able to make the wines of the quality. So that has changed. Then when you go further south and you get to places like the Macon um Macon vage at the top of the Macon you'll often find fantastic wines at at good value. So, so the the hint that I've uh heard um a number of times is that if you if you know what your budget is, um go for the best wines of a lesser known uh uh village Appalachian uh rather than necessarily a lesser wine from a very well-known uh place >> because there is there is value there. I mean they do get up to you know something like um DRC Romney Conti will get up to tens of thousands of pounds a bottle. So, so that is at a particular end of the scale, but they produce a tiny amount. >> You know, uh their top vineyard produces probably 5,000 bottles a year, >> whereas a chat leaf will produce 20,000 cases a year. >> So, so there is a scale thing here. >> With that in mind, Dad, you brought that along. Does that sort is this bottle here. Um, >> well, I actually >> because that's sort of a good example of what he was just talking about. >> Well, it's probably not a good bottle to refer to because that's actually a little bit further south. It's from Boj and it's a more actually well it it's it is a pino noir. So, I mean that's when I was bringing bottles, I thought it's basically a bottle shape that um identifies the the burgundy aspect of it. So all those bottles you can see are pretty well the same shape. Um whereas if you went to any of the Bordeaux bottles they have their own particular shape as well which is very different from those. The re the reason for the shape um is about the sediment that winds through off. So so the shoulders of a Bordeaux bottle if you can picture it are square. Yes. not square but more more square >> because um the grapes used in Bordeaux the cabin so the merlo and so on >> they they throw off sediment over time so when you're pouring um the shoulder catches some of that sediment in there that's that's the theory and you still get it out of these as well I mean the the the um some of the burgundies are the unstrained burgundy as it were it can can throw quite a decent deposit >> but not not as like it. They like to chew it and they have it's almost like the person's nose, you know. They want little and they have this sort of wonderful their their pallet as such. They just know I know they come out purple teeth. >> Great. So, um, in terms of drinking it, cuz these are, um, Burgundy glasses. >> What do you think that obviously these are much bigger, rounder, they're like bowls ultimately. Why why does that make a difference? Why is that important for Burgundy? Or is it just frankly for show? >> No, I mean, I think I think that glass makers started making lots of different glass sizes um, in the last uh, 50 years or so probably. >> Yeah. Um and there is a slightly different uh shape. The uh burgundy glasses are more glow. >> Um sometimes people drink things like Barola from Italy out of those as well. They in theories have captured the the fragrance of the of the wine. Um and I've never I've never thought to myself drinking out of a Burgundy glass, I wish this was a different shaped glass. So I think I think there is a there is a science there as well. I mean, also, if you're a wine glass maker and you can convince your customers that they need one of each, then there's probably a commercial decision there as well. But but I think there is a a bit of science there >> because these wines are they're they're light and bright and uh in in youth they get more complex with age where they get a bit more um vegetital and uh subwo which is a a sort of mulchiness um in time which a lot of burgundy collectors love. But they are uh wonderfully fragrant wines. Um so that's why the the glasses would be entirely appropriate. You can often pour um a GR crew Burgundy and you put it in the glass and it looks almost transparent. It's just it doesn't have any of the sort of body that you see in a bouet wine for example >> and you look through it and you think how can that have anything and then you put it to your nose and then you taste it and it absolutely explodes. It's a wonderful wonderful experience. >> Very hard to find it. It's very hard to find a good peninoir. I was saying to you, Jordy, earlier on that um I I I have a little role >> with with with one of the London clubs that I've been working with for a long time >> and um we've been producing extremely good wine list. Yeah. >> But the hardest wine for us to establish for you know which people would give you a a good report on is the penoir. So the club pen noir is always a hard thing to find because they tend to be rather more expensive than they should be >> um against the quality that they can throw. So you've got to find one which balances between the two. So you've got something it's quite clearly the peninoir nose and taste and everything else without it actually costing >> um unnecessarily high prices on the list. >> And do you do you ever go outside of Burgundy for that or is the demand for burgundy? >> Yes, I mean there are alternatives. We we have Chilean. >> Um peninoir which actually it's not bad but I think you made a point earlier that in a funny way Burgundy Paninoir has a character all of its own. >> Uh the nose is different. Um it's it it is the same grape but I think that the way that the roots have to work very hard to get the flavor out. Burgundy is the ones because they're ancient roots in those. I mean, they go down an awful long way >> and and they um and I think they probably put more style and and um time and effort behind the actual making of the wine than they do in other places manufacturing. >> Pan Noir is a is a great reflector of teroir. M so so you often hear in um in far-flung wine producing countries around the world that they're making wine in a burgundy style- which is I understand what they mean by that but actually um it's it's a difficult thing to get your head around because actually u burgundy style can only really come from Burgundy. >> Yeah. So you can make wonderful wines in central Targetago and New Zealand or Oregon in California. Um but they are of their own place. So so that's the wonderful thing about Pin Noir is that is a true reflector of place. So with regards to exactly what you were just talking about, someone goes to a restaurant, you know, they're looking at the the menu. menus can be pretty intimidating because there's a lot of names on there, there's a lot of years on there, a lot of price tags on there. So identifying a Burgundy that isn't nec because obviously we know just from especially just from this conversation that if they pick the Roman Conte, they're going to get a nice wine. But that's not going to be the case for a lot of people. Well, yeah, that's the thing. >> So what is is there a hack? Is there a secret for people? Well, I think my answer to that is that um it it's you probably starting with a white wine and the white on wines are much easier to buy because as we go, we've got the mack wines which are always quite good value. They're not going to be exceptionally high value and you probably are not going to go to a restaurant unless it's a particularly fine place uh to to to select a GR crew white wine because it's going to be out of your well most people's range anyway. Um, and you've got you've got the uh Mac cheesy, you've got the Mac vir, you've got all sorts of mac wines and they're they're very um drinkable. You know, they they have a flavor and you and and um you know they're good fresh. You drink them young. You don't have to wait particularly long time for these things. um one of the um the other subjects that if you're talking about the GR crew end, you don't want to open a GR crew bottle of Burgundy unless it's probably 10 years old and then it will carry on as well for some time. It will flatten out at some stage, but it'll become still retain its quality for a very long time if it's selled properly. And um the the whites are much fresher and earlier drinking. Um but they also making the the I would say the village wines the com commune wines of a pin noir are also to be drunk reasonably young. Um I mean obviously it's in the interest of the producers to sell as much of the the the vintage that they produced as quickly as possible. Um it's only say the very top end wines they're making that will go on for much longer and be stay they'll be in barrels for longer and so on. But um on a list I mean it depends what you're drinking or what you're eating. I mean if you're going to choose a meat um there are certain meats where pen noir is actually the I mean if you're going to have game for example in in say it's it's grass season or something. >> Um well it's the the best choice you can make is to have a bea wine. So go to Burgundy once. I think that I' I've probably got a a couple of additional hacks and I agree entirely, Nick, in terms of the the the regions that have particular uh quality and value built in. But the the first thing is if you if you're going to go and drink Burgundy in a restaurant, um go to a restaurant that really understands Burgundy uh first of all. So there are fantastic restaurants in London like Noble Rot or Kabot in the city where they take great pride in in Burgundy and and therefore you're in the right right spot. >> The the second thing is and I think I probably mentioned this to you before Tom is the sleier is there to be your friend. >> Yeah. So, if you are in a restaurant, the most important thing to point out, let's say you know you want a white burgundy, um I would come in very open-minded and I would say to the smellier, I'm going to point at the list, and you can do this discreetly. You don't need to do this in front of all your guests. And I personally point to the price first. And I say, I want something round about here. Um this is what we're all eating. um we would love a white burgundy or something similar um what would you recommend at at that point you are taking the knowledge and the information that they are paid to provide people can find simile is very daunting and I think that there's the old sort of trope of the the rather pompous smellier looking down their nose at you and um and dismissing you because you're pronouncing words wrong and so on today you know you've got these passionate young people working in the wine hospitality industry who can't wait to tell you about their most recent find. >> So, if you know what your price point is, that's a great starting point. If you know what you're eating, that's a great starting point. Um, you don't have to do the heavy lifting yourself. You don't have to match them yourself. Um, you know, there are certain um ways of thinking about food, you know, if it um if if it grows together, it goes together. People often say so you know food from a particular region you know burgundy would be known for things like jamon per pcille which would be fantastic with a white burgundy or morrett which would be brilliant with with red. Um you might have sort of mushroom dishes which go very well with pino noir and things like that as well but but put the hard work onto the sleier and and put a bit of trust into them. Jordy, I I entirely agree and I think you made a big point and that is >> the restaurant itself has got to have somebody running their wine list who sort of understands what they're doing. >> And there are as you say know what I mean Bellamies is a good example because it always I mean the Ruy there for example is fantastic. It's very good value. That's a outstanding um Chardonnay. Wasn't that a Gil's kind of note on his review of Bellamies? Basically just saying he can't quite get his head around how amazing the wine list was. Well, and well the other thing is that the you know Gavin who runs it um actually has his own little sort of corner of the wine list which is his selection handwritten his handwritten himself and he will always have a burgundy on that and and they they're they're presented so that they're good value as well as of quality because I mean you know that restaurant knows it >> and um but I think more broadly we're talking about the Burgundy, we should think about the the average man who goes into a supermarket >> um will see a great array of bottles, a lot of which are Burgundies and a lot of which actually pretty good and then some of them quite good value and and the reason is that the top supermarkets actually engage people to work for them who are very knowledgeable. Yeah. and they buy a big quantity from various manufacturers or producers and um when they do that they they are you know they're not going to settle for something which is um second rate against what they're looking for and they will you know the pricing of them is pretty good. It it it's probably the best way to bring drink Burgundy if you if you want to feel a slightly less hit in the wallet on it. >> Um is to to go to either a wine merchant or some of the good >> Yes. Thanks such as yourself. >> Exactly. Or some of the good supermarkets because they they they have chosen decent wines and they are pretty good value. Wouldn't you say? >> You have you have brilliant wine buyers at supermarkets. Now, um the the one thing I would say and the reason I would always fight for the independent merchants >> is is that if you go into a supermarket, regardless to how good it is as a supermarket, it's pretty unlikely you're going to find someone who's going to be able to help you on the wine. >> Well, that's true cuz the wine buyers are just floating around like it's it's the funny thing that if you know a lot about wine as you do, Nick, supermarket's quite a good place to shop. Well, you can recognize labels which you can you sort of get an instant >> you can recognize labels. >> Yeah, I know. But I think probably that's that's probably rare rather than everybody. >> Yes. No, but that's my point is is there is there a way of educating people or people people finding themselves getting more familiar with these? Well, I I think I mean my my advice would be u until you have that level of of knowledge where you can spot villages or Jesus names you might know >> ask an expert >> is if you if you go into an independent merchant you know that could be Barry Brothers it could be a number of other brilliant merchants yeah there are other merchants are available >> but um but you get to go into a a shop >> um or online but let's just talk about shops for a moment and you can ask someone very uh simple questions. Now, those questions could be, I have a particular interest in a wine from this particular Kleat in Burgundy. More likely, it's we're having fish pie for supper tonight. What would you recommend? >> So, so the joy of being in a in a independent merchant and asking for their advice is these people are there, available, passionate, uh knowledgeable, and will take your situation as well as your taste profile. You know, if you're trying to impress your father-in-law on a Thursday, that may be a different type of wine than you would have if you're drinking something in front of EastEnders on a Tuesday. >> If somebody's in a in a place where you're allowed to get your phone out anyway, >> could they take a picture of and are people sort of take a picture of the menu running GPT and saying, "Which one should I be guessing because I'm >> So, so if you Yeah. I mean, if you were to take a photo of a wine list these days and um and you said it to, you know, any AI chat GBT uh whatever it might be, I'm sure if you were to say that you had a particular budget in place, you'd be able to get a recommendation back. >> So, yeah, I mean a AI is going to change the wine world as as much as every >> What do you think is going to change these more, AI or climate change? O that's race. So ch climate change is an interesting one because climate change in Burgundy >> um the Burgundy region has gone up in temperature by about a degree maybe a degree and a half since the 80s. So so it is getting warmer. What that has done in the short term is that there are certain regions particularly regions that might have been slightly higher up the slope which actually might be seeing uh an improvement in quality. >> Mhm. >> Okay. So uh the uh Oko Deon Okcoi higher up the slopes uh you might see some really interesting wines coming from there. Um there are other particular regions funny enough the pomade which I brought in which is a little bit humid in in Pomard may see certain benefits. Um, however, it is clearly not a good thing. And what climate change also brings is uh very tempestous weather. And remember, um, the weather in Burgundy is actually bloody hard weather for making wine in. Uh, >> rains a lot, does it? >> It's it's just it's it's it's just not particularly consistent. I think the problem is also that you can get some very warm spells at this time of the year. Yeah. And then in three weeks time you'll get a hard frost and suddenly hail or something and and the blossom or the the flowering that's taking place they just wiped off and if that if that happens then it just doesn't produce the quantities. >> I mean if you got one of those vineyards that's size of a tennis court you're stuffed. >> Well if you if you think that the quality of of uh Burgundy wines produced really from the mid 80s has been consistently very good. So you don't have uh really appalling vintages anymore. And some of that is to do with the what happens in the winery as well, of course, and you've got wine makers, a generation of wine makers who've gone to school to study uh uh wine at places like Bone and Djon. Um, however, if you think therefore that quality levels are good, they you can have a more uh uh modern style of vintage, you can have a more traditional style of vintage, some are lighter, fresher, some are you we refer to as restaurant vintages, I they're made for quite early drinking. Um however if the quantity is diminished significantly let's say a vineyard is producing x amount of bottles and 75% of that is knocked out by hail um it comes back to that idea of supply demand >> um and and allocations to customers and stuff like that. So so climate change is is yeah we don't we don't want to see >> climate change ruining wine >> and it's both the end of the season as well. I mean you can have a very hot summer and then suddenly it comes up picking time and coming down sort of September October >> and and and they're more interested in the weather forecasts than they are in fact of the exact day to do it because you don't want to pick in pouring rain if you have a terrible storm coming through or something like that and so they try to avoid >> could ask why. Well, because it well it dilutes the um the quality because all the water and everything else in it gets muddy and it's it's not very nice. Um and and when the grapes go into the vats to be sort of pressed and everything else, they're bringing with it um you know water and it's not growth is where and you have you have sorting tables now which which one wouldn't have had a sort of generation ago maybe two generations ago >> which is when you are purposely taking out things that are not looking good. So if there's a bit of rot or mold or or whatever it might be, you can you can pull it from the from the sorting table which means that you get the best possible quality. >> But um yeah, when you pick as important historically that would have been September increasingly that's coming forward a little bit to August. So so it is it is having an impact. Um, and you know, we're seeing the benefit of that in places like the South Dian in in England where we're seeing increasingly uh quality wine produced um sparkling primarily, but also you're now seeing Pinan Noir grown in um in in the UK as well. So, so it is it is it is going to be dangerous for regions like Burgundy that are so small uh and so impacted by uh climate. Um so so far okay um some minor improvements however uncomfortable that might be but in the future may not be a good thing. I think in recent years of course what's happened is that um in the old days you were very much in the hands of hope rather than else but nowadays the they've more or less debugged bad vintages because throughout they've got this technology which is actually telling you how each vine is operating how and you can if you get a really dry spell and so on you can actually um you you can make it so that it's um it's survivable and um >> I know it's not a very good production. I know it's not Burgundy, but didn't you have quite an interesting story about is it like a 99 Petrus or something when where put Tarpool in? >> Oh, no. That was a 1992 vintage in Petus. It was You're absolutely right. And >> tell us what happened with that cuz it's quite fun. >> Well, this is a this is this is your Bordeaux story. It's a Bordeaux story. It's not really a but um they knew that the picking week was going to be a serious storms and they put plastic cover over the entire estate because the year I mean vintage itself was fine but if they had picked in those conditions they would have completely ruined the quality that they expected to get out of it and and and the um I think there was the two estates did it. It was Petrus and Laflur and and um of course then what happened was the water came on they they picked dry and they were very happy with all that but what happens to that water it then runs off onto the neighboring estates and they all had sort of legal challenges about the fact that they've been ruined by the place and it will never happen again. I mean they won't be allowed to do it again because >> so if you find the 92 Petrus you a oneoff it is a bit >> it's great um ultimately we've got a huge amount of factors that come into these into Burgundy was that what do you think is the main reason of why it's so revered so there whilst it's just agricultural produce you know we're talking about grapes here um I think it is undeniable that Burgundy produces the greatest expression of wine from the pan noir grape in the world. Um the challenges around uh uh temperatures and so on uh it sort of marginal temperatures but that um is is something that allows the pininoa to um uh to ripen at the right time. So the it's when I say that the conditions are difficult doesn't mean they're impossible. you still get these brilliant wines. >> Difficult is good >> and difficult can be good. >> Um the quantity produced and this fragmentation of vineyards means that it's got this wonderful complexity which feeds into the I suppose the mind of the collector and the uh the desire for knowledge around uh collecting a wine as well. >> Um and the market has also been growing. So from 2005 let's say but certainly by 2008 2009 um the US has always been a big importer of Burgundy probably the biggest um importer in the world um Hong Kong Singapore China came on on board um the wines a colleague of mine ex-colague of mine Jasper Morris who's one of the masters of wine who in my mind is the most knowledgeable person in the world on the subject of burger >> said my father >> um Apart from your father, the most knowledgeable person I've ever met on the subject of Burgundy. >> Thank you very much. >> Pleasure. The he um he was um someone who >> Can I frame that? >> You can certainly frame that. >> He was he was Jasper wrote and if if um if you ever want to read a brilliant brilliant book on Burgundy, Jasper wrote the seminal book on Burgundy called Inside Burgundy and he has a wonderful website as as well. >> Dad's too busy being clever to write a book. No, no, no. I read John Arlet. I mean, he was amazing, fantastic, a great cricket commentator. And at the same time, he was an exceptional >> archer of of of Burgundy wines. He loved them. And and we um we know how much the when when Jasper released his book first time around um in Hong Kong, we released it in Hong Kong actually. Um I remember the discussion around Burgundy at the time was that that there was this phrase that I remember being used which was Burgundy was the connoisseur's wine >> right >> and there was this sense that um it there was a mastery involved in Burgundy that perhaps didn't come with Bordeaux. >> do you agree with that? >> Well I I think so. I think they they there it is mastery because they I think they actually rarely put their minds to making the very best they possibly can. And um I always get the feeling that when you go into more call the quantity product um you're never going to get that light touch that you get from the small houses who are going to make sure that every single bottle >> is going to be presented at the very best they possibly can. I I mean the other is based on you know is it a good vintage? Yes, it is. Oh, and we've got a good market. Yes. >> Of course, a lot of what you were talking about, the international markets have changed a lot because the Chinese have now more or less given up um sort of ordering whatever they can all the time. So, that market's not collapsed, but it's it's nothing like what it was. Um and of course, the Americans have put these extraordinary tariffs on everything. So, buying in there was a time when I I used to go um regularly over to um uh to Long Island and and the places I went to would have wonderful wine lists with a huge number of wonderful both Burgundy and Bordeaux wines on them. The Burgundies there were considerably cheaper than their own um wines from from the West Coast. It was >> and um but now they aren't because it costs them so much to bring them into the country that they're actually not buying them in so much either. So that's a change in the um demand. >> They said they they say it takes 10 years to learn about Bordeaux and the rest of your life to learn about Burgundy. >> Very good. If you were to take a bottle of wine to a dinner party, what would be the first thing you go to as a sort of, you know, because bottles of wine who that you bring to a dinner party, they're not meant to be drunk really at the dinner party. So it's I don't think so. I mean, Dad, what do you bring? >> Well, it depends who's invited to dinner is the answer. Uh but I mean some some they some I will have made an offer in advance. Can I bring the wine? In which case I find something. >> Yeah, of course. >> That's a different sort of thing. But if you >> um it's a nice gift to give people when you actually arrive. And I I I think you can um again you do it by by price. I mean I think you probably bring a bottle which is going to cost somewhere between 15 and 20 pounds probably for the average sort of London gathering. Um, if you know the person very well, you might get something very special out and then that's that's an entirely different thing. But for a birthday present, you probably go up the list a bit. But for just an ordinary dinner party, then um there are lots of good burgundies. >> One burgundy that was in that. What do you think? uh well, I'm a great um fan of of white burgundies as well. So um would you say mercury or be very nice? >> So my simple answer to that is um it's firstly I quite often don't take wine. Uh I take a bottle of olive oil. >> That's a very good answer. I think that's a very nice thing to do. I I would extend extend that that you can actually fine-tune that by having um a little truffle olive oil. The little truffle oil small bottle. No, it doesn't matter. But somebody else is not you're not going to be as >> it's being given to somebody else. >> So yeah, I think olive oil is a lovely present. The other other um uh hint I had from a old colleague of mine um was that if you want the wine to be drunk at dinner because most of the time wine is not um being brought to drink then and there unless there's been a a specific request is if you open it and double decant it back into the bottle and say I've decanted this for you. um then they are somewhat obl obligated to open it. But that's a very mean thing to do. >> I I think it's a bit mean personally. I think you know if you've invited it's up to them what they want to serve you >> quite right >> and and that's why you wouldn't unless you've spoken in advance that's why you wouldn't bring something from the very end of your stock as it were because you would have you you know the the top end if you know the chat properly or whoever it is um then you will know what level to come in at. >> Yeah. But it it's just as it's it's really I mean a box of chocolate is just as nice, you know what I mean? In many ways for for a dinner party. >> Um and who who another question that was said to was about wine glass makers. Like who who would be to keep it quick. Your number one. >> Um so we made our own for some time. So I'm going to put that there. But also I think Zelto make extraordinary good wine glasses. Yes. Reload's very good. Ridel's very good as well. just for this while we're doing this Q&A a really good um affordable burgundy that people should >> well I it vet is very consistent that that's right in the center of of the Burgundy district very good red pen noir and it's good value great >> um it's not the cheapest but it's it's pretty good and I would say that if you're going to give yourself a bit of a treat that's a nice thing to have and I would I'd probably go up into some um San Raman uh or to Oxides um uh perhaps Macon Vage um but don't don't be afraid to to go out and experiment. Part of the fun of Burgundy is not having the same wine every time. Go go and explore some of these lesserk known regions um across the entire district. >> Super. Well, look, I'm really excited to dig into all the other regions and wines and things. Thank you so much for coming in and um happy drinking everybody. >> Well, we hope. Very good.

  Top Comments:
  1. @texlad04 [5 likes]: I get that Pinot Noir takes some experience to appreciate at a refined level. But the Burgundy super fans I know who wax ecstatic about grand Burgundies of old  won't pay 1000 dollars for something today. The Les Pucelles I used to have with friends at Christmas is over 1000 now and does not begin to compete with some new world wines for 1/10th the price. I'm Team Macon at this point and quite enjoy it. I just don't see how younger drinkers will have the wallet to keep up.
  2. @lokigs1 [2 likes]: Vintage
  3. @meirparnes [2 likes]: realy wished they would have opend a bottle and explained some of it
  4. @christianellopm [2 likes]: Next episode, Rafe Spall. Please and thanks!
  5. @eb96trw [2 likes]: Love the burgundy coloured suit (didn't go over my head :)
  6. @ImperiousRex241 [1 likes]: Wonderful time learning about Burgundy. I especially enjoyed your father who also injected some lovely humor into the discourse. Love your content Tom. Keep it coming!
  7. @ransomcoates546 [1 likes]: Tsk, tsk. ‘Auxey’ is pronounced ‘Aussay’.
  8. @albolfoni838 [1 likes]: Pernand-Vergelesses is often viewed as a “smart buy” appellation because it can deliver serious Burgundy character for less money than villages like Meursault or Vosne-Romanée
  9. @cosmorompani37 [1 likes]: Quite a lot of misinformation from your father in the podcast. 'Chardonnay is the only white grape in Burgundy', 'the Chambolle Musigny being a premier cru', La Romanee is the smallest grand cru not criots-batard monrachet
  10. @MrPierrePhilippe [1 likes]: The Geands Crus are unaffordable. But, with the modern techniques, the better scientific understanding, and especially, the climatic warming,, some village level and some regional level wines are getting as good as 1er crus, They go up in price, but rhere still is some gems to be find.. Look for small hard-working producers next to the 1er crus going up the hill , where it used to be too cold.
  11. @Micktyb [1 likes]: Excellent thanks 👏👏never really seen your father before looks very dapper ex Guards officer ?  and you all know your wine well done thanks 👌👏👏🍷😆
  12. @richardhaughton4303 [1 likes]: When I began drinking Burgundy, it was affordable, mid 80’s however, now it’s incredibly expensive and beyond my pocket. New World wines have replaced my drinking preference.
  13. @carzoomies [1 likes]: more wine talk please
  14. @BeauQuillen [1 likes]: A truly excellent  episode.
  15. @Ritterkreuz69 [1 likes]: That might be the biggest lapel I've ever seen!
  16. @nickkambitis5340: Superb❤
  17. @WNR-x5v: the best wine in the world, by definition, does not exist... it's only a gatekeepers' w4nk! It's 2026, stop living in the past...
  18. @mathewep5624: More of Tom’s pa please. Wot an oozer
  19. @OIMADIS: Where in Long Island?
  20. @OPX-YMB: Is Bonnes Mare actually good?

- Wine Folly Guide to Burgundy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I was thinking about it and if there is one region that casts fear in the heart of every wouldbe somier it's burgundy on the surface it's not that complicated burgundy sits in the middle of France and specializes in just two grapes it's easy right and yet if we were to hone in on one region that's had the greatest influence on defining what fine wine is it's burgundy hands down honestly I hate to admit this is true but France got something very right with burgundy so let's find out what we can about this place and its wine so not only do you have a deeper understanding of this place but you understand more about fine wine in general of the 76,000 Vineyard acres in burgundy the majority are dedicated to just two grapes chardonay and P Noir and since I can hear the keepers of burgundy lore cringing I'll admit burgundy does more than just those two grapes the rare Grapes of burgundy include an unpretentious white called aligote a tiny amount of Pino gree some somon Blanc under the Appalachian name Sal Bri and a touch of G that returned to the region after it was banished in 1395 but the focus on sh gard and Pon Noir is what put burgundy on the map and this region has been workshopping these grapes for almost a thousand years the San monks started burgundy's obsession with wine quality it was in 1098 when 21 monks thinking the world would end started a monastery that shunned wealth to focus on Farming and charity with their success their land Holdings expanding allowing monks to improve their wine making methods over hundreds of years and it's likely that their work established France's incredible diversity of wine varieties including grapes like P war chardonay aligot and game and even though Burgundy wine labels are confusing and we'll get into that in a bit you can trust that if it's a red wine and it's from burgundy it's ponir and if it's a white wine it's probably chardonay burgundy's classification system offers a secret to finding good affordable Burgundy wine but how did it start over hundreds of years Burgundian Growers named their best Vineyard sites these plots have limstone soils and face the sun just right to make great wine the plots called clats became burgundy's basis for their classification system burgundy wines have four quality tiers read Regional wines Village Appalachians Premier crew Vineyard wines and gr crew Vineyard wines for example if you buy a Chardonnay Village wine from shbl it can come from any Vineyard in that Village appalation Premier crew Vineyards are less numerous and these sites have much more optimal growing conditions like better soils drainage and sun exposure last but not least the gr crew Vineyards are the best sites for growing Chardonnay in ch these are exceedingly rare and special so if you're just getting into burgundy I think the best place to start is with a village wine from a good vintage and we'll talk more about vintages to look for so stay tuned when you look at Burgundy on a map you'll see that it has four distinct growing areas each of these regions sh the coat door coat chalanes and mcon make different tasting wines and I'll admit the differences are subtle but perhaps that's what makes burgundy so mindboggling let's start with the region that everyone gets excited about the coat door it's a bit nuts to think that wines from the 33 Grand crew Vineyards in the coat door command the highest prices of wine in the world this is billionaires juice but what's it like the coat door is split into two areas the coat bone and and the kotoni let's start with the koten since this is the most expensive Vineyard area in burgundy the terrain here is characterized by an undivided Southeast facing slope which creates the perfect conditions for growing grapes in burgundy it has 24 ground crew Vineyards more than any other region in burgundy now 80% of The Vineyards in the kenui grow ponir which tells you just how integral this grape is to the Region's identity the soils the slope and the climate together could produce some of the most sought-after Pinon Noir Wines in the world one Vineyard in particular stands out it's related to burgundy's history CL vuo it's an original San Abbey on a gron crew Vineyard this Vineyard has been producing wines for nearly a thousand years if you're looking to taste these wines you should know that not only do they very based on Vineyard and vintage but the producer matters as well the best wines deliver ethereal fruits roses plums and spice with Savory notes these wines are built to age with higher tannin and acidity so if you're curious to try a Cen weights I would recommend to start with the best value areas check out COI vage oeni Appalachians or maybe the village appalachi of N St George Mars or Fen moving on to the coat to bone this area is just as densely planted as the the kenui but the landscape here is more varied this diversity in terrain has led to a shift in the types of grapes grown while ponir is still prominent there's a noticeable increase of chardonay plantings in fact seven of the eight gron crew Vineyards in katab bone focus on chardonay making this reach the Benchmark for Chardonnay enthusiasts and these wines are Oak Aged wines which exude Elegance richness and complexity the Pinon Noir from this area shouldn't be overlooked either as it's surprising it's often praised for its Rich earthy qualities with notes of black plums sued like age worthy tannin they're good since aotong is also a ground crew area prices can get quite high for these Appalachian wines so you might try some of the Lesser known Appalachians like s Oben sanan or o Dess and before we continue sell through the rest of burgundy let's take a detour to a part of burgundy that's very unlike the rest Shi sh sits closer to Champagne than the rest of burgundy and this Northern location means sh has a much cooler climate which plays a significant role in the character of its Chardonnay wines the Region's best sites share the same kigian Limestone soils as champagne which have this chalky white composition the white soils actually help reflect black sunlights to ripen The Grapes despite the cooler temperatures and as we talked about earlier the sight matters and it affects to be B wine quality in that classification system like I said before the specialty here is Chardonnay but it's unlike anything you'll find in the rest of burgundy Shi are typically lean citrusy and often uned with a crisp refreshing profile known to age decades there's some of the most minerally Sharden you will ever taste making them a must try for anyone who is interested to taste a different expression of Chardonnay next let's head back to the main growing era of burgundy to explore our next region coat chalones this region often gets overlooked because it doesn't have any gr crew Vineyards that's because it's a bit higher elevation than the Cod door and thus a little bit cooler but without that gr crew price tag coach Shalon offers much better values I would look in Mercury rui and jeev if you love plumy ponir and rui cuz this is the center of burgundy's crant production crant the borgon is made in the same production method as champagne with the local Pinon Noir and Chardonnay grapes and it's great lastly for those of you looking for bizarre finds there is one unique appalation here worth noting bueron it specializes in a rare white grape called aligote which most find to be pretty lean and flinty finally we arrive in McAn the southernmost region in burgundy the climate here is decidedly different from the rest of burgundy it really feels like we're now in southern France this is chardonay country but the warmer climate here means Harvest happens about 2 weeks after shle it makes a riper more peachy style of chardonay wines and they're also Enochs meaning stainless steel and no o o the Macan is also where some of the most exciting recent developments in burgundy are taking place in The Last 5 Years three Appalachians have had their Vineyards elevated to Premier crew status signaling a growing recognition for this wine region this part of burgundy is definitely an area worth watching I think it's time to take a step back from exploring the regions of burgundy to talk about something that absolutely crucial to know if you like to buy burgundy wines and that's the vintages the year the wine was made will greatly affect quality and character in a wine and this is especially true in burgundy for example the 2020 vintage has been widely hailed as exceptionally collectible and on the other hand nobody's talking about 2021 conditions like spring frosts hail heat spikes and rainy weather during the Harvest will greatly affect the grape quality and thus the wine quality so if you're looking for Value bottles I would actually stock up on the good vintages because affordable wines will actually be very delicious and you can actually get into really high quality wines on the not so good vintages because they tend to be more affordable on those less popular vintages so those are my secrets on vintages but if I could identify y burgundy's secret it's not their special Limestone soils their historic Vineyard sites or even their special clones of penon Noir and Chardonnay it's the people and the fact that they care continually burgundy has a history of not trying to be something it isn't and yet championing what it is it's not the biggest brashest wine of them all it's subtle it's elegant it's demure so that's burgundy thanks for tuning in and I hope you learned something if you did subscribe to this Channel and you will get more and if you want to go a step further consider taking one of wine Folly's online courses from The Beginner's wine 101 course to the exceedingly fun yet actually pretty Advanced wine 2011 to gain those wine chops you always wish you had until next time happy tasting go drink some burgundy

  Top Comments:
  1. @FiveFigsDigital [3 likes]: I knew more than a fair amount about this topic before I watched this. You covered it beautifully. Informative and just enough entertaining. Well done.
  2. @Secondreich-k3m [2 likes]: Average meal in orderstaat burgand
  3. @JasonWalsh-b4n [2 likes]: I LOVE BURGONDY FRANCE AND BURGONDY WINE!!!❤❤
  4. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: GREAT WINE!!!!!🙂😁💙💙✌🏼🤙👌👍
  5. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: LETS ALL GET DRUNK AND HAVE AN ORGY IN FRANCE, GIRLFRIENDS!!!❤
  6. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: ME LOVE BURGONY WINE, AND I USED TO BE A CISTERCIAN CATHOLIC MONK.❤
  7. @Neosoul_prima [1 likes]: People really need to start taking French class. Great video though
  8. @perry3556 [1 likes]: I love bourgogne pinot noirs, but I haven´t had one pinot noir that survives the night. I´ve had inumerious regional, village, premier cru & grand cru and once you pop that bottle you gotta finish it before the night´s over or it´ll taste anything from "ok" to quite soso the next day, they quickly turn somewhat fatty/acidic/vinegar... with Bordeaux and cabernet/merlot based wines it´s a different story, some of them can actually get better after 24h opening...
  9. @MustHaveWine [1 likes]: Very educational and informative!  Well done.  I'll have to re-watch this and take notes!  (PS....love the outfit!)
  10. @closandmonopole [1 likes]: Really nice video!
  11. @matthiasthym7431: Could you make a video about Luxembourg's Moselle River Wines?
  12. @WineUnfiltered-j4u: This is a great guide!
  13. @JohnJullaiya: The quality is unmatched.
  14. @BoozewithNick: Excellent work on this one, Madeline! This episode should be required viewing for anyone doing their WSET 1. For those of you newer to wine, the way she streamlined her explanation of this very complex region was just great. Specifically, the guidance on the more entry level appellations is very valuable (literally). Oh yeah, and drink cremant de Bourgogne if you like sparkling and never worry about champagne prices again. Or Willamette Valley sparkling white, which is pretty much Burgundian. ❤
  15. @John-wx2ce: Great video. I wish this was included with Clive Coates book! In my opinion, the sweat spot in Burgundy in terms of the quality / price ratio are the premier crus. While Grand Cru wines are undeniably fabulous, the pricing is, well, bordering on ridiculous.
  16. @nikosvithoulkas9602: Excellent video madalena... !!!!
Please make a similar video for the other regions (with a map) of France. It is very educational
keep it up...
thank you....!!!!!❤
  17. @Indian--Summers: 5 minutes was all I could take. This vid is boring as f....
  18. @GuadalupeEspinoza-r9u: Really good video,  saludos desde Mexico 🇲🇽
  19. @lawrencemiller8198: Really liked this video
  20. @Lil_Squib: What was that acoustic guitar song you used in the transitions? It sounded really nice

- The Complete Guide To Key Burgundy Appellations: Kind: captions Language: en The total number of Appellations in Burgundy is often misinterpreted Although there are around 700 individually named vineyards. The total number of Appellations is 84 according to Frances AOC laws From the basic regional level appellation all the way to the Grand Cru these Appellations guarantee the quality of wine produced in Burgundy 84 Appellations is still a lot to remember However, even though each appellation shows a unique expression of Burgundy's terroir getting familiar with the most prestigious is the best place to start Starting in burgundy is north with the sub region of the cote de nuit. We find the village and appellation of Gevrey-Chambertin Located just twelve kilometers south of Dijon and one of the oldest vineyard sites in Burgundy, Gevrey-Chambertin vineyards date back almost 2,000 years to Gallo Roman times This incredible appellation is home to some of the most sought-after wines in the world all of which are made from Pinot Noir It has nine Grand Cru vineyards more than any other village in Burgundy the suffix in the name Gevrey-Chambertin actually originates from one of these Grand Cru vineyards - The Chambertin A naming trend which was first seen here in 1847, but is now replicated all over Burgundy Gevrey-Chambertin wines are often defined by a deep full-colour Concentrated nose of red berries plum and earthy aromas. They are usually medium to full-bodied with great structure and a long finish Travelling just a few kilometers south in the Cote De Nuit, we reach Chambolle-Musigny a small a very special village Like Gevrey-Chambertin, the town of Chambolle added the name of its most famous vineyard Le Musigny to the villagers name in with a population of less than 500 people this tiny village has around 20 wine producers all of which maintain a close relationship to ensure the prestige of this appellation. A more delicate style of Pinot Noir, Chambolle-Musigny wines are typically a bright ruby colour with red fruit spice and pretty floral aromas The wine has an elegant structure. Thanks to a well-defined minerality and a beautiful long finish Moving to the Cote De Beaune, we find the town and appellation of Beaune and the centre of Burgundy's wine trade with over twenty thousand inhabitants Beaune is a beautiful town of cobbled streets and winding roads with many of Burgundy's largest negociants based here Beaune also boasts the famous hospice de Beaune a 15th century hospital Which is one of the most well preserved examples of French Renaissance architecture It now hosts the most famous wine auction in the world on the third Sunday of each November where many bottles sell for tens of thousands of pounds Although the Cote de Beaune sub region is known primarily for its world-class white wines that Beaune appellation produces primarily red There are no Grand Cru vineyards But there are a number of incredible premier crus which produce a wide variety of beautifully Well-balanced red wines that make a great introduction to red burgundy These wines usually show some pure black fruit and floral aromas Enhanced with spices and earthy notes their medium to full-bodied with red berries and a linear mineral finish So how do Beaune reds differ from other villages? Beaune is an incredible patchwork of different places. It's quite vast You have the North of the village which compares more to the Cotes de Nuits, more masculine We have this vineyard in Beaune Marconnets where we produce some very powerful wine and the last again We have a big structure then if you go further south you have a Beaune Greves. Les Greves means sand So it's a more feminine Precocious Terroir we pick the grapes earlier and the wines are more tender and then you have the Beaune Teurons which is more south Where you have a combination of the two, so it's masculine and feminine at the same time So you have all these different subtle variations, which make it very complex and very intriguing and We have about 35 different premier cru in Beaune. So it gives you the diversity you can make 35 different wines in a circle of Few kilometers around where we here now When it comes to Chardonnay one of the most famous Appellations in the whole of Burgundy is Meursault At the southern end of the Cote de Beaune this large village borders both Puligny and Montrachet Which make the most expensive white wines in the world producing almost a hundred percent Chardonnay Meursault doesn't boast any Grand Cru but lays claim to a few prestigious Premier Cru where this appellation really comes into its own However, is its village wines where you can find incredible value for money Meursault show toasty aromas of nectarine, peach and hazelnut the palate is rich nutty and can have a real Intensity to the fruit. The finish is long with a lovely balanced acidity Heading all the way down to the sub region of the Maconnais, we find another well-known appellation- Pouilly-Fuisse Located in the commune of Fuisse, the wines here at exclusively Chardonnay Pouilly-Fuisse has captured the hearts of many international consumers due to its reputation for producing richer and softer wines than the northern sub-regions of Burgundy As with the whole of the Maconnais sub region, there are no premier or Grand Cru vineyards here However, a recent movement aims to classify around 22% of their vineyards to Premier Cru level The light golden colour of Pouilly-Fuisse wines reflect the warmest southern climate of Burgundy the wine show concentrated citrus and honeycomb aromas and on the palate They have a lovely weighted intensity with baked apples and honey flavors, these wines tend to have a rich but delicate finish these five Appellations are a great introduction to Burgundy with many other names to also look out for Burgundy is the global benchmark for both Chardonnay and Pinot Noir and getting to know these famous names will help you navigate this wonderful region

  Top Comments:
  1. @vffgddhbvv5047 [18 likes]: gamerstaat bruhgund
  2. @sheevpalpatine2901 [15 likes]: TNO reference???
  3. @davidlee3499 [11 likes]: Himmler's finest
  4. @uros3701 [11 likes]: So making wine is still allowed in TNO Gamerstaat Burgund?I thought gamer Himmler banned it.
  5. @danf321 [10 likes]: In Oct 2019 we spent time in Beaune and loved it.  Through a family contact we had a personal tour of a wonderful winery in the Puligny-Montrachet appellation and brought back several white Burgundy wines.  My favorite red came from the Nuits-Saint-George appellation. My luggage was filled with wine.  Stunning!!
  6. @jimwocha4949 [5 likes]: No mention of Vosne Romanee, probably the most famous wine village in the world with the greatest concentration of g.cru vineyards?
  7. @joesantamaria5874 [3 likes]: Chambolle Musigny, good call. I would have included a Volnay, but that’s splitting hairs.
  8. @ivan5595 [2 likes]: I think the workers are forced to work there!
  9. @mariooldani9545 [2 likes]: I love what I do and wine is only a different part of what the world has to provide. Maybe we watch our memes. Because memes are adult too. Thanks.
  10. @Mr3ller [2 likes]: medium to full bodied pinot noirs?
  11. @dkn2101 [2 likes]: No red GC in Côte de Beaune? What about Corton..? 🤭
  12. @TraceyClinker-o6b [1 likes]: Martin Eric Lopez Lisa Lewis Lisa
  13. @david_porthouse [1 likes]: Best drink around New Zealand pinot noir first of all. Get used to the struggle to find good value for money. It gets a lot worse and a lot more expensive in Burgundy.
  14. @david_porthouse [1 likes]: Best drink around New Zealand pinot noir first of all. Get used to the struggle to find good value for money. It gets a lot worse and a lot more expensive in Burgundy.
  15. @DanFieldingsBigToe [1 likes]: Who is here because of Chinatown Detective Agency?
  16. @margaretsokopo6340 [1 likes]: I want to sell my wine, spirits bottles
  17. @ОдинДва-р7й [1 likes]: thanks a lot
  18. @RicardoTroutman [1 likes]: Loved this! Learning more and more!
  19. @perry3556: I´ve had several Bourgogne Grand Cru simultaneously with regional & village wines and in more than a few cases the regional/village was significantly better!
  20. @Tony-ju6yh: Nuits st George is my favourite

- Is BURGUNDY WINE Worth the Hype? Visit France's Most Famous Region!: Kind: captions Language: en-US (upbeat music) - Welcome to Burgundy! - [Vince] We have a saying in the wine world, all roads lead to Burgundy, or as you'd say in French, Bourgogne. And well, I'm here! It's the end all be all of wine regions. Pinot Noirs and Chardonnays from Bourgogne are heralded as the best version of these grapes that money can buy. No region is more storied, more studied, or more sought after. And while this area in France has a rich history worthy of exploration, there's also a young generation of winemakers with a keen eye on the future. Bourgogne produces the most famous and expensive wines in existence, but that's only part of the story, and I'm here to uncover the rest. Let's find out why the planet's most famed wine region captivates the hearts and minds of sommeliers, collectors, investors, and normal consumers alike. Welcome to Bourgogne, and welcome to "V is for Vino!" From Paris, it's just a three hour car or train ride to the Bourgogne wine region, which is 140 mile north to south stretch on the east side of France. In the center of Bourgogne is the charming medieval city of Beaune which will be our home base as we explore. - Behind me is the Hospices de Beaune, a historic hospital complex founded in the 1400s but today operates as a museum noted for its Burgundian-Flemish architecture. But more relevant to our conversation, it's home to the annual Hospices de Beaune Wine Auction, the highlight of the year for the Bourgogne region. It's a huge weekend long gala and festival in the fall where the most famous wine makers in the world donate barrels of wine to support various charitable causes. Tourists flood Beaune during this time for a chance to taste the wines, explore the city and sightsee. Things we'll be doing while we're here too. But the true allure of this region lies just outside of Beaune within the vineyards that surround it. It's in these vineyards where we can truly begin to explore the Bourgogne wine industry, which has a history unlike any other. - [Vince] Part of what makes Bourgogne such a prestigious region is the people who shaped it. For Romans recognized its potential over 2000 years ago and planted vines here in the first century AD. During the Middle Ages, vineyards were mostly managed by Cistercian and Benedictine monks who were crucial to the development and documentation of vineyard plots, as well as viticultural and cellar practices. We're gonna talk more about them later. Between the ninth and 15th centuries, during the feudalism of the Middle Ages, large plots of vineyard land began fragmenting amongst noble families and different Climat or vineyard areas started to take shape. Around this time, the wines also began gaining a favorable reputation amongst the lords and ladies of the era, namely the Dukes of Bourgogne and the wines became synonymous with refined tastes and luxury. Entered Napoleon, the emperor of France, in 1804, he introduced the Napoleonic Code, which broke up these feudal estates. You see, before this, these Climat were difficult to buy, sell, or inherit. They were simply given to your eldest son. But after the Napoleonic Code, it was mandated that your vineyard land would be split evenly amongst your heirs. Sounds like a fair idea until 200 years go by and you've got plots that have been fractured so many times that some people end up only owning a few rows of vines. The famous 125 acre vineyard, Clos de Vougeot, for instance, has at times had more than 80 owners, most of whom didn't own a large enough piece of land to produce enough wine to create a business. To solve this, there are entities called cooperatives and negotiants, which pool grapes from multiple vineyard owners so that enough wine can be produced to, you know, have it make sense to sell. - The modern era has seen the wines of Bourgogne reach a level of stratospheric fame that I'm sure those 15th century monks had never even imagined. But none of this happens without one thing in the first place, incredible wine. So welcome to Bourgogne Wine 101 and conveniently, it's a simple course. You ready? For the most part, Bourgogne makes two grapes. Pinot Noir for red and Chardonnay for white. For one of the most complex wine regions in the world, learning its grape varieties is remarkably easy. What makes the region worthy of full on college dissertations on the other hand, is its geography. - [Vince] Bourgogne is small by global standards, especially compared to other regions with similar levels of fame. At 79,000 acres, it's smaller than Napa, Tuscany and only a quarter of the size of its French counterpart Bordeaux. But Bourgogne punches above its weight. Despite producing only 3.4% of AOC wine from France, it generates an astonishing 24% of AOC wine revenue. Much of this is due to its extraordinary soil. 150 to 180 million year old Jurassic period subs soils full of marine limestone, clay and marl to be exact. And what I'd like to say that Bourgogne has a favorable, easygoing wine growing Climate, that would be a lie. In fact, Bourgogne has some of the most challenging weather for producing wine in the world. Because it's landlocked vintages can be inconsistent. Frost and hail isn't uncommon. The cool Climate can make it tough to ripen grapes and humidity can lead to rot on the vines. So how do some of the most transcendent wines on the planet come from here? Well, oenologists have studied this region for so long. They know how to manage this land and mitigate these factors. Frost prevention, hail protection, disease management, and timing the harvest, all in a day's work for a Bourgogne winemaker. - And through this Herculean effort comes some of the world's most pure, intriguing, perplexing, and exalted wines. Because while stressful conditions may make vine growing more difficult, stress on the vines also produces better grapes, similar to how stress on muscles produces bigger biceps. Oh, and by the way, you've probably noticed me calling this region Bourgogne, not Burgundy, the English translation. This is because you'll never see the word Burgundy on a wine label. It's always gonna say, Bourgogne, how it's said in French. Furthermore, for some strange reason, it's the only French wine region we started translating in the first place. We don't translate Bordeaux, Loire or Champagne for example. So to avoid confusion and break bad habits, I'm sticking with Bourgogne. - [Vince] One last tidbit to head off some controversy. The French would actually pronounce this word boor-gohn, or sometimes boor-goin, dropping the last syllable. Instead of saying the English pronunciation, boor-gohn-yuh. This is the equivalent of saying "Par-ee" instead of Paris or "kwah-sahn" instead of croissant, both are correct. It just depends what your foreign language pronunciation philosophy entails. - And now if you excuse me. (upbeat playful music) Okay, I am at the Beaune market and I've got 50 euro. Let's see if we can find some fun things to spend it on. Thanks, snack sausage, just an appetizer. Need something while I think about what else I'm gonna get. Sure, thank you. Cameraman? - [Cameraman] Thank you. - [Vince] Oh, that is good. Ooh, those are pretty. (speaking in French) This is a canelé. Mm, little crusty on the outside, wanna try? I like that all the desserts in France are not super sweet. They're just sweet enough. Whoa, look at the bees. Look at these olives. I mean, I'm not like in the market for olives right now, but this is pretty, look at the way the light hits the olives, Francisco. That's a dream. Can I? Thank you. It's a busy market. It's good, it's lively. Ooh, you know what, I'm gonna get a chicken sandwich. That looks pretty good. (speaking in french) Look at that. She took the onions as you cooked with the chicken jus, on top potatoes. Oh yeah. Oh no! (light upbeat music) - [Vince] You may remember when I was in Bordeaux, I visited the Cité du Vin or wine museum. Well, not to be outdone by their chief rival. Bourgogne has not one but three Cité des Climats or Climate Museums scattered across the region. So in the Beaune location, I met Laurent Delaunay, the chairman of the Bourgogne wine board to lead me on a tour. - Climat is what you would call a terroir. A terroir means a local place, very limited with its culture, its history, but also its geology, micro-climate and so on. All what make a very little place so special. It's a concept and you know that in France we love concepts. - Terroir is a concept, right? You can't touch terroir, but you know it and Climat is very similar. It is the imaginary borders of a place. It's a plot of land, but it's everything that encompasses that place. - [Laurent] Absolutely. - And this museum is made to kind of pay homage to that. - Pay homage and especially introduce what this concept is to the public. - [Vince] And you guys do a lot of great work here to kind of promote the region. - [Laurent] That's also a reason why it was so important for us because so far we did not have really one place to explain what really Bourgogne and its specificity such as the terroir, the Climat are. - Should we go in and see? - I can't wait. We start first with the geology and the origin of our kind of soil, which is made of limestone. That's our common link from Chablis in the north to Mâcon in the south. That's the magic. - [Vince] That's the magic. - What you can see here first explains how the limestone was made hundreds of millions years ago. - [Vince] This basically was an underwater ocean, right? This is all underwater. You have two grapes here that do a great job of extracting that terroir. - [Laurent] You're right, the two main are Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. - [Vince] Yeah. - Everybody knows that on the limestone soil, that's where they give their best results. - [Vince] What I like about this, if you were coming to Bourgogne for the first time. This is a great way to get introduced to it. You come here first, you see a little history, you see a little geography, you learn about it and then you can go out and explore the region with a bit more knowledge. - [Laurent] Exactly the goal of it. - [Vince] We continued the tour and I was impressed by one exhibit after the next. - This is cool. - [Vince] I liked this one. - Amazing. - [Vince] And I liked that one. - [Vince] I love this. - [Vince] They even had a smell station, just like the other museum. But instead of single aromas, they were bouquets or multiple aromas. - Oh and this is even cooler because it says which villages or which plots are known for these specific flavors. - [Vince] We finished with the little tasting. - Santé! Welcome to Bourgogne and welcome to the Cité des Climats. - [Vince] And then it was time to head upstairs. - We wanna go to lunch and try some of your wines, yeah. - Yes. - [Vince] Let's do it. - [Laurent] With great pleasure, let's do it. - [Vince] All right. (soft upbeat music) - [Vince] Laurent and his daughter Jeanne are also winemakers. So I thought it would be prudent to taste some of their wine over lunch at the museum restaurant Beaune Les Accord. It's only polite, right? - Our winery was created by my great great-grandfather. I am the fifth generation, and Jeanne my daughter is number six. - Sixth generation, yeah. - And she just joined us last year. - In general here, lot of family wineries. Its almost everywhere you go. - Lots of history, I know some families who have been making wines in Bourgogne for 15 generations. Do you imagine that? So this is the Chardonnay, Charmont is the name of the family chateau where we live. - [Vince] Absolutely beautiful. The nose is this great combination of stone fruit, white flower and mineral. Incredibly juicy, great integrated acidity. A lot of people have a sense that Chardonnay is not a fresh wine. That it's flabby, it's rich, it's really weighty. This is medium bodied, beautiful acidity, very fresh. It has this vibrancy that you don't find from Chardonnays in warmer Climates. - And the Chardonnay is really one of the grape that really adapts to the terroir and the Climate where it's grown. - The tofu of the wine world. It's very influenced by, yeah, where it comes from and the wine maker. The wine maker hand, once it gets there, it is kind of very versatile. - [Vince] For our pairing, the chef brought out a river trout tartar, the ingredients of which are actually certified as local to the Côte d'Or, which he explained is important to him because it allows him to reduce the carbon footprint of the restaurant. - [Laurent] One of the beauties of Hautes Cotes de Nuits wines, they're pretty affordable, $29 a bottle. - Yeah, Bourgogne has this reputation for being very, very expensive. And listen, that exists, but that is a very accessible bottle. - [Vince] This Chardonnay's acid cut through the fatty fish, matched the acid of the citrus in the tartar. Matched the weight of the dish. And since it was all local, we can say if it grows together, it goes together. - What do you think keeps Bourgogne as one of the best wine regions in the world? - It's a world known region, but very small in term of size. So there is a kind of knowhow in the families and in the viticulture in general. - For a very complex region, there's only two grapes, really. Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. - Most of the time. - [Vince] There's some other ones that sprinkled in. - It's 90, almost 95% Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. - Exactly. - And so you have a pinot here, yeah? - So this is a Nuits Saint Georges. Nuits Saint Georges is our village. Our family is originating from Nuits Saint Georges. A little like our signature wine first. - [Vince] Pinot Noir in general maybe has a reputation as being a lighter style of wine. And this isn't a heavy wine, but it is a meaty wine and it's still very elegant. But it's such a different expression than maybe what people might associate with Pinot Noir. But I can find a hundred different styles in Bourgogne- - You're totally right, hundreds. - I don't have to go 60 miles that way. I can go one plot over and get a wildly different expression of the wine. - [Jeanne] This is what is interesting in Bourgogne, what we call Climat. One plot to another, the wine can be totally different. - You're sixth generation now. You said there's families that go back 15 generations. - I was not sure if I wanted to really work and make my whole life working in wine. I did some internship to really know. Finally, I really, really loved it. - [Laurent] I don't know anybody who really felt obligated to take cover. - [Vince] The next course was sous vide chicken with pan sauce with foraged mushrooms and potatoes. - [Vince] The other classic Pinot Noir pairing. Anything with mushroom and Pinot Noir I say is pretty perfect. - No mistake. - [Vince] Besides the acid in the Pinot cutting through the rich salty pan sauce, we again were matching the weight of the dish. The ingredients were all local and as I said earlier, earthy Pinot Noir and earthy mushrooms match flavors and are a classic pairing. - Hey, thank you guys for sharing a bit of your family story, family history. What good is history if nobody's preserving it. And you're doing a great job actually both with your winery but also with the museum, documenting and telling those stories. So I think it's really great. - Vince, it's a pleasure to meet with you. - Thank you very much. - Honored to try your wine. - [Vince] How great to see a father daughter team working together to continue their family legacy through wine, and now that I had been thoroughly introduced to the region, it was time to head out and go exploring. - Hey everyone, I hope you're enjoying the episode. I wanted to talk to you briefly about Vino VIP. You see, we're a small team. There we are! We're not backed by a big studio or corporation. We rely on sponsorships and our fans to help us grow and continue to create content. So we started Vino VIP, our membership only club, which is full of a ton of amazing benefits, almost all of which are virtual by the way, which means you can join from anywhere in the world. Things like early ad free access to all our videos, virtual Zoom hangouts with me, members only content, your name in the credits, monthly raffles and discounts and access to our Facebook community so you can meet other members and get travel and wine tips. But most importantly, you get my gratitude because you're supporting the show and you're helping our small business and crew make content that we pledge will always be free and accessible because that's our mission. Membership starts at just $5 a month, which is less than the price of your morning latte. So if this show has brought you value, please head to visforvino.com to sign up for Vino VIP if you have the means, and now back to the episode. - [Vince] It felt apt to start my exploration to this iconic region with a celebration. Crémant de Bourgogne is the traditional method sparkling wine that's made here and it's the forgotten hero of the area. So I met Manon Dumey from Domaine Paul Chollet at a quintessentially French institution, a fromagerie or a cheese shop to have some cheese and bubbles. Alain Hess in downtown Beaune may be the greatest temple to cheese I've been to and cheesemonger Valentin made sure to take good care of us. - We can start by the Brillat Savarin. Do you like truffle or- - [Vince] Love truffle. - [Valentine] Okay. - Who doesn't like truffle? - [Valentine] It's considered like the best cheese in the world. They win the competition a few months ago. - Well I have to try the best cheese in the world. - [Valentine] So you should try that. - How about this one with the flowers? Did you mention that one? - [Valentine] Yes. - It's good, I love a good, like the Alp Blossom's one of my favorite. I like floral cheeses. Comteé is one of my favorite, so that please. - [Valentine] Okay, you have many favorite, no? - I guess I need to hone in my favorites. - [Valentine] Yeah, that's fine? - Okay, super - Crew get excited 'cause you're gonna get some too. - [Vince] We head down to the basement cellar, which was impressive in its own right for our tasting. - This is quite exciting for two reasons. Obviously the cheese is wonderful, but if you're in the know, you know that Bourgogne makes sparkling wine in the traditional method just like Champagne for a much better value. So this is your family winery, right? - [Manon] My dad is the seventh generation and I'm the eighth one. So the first one you can try, it's Crémant de Bourgogne Blanc de Blancs. - If somebody asked you what's the difference between Crémant de Bourgogne and Champagne, what would you say? - We don't work too much with the reserve wine so we can add a little bit of all the wine, but that's not usual. - What Champagne does is like you said, they use reserve wine, they blend it from the previous year to make it consistent product every year. But that's not the mentality of a Bourgogne winemaker. - Oh no. - That's like blasphemy. It's like, no, we don't want it to be the same. We want it to be different so that it shows off that year. So I think that's really interesting. Beautiful floral and citrus and brioche on the nose, those super tight bubbles. Just like we would associate with any traditional method wine, right? - You can have a floral aroma and also light fruits, delicate. The second one, Blanc de Noirs only Pinot Noir but you can add Gamay too but this one it's only Pinot. - [Vince] Wow, and wildly different nose and that's why I wanted to do 'em side by side. - [Manon] Yes. - Has much deeper, darker flavor. You get some of those cherry flavors, but you also get a different earth character that doesn't come through on this, this is delicious. - [Manon] For the last one, it's a blend of the two grapes, Cuvee Manon. - That's you. - It's my name. So the Chardonnay is from Chorey-Lès-Beaune and the Pinot Noir is from Volnay. - [Vince] We try the the Chardonnay on its own. We try the Pinot Noir on its own and now you try the blend and you see what they do together. And as you would expect, this one has a little bit of what we love about both. If this is maybe a little more rich and weighty and this is more linear. This does strike right in the middle. The nice thing about these wines is that they kind of pair with everything. - We can do a complete lunch or dinner with Crémant du Bourgogne. - Yeah, and that's the thing I tell people, if you're gonna go to a dinner party and you don't know what they're cooking, just bring some Crémant and you're done. Because you won't go wrong no matter what they're making. - Its fresh and not too heavy. - It acts as a pallet cleanser. All right and then this, - [Manon] Époisses. - It's pretty funky, right? - [Manon] It's very strong. - Very strong. - [Manon] Very strong. - Do you typically put it on bread or do you just eat it straight? - Oh yes, for me it's with bread. But you can eat it straight if you're not afraid. - I'm not afraid, sounds like a challenge. You know what- - [Manon] This one is perfect. - It is perfect. Okay, and the finish it comes in. - A good one, it's long in the mouth. - That's what I'm saying, it's very long. This is a cheese that has layers. Like you have the first bite and you're like, oh, okay, it comes with fruit and then on the finish it comes in with some of that stronger funk character. - [Manon] Salty. - Yeah, salty. - But don't forget it in your fridge, like two weeks too late. - Yeah, yeah. - Because after it's over. - [Vince] This is like one of the favorite things I've ever done in the show and this is something that people could easily recreate at home and get these three bottles and these cheeses and make a night of it. - [Vince] Cheese and wine with a local wine maker at a local shop. Simple, unassuming and yet perfect. - This to me is Bourgogne, like this kind of vibe. It's the stone, the wood, it's warm. You had the fire going. It smells almost like a mountain cabin and it's all just like homey local dishes. And the cool thing about this is the chef and owner, he's also a wine maker. So we get to drink his wines while we have his food, grows together goes together. Can't go wrong. - [Vince] Escargot? - [Chef] Yes, escargot. - So my Saint Romain. - Oh, yes sir, that is delicious. - [Chef] Its okay? - [Vince] Yep, delicious. Escargot are snails, which don't freak out, because they're drowned in parsley and garlic and butter. Here we go. How can anything be bad drowned in parsley and garlic, and with the Chardonnay it's like. - This is the Meurette Chardonnay, white wine and petit crouton and poached eggs. - Can I ask for more of your Chardonnay? - [Chef] Chardonnay with Chardonnay. - Chardonnay With Chardonnay. Yeah, so I've never seen a dish like this. That is spectacular. Is that mushroom, what is it, mushroom? Where did he go? Oh, raisins. So it's like a Chardonnay cream sauce. The sauce itself is bomb and then you just poach this egg, you get it all mixed in there and then you just go to town with the bread and it's hard to describe 'cause I've never had a dish like it. It's so perfect. The acid of the Chardonnay cuts through it and keeps it like you want another bite. 'cause if you had it just on its own, it's a very rich dish and you have a sip of this. Cleanse the palate and then you go back in. - Entrecôte charolaise. - Charolais, a cow from this country. My Chassagne Montrachet. - Oh yeah, cherries and roses, man. Here's the amazing thing about both Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. We say if you have a good Bourgogne, a good chard, and a good pinot, you can pair anything on the planet. - [Speaker] You gonna eat that whole steak? - I can try. What are you doing to me? - So you have sweetbread. - Oh, I love sweetbreads. - Good luck. - Super, super tender. Oh my gosh. You don't find 'em everywhere because there's only so much to go around. That's why it's a delicacy, right? You only get a couple per animal. But it is absolutely delicious. When you come to Bourgogne, go to the Michelin rated restaurants. But you gotta come to these kind of places when you come to these regions. Have my wife carry me outta here, I guess is the next step. (camera shuttering) If you are looking for brevity. Neither this segment nor Bourgogne for that matter is the place to find it. This is the land of long meals, long wine lists, and even longer books devoted to detailing the region. And while it's not humanly possible for me to fully break down and explain the Bourgogne wine map in the next five minutes, at the very least, this will lay the foundation for you to become an amateur Bourgogne cartographer on your own time. There are five areas in Bourgogne from north to south. They are Chablis and the Grand Auxerrois which is about 50 miles north of the rest of Bourgogne. Then the Côte de Nuits and Côte de Beaune which collectively make what's called the Côte d'Or, Côte Chalonnaise and Mâconnais. Let's start with Chablis and the Grand Auxerrois which makes crisp light mineral driven Chardonnay that isn't even in the same universe as the rich vanilly butter bombs of Northern California. One notable outlier in this area is the AOC St-Bris which is primarily a Sauvignon Blanc growing region. Okay, we'll come back to the Côte d'Or but to the south of it is Côte Chalonnaise which is like the ambitious younger sibling of Bourgogne with something to prove. Great Pinot Noir and Chardonnay wines are made here and they're often more affordable than Côte d'Or wines if slightly leaner and less polished. The five main AOCs here are Rully, Givry, Montagny, Mercurey and Bouzeron. Mercurey is the largest and produces about two thirds of this area's wine and Bouzeron is notable because it is made from Aligoté, a lighter bodied, higher acid white grape. Further south, Mâconnais is known for its Chardonnays, which tend to be fuller than Chablis, but often not as rich or complex as Côte d'Or, but there are some killer wines here at great values comparatively, especially from the AOCs of St-Véran , Viré-Clessé, and most famously, Pouilly-Fuissé. Pouilly-Fuissé wines are riper and a select few producers can indeed rival some of the greatest wines in the region. In the middle is the Côte d'Or, which includes the Côte de Nuit known for its Pinot Noir and Côte de Beaune known for both Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. Before diving into the map of this area, we need to understand why it's so meticulously detailed. From the fifth to 15th century, most vineyard land in Bourgogne was bestowed onto the church from the Dukes of the region. The caretakers of the land, the monks, were very devoted to studying and analyzing it. Their devotion is shown through the copious amount of data they collected in over a thousand years. These very monks are credited with being some of the first to recognize the importance of terroir, studying why two vineyards just a few feet away from each other could produce such different wines. So by the modern era, the monks had already provided guidelines for creating vineyard or Climat boundaries and defining which vineyards had the best potential. But it was the establishment of the formal AOC system in the early 1900s that brought their vision to the masses. - [Vince] The AOC system officially put every Climat into one of four classifications. And while these exist in all five Bourgogne areas, we're only gonna focus on the Côte d'Or for now where they're the most well known. 52% of wine is one of these seven Régionale AOCs, the name of which will appear on the label and are usually the most entry level in terms of quality and price. 37% is village level, which means the grapes are grown around a specific village and usually have a specific village style and are a step up in quality. There are 44 village AOCs, 33 of which are in the Côte d'Or and the name of the village will appear on the label. Some famous ones are Vosne-Romanée, known for elegant Pinots. Puligny-Montrachet for minerally Chardonnays. Meursault for rich Chardonnays. Gevrey-Chambertin for powerful Pinots and Volnay for delicate supple Pinots. Though there are dozens more I don't have time to get into here. Next are the 562 Premier Cru vineyards, which account for 10% of production and are specific Climat or vineyards within villages that have superior terroir. Finally, there are 33 Grand Cru. These AOCs account for just 1% of wine production and are so famous, they'll only list the vineyard name on the label. Names like Chambertin, Clos de Vougeot, Corton-Charlemagne, La Romanée, La Tâche, Montrachet and Romanée-Conti. These are some of the most famous and pricey wines on the planet, and even our sommelier are lucky when we get to try these wines. - The good news is that you don't have to break the bank in order to enjoy Bourgogne. 99% of wines here are not Grand Cru. They're simply great wines for any occasion. Don't believe me? Behind me is the village of Pernand-Vergeles. And from here you can actually see all four types of Climat. Reégionale, Pernand-Vergeles village, Pernand-Vergeles Premier Cru and Grand Cru Corton. All tucked nicely next to each other. And just because Corton may be out my reach, a nice regional Côte de Beaune Chardonnay with lunch or a village level Pernand-Vergelesses Pinot Noir for dinner is not. If you switch your mentality from tough to understand to fun to explore, you'll see why Bourgogne is the place for wine and knowledge lovers. (light airy upbeat music) - [Vince] Chablis part of Bourgogne, yes, but an anomaly. It's 60 miles north of the rest of the region and very cold. It's actually closer to the chili hills of Champagne than Bourgogne. Now you may ask why bother making wine in such chili conditions? The answer is in the esteemed Kimmeridgian soil. This soil contains 150 million year old fossilized marine and oyster shelves from back when this whole part of the earth was underwater. Today, it produces some of the greatest Chardonnays on the planet, albeit a much different style of Chardonnay than you may be used to. Third generation wine maker Eve Grossot, who works with her father at the winery tells me more. - Now Chablis is really interesting because it's way up north. I mean, we had to drive over an hour, an hour and a half to get up here. It's not only cold, but the weather can be a bit more volatile. Are there other challenges? - And sometimes you get hail, right? - [Vince] So we were talking about the soils and then you found me a few of these. This is what makes this area special, this Kimmeridgian soil. Those are oysters, right? - [Eve] Yes. - [Vince] So, and what it gives to the wine is this very signature salinity and flintiness. If there's one word for Chablis, it's mineral driven wines because we study this. But to see it in person is really special. - [Vince] We head to the underground cave below the wine making facility to do some tasting. - [Vince] Tell me about this wine. This is your Chablis level wine. - Wow, so the nose is very, very aromatic, floral and mineral. Those are the two things I get, so bright, so mineral driven, and that's why people love these wines, right? - Let's take this ground and try and put that into a glass. Is there a lot of vintage variation from year to year? - Whatever nature gives you, that goes in the glass. - Okay, so this is the next level up. - This nose has a lot more of that chalk character than the last wine we had. It smells like when you were in school as a kid. - [Vince] And they would do this with the chalk. That's what this wine smells like. When you go to the Premier Crus is you get that very famous characteristic. The fruit character on the last wine, same vintage, was maybe in white peach. This is almost like yellow peach. Just a little bit more, just that next level. - [Vince] And then what we have next to it, 7-year-old wine. Oh my gosh! Wow, this is so wildly different than this. - It's so fun. Smoke, they say flint oftentimes and mushroom on the palate. Wow, this is a fun wine. - [Vince] Fruit generally fades anyway with time, right. That's what age does to a wine. What's interesting about this is how the flavor profiles are things that you probably wouldn't associate with Chardonnay from many other places in the world. Chardonnay is so dependent on where it comes from in the winemaker hand. And when you have it in this style, it is completely different than what a lot of people think Chardonnay is in their head. People don't associate Chardonnay with a wine that can age often. They think of Chenin blanc, they think of Riesling as ageable white wines. This is an ageable white wine. - This was one I was looking forward to. It did not disappoint, thank you very much. - [Vince] I was starting to see a trend emerging. This was yet another father daughter team making wines from some of the most coveted plots in the region in their small family winery. Bourgogne was shaping up to be a lot more modest than I expected. (playful upbeat music) - So we're in the town of Chablis, which is one of the most famous wine areas of Bourgogne and in the world and there's all these wineries that I've consumed and studied for years and are very, very famous. And yet if you didn't know what you were looking for, you'd walk right by it. How cool is this? Francois Raveneau, one of the most famous wine makers on the planet. I'm taller than the door. And there's a whole bunch of them like this in Chablis. These little tiny places that are inconspicuous and yet some of the most regarded wines on the planet reside within them. - [Vince] Did you know that on our website, each episode has a page where you can find listed all the wines we had as well as the places we visited. And while you're there, you can join Vino VIP and visit our members only section with a ton of behind the scenes videos and bonus content. Just thought I'd let you know. - There is no sentence in the world that breaks a sommelier's heart more than I don't like Chardonnay. Customers said it to me all the time, but I'm going on record now to say something in response that I never have before, you're wrong. It isn't Chardonnay the grape you don't like. You have a problem with the style of Chardonnay you've tried. You see, Chardonnay is like the tofu of the wine world. It can be anything and is very influenced by the wine maker who creates it. Chardonnay is actually the most widely planted white grape in the world and it's Bourgogne that made it so famous and in every style imaginable. Sparkling wine, check. Light, crisp with screaming acidity, citrus, and salinity from Chablis, check. Medium bodied with light oak, balanced acidity and rich yellow orchard fruits like pear, peach, and apple from Côte Chalonnaise or Mâconnais, check. Full bodied, opulent and oaked with creamy vanilla, toast, minerality and tropical fruits from the Côte d'Or, check. And everything in between, including age worthy wines that turn honeyed, waxy, mushroomy and complex. While you can't neatly summarize Chardonnay from Bourgogne, you can start to learn which areas make the styles that you enjoy. If Chardonnay is like tofu, Pinot Noir is like single origin chocolate or coffee. It absorbs the terroir it comes from more than any other grape in the world and it's up to the farmer to baby it ever so carefully through the harvest so it can show off the best version of itself. But the results are worth the effort. The Pinot Noirs from Bourgogne are undebatably extraordinary. A quick refresher on Pinot, it's light to medium in body, high in acidity, usually fairly low tannin and the fruit character lives in bright red to dark red, cherry, pomegranate, raspberry, black cherry and strawberry. But just like how putting Chardonnay in a box is hard to do here, the same can be said about Pinot Noir. Each Climat has a distinct style and I'll be honest, there's no flavor that you can't find in Bourgogne Pinot. You can encounter blue and black fruits. How about herbs and spices like thyme, pepper, or cinnamon, sure. Flowers like violets or roses, yep. Coffee, mocha, salami, tobacco, licorice, orange peel. If it exists, you can probably find it. But the one thing, almost every Pinot Noir here has, a primal earthiness, soil, moss, mushroom, truffles, and yes, sometimes funk in the best possible way. Bourgogne doesn't have chateaus like other French wine regions, they have Domaines and it's a small but important distinction. A chateau is more of what you may think of as a traditional wine estate. A place where there's a wine making facility, sometimes a grand castle like structure surrounded by vineyards that are harvested for use by that winery. But a Domaine is different. A Domaine is a winery that usually owns vineyards from many appellations across a wine region. For example, a Domaine may own 10 vineyards across 10 different appellations and make 10 different Chardonnays from those vineyards. And it's why Bourgogne labels can be confusing to newcomers. Two labels that look exactly the same with only a few words changed can be hundreds of dollars apart in price. And on the flip side, sometimes two different producers can make wine from the same exact grapes. So the label may look different, but the only change inside the bottle is who vinified the wine. So let's break down how to read these labels. - [Vince] At the end of the day, what we wanna determine is where the wine comes from and who made it. Let's start with where it comes from. Vin de Bourgogne will be on most wines, and this just tells you the wine is from Bourgogne. If you don't know any other words on the label, this is how you determine the wine isn't a Bordeaux or Rhône wine, for instance. It also tells you that it's more than likely a Pinot Noir if red or Chardonnay if white, because that's what they make here. Next we need to determine where it is on our hierarchy pyramid. If it's Régionale, it'll simply have the region name like Bourgogne. If it's Village level, it will have the village name listed. In both these cases, the official AOC designation will match the bigger text on the labels. If it's a Premier Cru, the wine will still list the village name, both on the label and in the AOCs but will add the Premier Cru designation and usually tell you the specific Premier Cru vineyard the grapes came from. Finally, Grand Cru wines will only list the vineyard name in big, bold letters and the AOC will match as every grand crew in Bourgogne is its own AOC. But what about who makes it? The producer name is often listed in smaller letters up top or below the location information, though there's no hard and fast rules here. Some producers hide their name in tiny texts. Some like big, bold branding. Finally, there will sometimes be other information like if the vineyard is a monopole where the grapes were vinified and if the vineyard is a clos or wall vineyard and other details. But honestly, I wouldn't worry about them as you start out. The most important info is knowing where the grapes come from and who did the vinification. - The more Bourgogne wines you try, the better you'll get at understanding the labels and knowing your favorite places and producers. And because this region focuses on single Climat and varietals for their wines, you get purity of fruit. There's no blending of other grapes or vineyard plots. If Bordeaux is like blended scotch, Bourgogne is single malt. These wines are a true expression of the grapes, terroir and the year they come from. A moment frozen in time in a bottle. - [Vince] Eating a meal is great, but learning to cook one yourself even better. You know, teach man to fish kind of thing. So back in Beaune, I met Adeline Borra-Aoust who runs her tour and cooking class company Terroirs by Adeline. Hot tip, she's got access to a bunch of wines and wine maker visits you won't be able to get or attend without her. So definitely give her a lookup if you're in the area. We took a stroll through her garden to grab some ingredients before heading inside to her studio kitchen, which I am definitely envious of. - [Adeline] This is probably the best product I have never cooked with. - [Vince] Yeah, yeah, this is my dream. This whole thing is my dream. - [Vince] What good is a meal without wine? So joining us was Bénédicte Bonnet from Les Vignerons de Buxy, which is a cooperative or co-op from the Cote Challonaise. - [Vince] A co-op is a group of vineyard owners that pool their resources and grapes together and then create wine under their own group label. This allows them to combine their resources to handle the wine making process, assist in distribution, and all in all, leverage economies of scale for the little guy. With so many fractured parcels of land in Bourgogne, co-ops are an important part of the industry here. - Well, that is great, juicy acidity, great earth character. It's a solid kind of under the radar, affordable entry level wine that you don't have to think too hard. - [Vince] Okay, time for me to get to work. - [Adeline] Okay, so Vince, now we're gonna work on the Gougères. So the Gougère is a pâte à choux. - [Vince] You know, pâte à choux. Okay, so maybe I didn't know, but how hard could it be? Start with butter, water, flour, and salt. - [Vince] Yeah, we just very quickly made a dough. - [Adeline] See? - [Vince] Wow. All right, now what? - See, now we're gonna use a mixer. - [Vince] Throw it in the mixer with some eggs. While the dough was mixing, we chopped our herbs from the garden and added it to our mix along with 12 month aged Comté cheese. Then it was time to pipe, which for someone who doesn't bake and is also a perfectionist, was a challenge. Top with more cheese. Then bake for 20 minutes at 385. - Hey, wow. - [Vince] Yeah, they puffed like crazy. - [Vince] This is the part where I usually burn my tongue refusing to wait. - [Vince] Should we call Bénédicte? - Yeah, I call Bénédicte. - Oh, Bénédicte. I'm going for this guy. Oh my God, that's great. You what it reminds you of? There's this place in America called the Red Lobster, and they have these like kind of cheesy biscuits. It's like the best version of that you could possibly find in your life. Light, airy, crispy on the outside and then with the wine. Great, because I mean the cheese is kind of earthy. You get the herbal character. - [Vince] The goujheres were salty and fatty from the cheese and butter. So the high acid wine balanced them perfectly. Plus the herbal character from the wine matched the herbs in the dough and this is a local Bourgogne dish. So if it grows together, it goes together. Onto our next course and wine. - Yeah, love that. Stone fruity, probably medium body, good medium, medium plus acidity. What do we pair? - Tomatoes, we gonna do a tomato gazpacho, three mustard ice cream. - Wait, you said mustard ice cream? - Mustard ice cream. - Okay. - [Vince] Okay, mustard ice cream it is. We started with egg yolks, sugar, milk, and cream. - Thought my baking skills were over. But this is a lot of baking technique - [Vince] And then went the three mustards, whole grain, Dijon and wasabi, as well as some chopped ginger and lime zest. Into the ice cream machine for a half an hour. - And then through the magic of editing, we're back, we have our ice cream now. - So then you have the base, which is the tomato gazpacho. - [Vince] Adeline had made in advance a simple gazpacho, which is cold tomato soup. So all we had to do was plate it up. Come on, I should open a restaurant, this looks pretty good. - [Adeline] Viola, that's it. - I just wanna try that on its own. - [Vince] That's really cool. So I just want you to know this was all my idea. Try it out, get a little of the ice cream too. And here's the thing, normally a tomato dish, we might go with the red wine, right. But because it's lighter and there's cream in there and it's chilled. - It's cold, exactly. - And it's cold. - I love it with the Chardonnay. - [Vince] The high acid Chardonnay cut through the acidic tomatoes and rich fatty ice cream. And the medium bodied wine matched the weight of the dish. We also contrasted some of the spiced mustard character with the stone fruit flavors of the wine. - This vineyard, this Premiere Cru. This premiere. - Premiere. - It's okay, they'll just yell at me in the comments. This vineyard is known for maybe a bit more structure in the wine? - Yeah, yeah, it's more concentrated. - It's got a beautiful earth character. - [Vince] Where do you go with this? - We're gonna go to duck 'cause it has a fatty skin. - Yeah, yeah, literally, I mean, you can see it, right? You can see the fat on the duck. - [Adeline] I'm gonna show you a life trick to tenderize your meat. Having a bath of sparkling water to the meat. - That tenderizes the meat. So all I do is dump this in. - Go for it, and then you have a two teaspoon of salt. - Now we wait minutes 45 minutes. - Now we gotta wait 45 minutes. (clock ticking) (timer buzzing) - And we're not afraid with salt in the kitchen. - That's what I say, I can see that. - [Vince] If I've learned one thing from chefs, especially chefs in France, it's don't be afraid of butter or salt. All right, here we go, skin side down. - Skin side down, excellent, look at the sound. - [Vince] Look at that. Look at the fat coming out. - [Adeline] Its coming. - [Vince] And so it's gonna cook in its own fat. - [Adeline] Yes. - [Vince] Oh my gosh, that's perfect. - [Adeline] Good. Perfect mid rear. - [Vince] Adeline made a broccoli and basil puree for the base and a sauce with some of our duck fat, cherries, Pinot Noir, shallots, butter and veal stock that we poured over top. - [Vince] First bite for you. This is like Top Chef. She's about to go Gordon Ramsey on me. She's gonna rip it apart. Yeah! I keep my job. That's as good as a pairing as can be found. This is such a perfect pair. High acid Pinot cut through the fatty salty duck and the tannin in this richer style of Pinot stood up to the fat as well. Plus the weight of the wine matched the dish. We matched flavors with the wine and cherry sauce and duck and Pinot is always a classic pairing. This was so much fun. Thank you for opening your kitchen. - You're very welcome- - Thank you for bringing your beautiful wines. - Santé! Now this is my kind of bookstore, all food and wine books. That's it, that's all I got. Francisco, this one's for you. A hundred pastas or do you prefer pasta masterclass? All right, here we go, here's the wine books. These are all books that I don't even know. Oh, hey look, our friend Madeline, our friend Madeline in French. Wait, look at this. It's a Robert Parker comic book. I don't know what he's saying 'cause it's in French, but he looks like he's having a great time. Look at the maps. Look at all these books with maps. I didn't know this many wine books exist, if I'm being honest, this is wild. This is all Bourgogne. Every single one of these books. This is a good one. Dirt Cake and Banyuls Wine. It's an unconventional pairing wine book. This one's pretty cool. See, look, they don't discriminate. There's Bordeaux. Every French wine region, I love these. This place is cool. These are like really detailed maps. So that's one vineyard and then block by block by block by block. What is this? French fries? I don't understand. - De-cat-er. - Oh, okay, in case the books are a little 2D for you. We have wine too. This is great and actually very helpful to have the maps. Like if I had a wine shop, I want all these maps right by my section so I can just point. Maybe the reserve section, huh? Yeah, now we're getting into it. Yeah, here's the stuff. (Vince exhales) - [Vince] The southernmost region in Bourgogne is Mâconnais. A place that feels distinctly different than the rest. You escape the busier more prestigious north and enter the French countryside. Rolling hills, charming villages and abbeys and lots of Chardonnay. At Domaine Séve, I met winemaker Antoine Séve to chat about what makes this area feel, well, peaceful. - Your family has had this property for how long? - Me and my sister, we are the fifth generation. My great-great-grandfather start to buy his first parcel in 1920. - [Vince] And your parents are still involved in the winery? - They can't retire it completely. - Everywhere I go all the winemakers say the same thing. They're like, well, I mean technically I'm in charge, but my parents are not letting go quite yet. - Yeah, yeah, it's passion so it's difficult to- - To walk away completely. - Yeah. - [Vince] This area as we were driving here, I mean it feels different than the rest of Bourgogne. - [Antoine] We can find a lot of valley and et cetera with a lot of variation of soil. This is why we can produce different type of wine with just one grape type. - It's mostly Chardonnay, why is that? - At the beginning there was not a lot of wine here. They use red wine and after they tried to plant Chardonnay and they taste and they say, oh, it's better compared to a gamay or Pinot for this area. - Interesting. - So they switch completely to white wine. - [Vince] Why do you think that is? - [Antoine] The soil. In general, it's more a white limestone, clay, marl. The first is communal from this village because it's produced in the area of the village of Solutre-Pouilly. - [Vince] The wines from Mâconnais versus Chalonnaise or the Côte d'Or, what makes it different? - It's a little bit more warm and sunny and it's a little bit more fat. - [Vince] Yeah, you are a hundred percent right. On the nose, there is still a great minerality. But we're in yellow to tropical fruit land. This isn't very lime citrusy. This is lemon citrusy, pears, apples. Maybe like I say, even some pineapple, like we're getting riper. - Yeah, but keep a good acidity to have a good balance and for this cuvée, we only age it stainless. Mâcon, it's something like you can drink easily, fresh, fruity. - But there's a richness to the mouth feel even in stainless, that's pretty remarkable. - We always do the malolactic fermentation to have something very smooth. - [Vince] You get the rich, creamy butter kind of character, but not so much the flavors of the baking spice from the oak that would overwhelm the natural grape. You can see I liked it, I had my whole taste. - You want another one? - You can pour me a little more. You're like the perfect example of a Domaine versus Château, because we can see it from the winery. So right here, right over there. You make the wine on this property, no matter where it comes from. But you were saying that you have some vineyards over there past that village. You've got some vineyards over there at the other rock and then you said you have a little bit of land just right up there, right? - Yeah, we have only nine hectares but divide on 24 parcels. - At the top of that hill, you only have like 18 rows. If this was a Château, this would be the wine making facility and then you'd own all of this, but that's not the way it happens in Bourgogne. - [Vince] Next up was a Pouilly-Fuissé Premiere Cru. - More well known, but it's really smaller compared to Mâcon. We have now 22 Premiere Cru since 2020. - Oh wow. - [Antoine] So it's completely different. - [Vince] Completely different. - Yeah, because for the aging, for this Cuvée it's only in barrel. - [Vince] Yep. - [Antoine] The previous one was only in vats. - They can rival some of the best wines from the Côte d'Or in style and in quality. This smells like what we love about maybe a richer style of Chardonnay. We get the baking spice right on the nose. We get the vanilla, we get the creaminess. We're talking brûlée and toasty nose. - Toasty, yeah, spices. We have minerality, but smooth minerality, not aggressive. - Wow, that is good and on the palette, very, very savory. Nutty, there's some great hazelnut kind of almond notes. Whereas the first wine we were talking about the fruit, this wine we get pretty savory. - Yeah, it's less on the fruits. It's more complex, it's more rich. The idea to use barrel, it's not to give the oak taste. It's just to help the wine to be a more open. - [Vince] And for people who like maybe haven't had a Chardonnay like this, this is such a great representation of Bourgogne Chardonnay. I mean, if you combine this Chardonnay with this view, this is about as good as it gets. - [Vince] In case it wasn't clear how much I loved this wine. Here's what I said off camera. - [Vince] Speaking of off camera, sometimes our best moments in this show occur once we stop rolling. Case in point, Antoine and his sister Matilde brought out a 2011 vintage of their Pouilly-Fuissé and it was singing. The crew and I had it on the patio with some local goat cheese, good company and sunny weather. Picturesque afternoon in a Mâconnais experience fit for a postcard. I love mustard yellow, brown, green, Chinese, English. They're all great to me. But the king of mustards, definitely Dijon, which is a yellow French mustard that originated in the town of Dijon right up the road. So naturally I had to head to Moutarderie Fallot in Beaune to learn how they make it. Mustard factories take some getting used to. This place seriously burns your eyes and nose. - Very nice, I'm sorry, my eyes are watering. - [Vince] Think about if you've ever just taken a bite of too much wasabi except that that's just the air. - I get emotional with how much I enjoy the mustard. - [Vince] My guide explained how they make it. Start by curing mustard seeds, vinegar, and salt. At that point, they stone grind the seeds, which you can't see but happens in those big tubs. Next, the mustard either stays with the husk for grain mustard or goes through the mill to become creamy. If it's Dijon, it's made with regular white wine. But they also have some they make with special Bourgogne wine or vinegar or other flavors as I was about to find out. - This is the most quantity of mustard I've seen in one time in my entire life. Oh, look at this, this is a bottling line. Here it gets all packaged up and sent to me. It's like mustard-topia. Oh man, what is this? Oh, it's like a mustard tasting bar. - [Guide] Yes. - Whew, it is stronger. Oh, my gosh. - [Guide] Yeah. - [Vince] It's like Guinness is better at the source. The mustard's better at the source. I'm into that, very different character. - It is strong. All right, honey mustard. - [Vince] It is the best honey mustard I ever had. McDonald's, this is honey mustard. (laughs) I'm having so much fun. - [Guide] It's hot. - Oh, that's nice, that's pleasant. - Oh, that one's good. - [Guide] Yeah, yeah. - Oh, my gosh, that is great. What was this last one? Did we try all of them? Well, I gotta tell you, I've been to wine bars, I've been to beer bars. I think mustard bar is my favorite. This is my new favorite now, I live here now. (gentle music) - [Vince] The Côte d'Or slopes of gold, now that's a name. The most prestigious wine area in France. The center of Bourgogne is home to the most famous wineries in the world and yet, these are farms run by farmers. They're not royalty, they don't have paparazzi, they're a family business making wine. So I decided to meet a few Chassagne-Montrachet winemakers in the manner in which they lived and worked. Not at some fancy meal where their wines are often served, but at a simple picnic near their vineyards. At least that was the plan until the rain stepped in. So we moved indoors for a tasting led by Adrien Pillot of Domaine Fernand et Laurent Pillot and a few friends. Anne-France Ramonet from Domaine Ramonet, Simon Colin from Domaine Simon Colin, and Bastien Duvernay from Domaine Coffinet-Duvernay. Phew, that's a lot of French names. - So sometimes we get to film in beautiful picturesque locations with perfectly sunny days and sometimes, we get to film in garages and to me that's kind of what Bourgogne is, right? It's known as this region that has these ups and downs and there's a lot of families who have some connections. You're distant cousins, right? - We are distant cousin as I am with Bastien. - So you have many generations that stayed here and stayed here and so everybody is kind of close. - And France is the only one that is a outsider. - She's an outsider. - Cheers. - Cheers! - [Vince] Bastien, tell me about what we're drinking today. - I just opened Chassagne Premier Cru, Les Blanchots Dessus. It's terroir just under Montrachet Grand Cru. - Yeah, so you have the Grand Cru of Montrachet and then right below it. - You have this plot. And your family has been producing wine. - For five generation. - [Vince] And you've kind of taken over and you'll maybe one day pass it down to your kids. - Maybe. If I have kids. - No pressure. Deliciously juicy, bright, fresh. - I really do like the tension in the wine from the '21 vintage. - [Vince] '21 may be a little cooler. - All the flavor are well balanced. Nothing's taking over it, so. - No, I love it. - I thank you my friend. - [Vince] You can tell this group of friends weren't used to talking about each other's wines this way, which reinforced what I kind of already knew. They don't see this as a competition, but as a collective village endeavor, if their town succeeds, they all do. - So how long has your family been producing wine? - It was my great-grandfather who created the Domaine, Pierre Ramonet. - [Vince] You and your sister run it now? - [France] Yeah, yes. - [Vince] Very good. - [France] My cousins too. - What would you say the style of your house is? - We work the wine with the lees, so you can feel the richness. It's just the vineyards. - [Vince] Oh, right over there. - [France] Yes. - [Vince] A little bit of that toasty brioche. I think we mentioned tension with this. This may be because of that lees aging. a bit creamier. - Yes! And also, its the 20. - [Bastien] Two opposite vintage. - We stopped the vintage 24th of August in '20. and in '21, first, it was in 17th of September. - Some vintage bring maturity, some of the one keep some freshness. - A little leaner style, more linear. This is a little bit fatter, but they're all good. - It is good to have a different vintage because it'll be boring if we always make the same. - [Vince] In a semi-continental Climate like Bourgogne, vintage variation is common, but in the eyes of a Bourgogne winemaker, this is okay. They would tell you the goal here isn't consistency. The goal is representing the terroir and the year as accurately as possible. - [Vince] You have a lot of winemakers in your family that I know. (laughs) - It's now roughly six estate, so I'm now working on my own. Having the Colin name is a treat, but it also, you need to make it out to make your surname. - Sure, yeah, with great power comes great responsibility. - [Simon] Exactly. - As they say. I'm farming now nine hecters. We also farm organic, which I think it's very important to say right now. - Roses and violets and some great floral character. This is a pretty wine. - I think that's the big challenge when you do Chassagne. The vines we have and also the area that we farm the Chassagne now are making strong and very tannic wine and you have to be, for me, as much as delicate with the grapes to make easy drinking pretty wine. - So delicate as the winemaker. - Obviously. - [Vince] Philippe, Marc, Joseph, Pierre Yves Jean Marc. Simon is part of an epic wine family, but after talking to him, I know he's unafraid of the challenge and responsibility of living up to his family name. - What's important to the younger generation in Bourgogne? - Realizing that we are living changes. Climate is obviously the tough that we see, but the market is changing. - The customers. - The customers is changing. - Before they keep the wine and now the people really want to drink the wine fast. - We have to respect the nature and to work with it and then on the wine, I think the style is changing. My father, my grandfather used to extract a lot and now, we are more on the gentle extraction to bring more fruitiness and then is a family things as they say. - [Vince] We were appropriately interrupted by the very family we were speaking about. Adrien's grandfather. Hello! - It's the Fernand on the label. - Thank you for letting us use your garage. - I don't speak English. (all laughing) - [Adrien] We're here because someone before us a long time ago started the business. So it's a part of we respect that. - I think if we want to look forward, we also need to look back. - Here we are in south of Chassagne, it's Morgeot. As this generation, I try to make a gentle wine, good balance to taste it as young as old. - Mix of red and blue fruit character, there's a great spice on it as well. - [Adrien] We have one third of the winery in Pomard where it's a totally different style, different soil. Limestone on the top part where it's better for the white, clay on the bottom parts where we grow up the red, we always say that it takes 20 years to understand the vineyard, the terroir, but I think we will never, ever understand all of our vineyard. - [Vince] The never ending journey to understand Bourgogne is a common statement I heard from winemakers all over the region. As we finished up, it wouldn't have been a discussion about family lineage without Adrien's father joining the party as well, right? Even if it did interrupt our take. - We know these wines as consumers, and you come here expecting one thing. You come here expecting this kind of over the top maybe inaccessible region, but as people now see, it's just family businesses. Your passion is making wine and continuing the legacy of the people who came before you and I think that's something that is really special. So to the future of Bourgogne, yeah. - Thank you. - [Vince] If you knew about Bourgogne before watching this, you may have come in expecting a different episode. I did too, it was my first time here and it's a humbler region than I imagined in my head. There are far fewer luxury hotels, grand tasting rooms and touristy restaurants than I thought there would be in the most renowned wine region on the planet. Instead, I found some form of the following everywhere I went. Adrien and his father opening some special vintages for the crew and I. Simon and Bastien discussing their dinner plans and France going right back to work in the vineyard the second filming was over. Family wineries, quaint villages, homey food and winemakers focused on making and drinking wine above all else. (light uplifting upbeat music) The Roche de Solutré, a giant rock formation breaking from the earth as if to be reaching for the sky, formed from 150 million year old limestone and thousands of years of erosion and tectonic activity. It's a striking presence in the landscape of southern Bourgogne. People who have a passion for wine often see Bourgogne as the quintessential wine region. Its famed history and ancient geology laid a solid foundation for its success today and like layers in the rock, previous generations know-how and wisdom have been passed down to its descendants slowly building this region up one layer at a time. Today's winemakers know they'll have to do the same, preserve the land for the future and act as stewards of this knowledge for their children as well. Because of this, wine lovers like me across the globe have a never ending mountain of exploration to try and ascend. When it comes to Bourgogne, no matter how high you climb, you'll never know at all, never reach the top. But what you do know for certain is that you can come back here again and again and always find something new, something genuine. Winemakers aren't concerned with anything other than the purity of their product. They care about honesty, representing a moment in a bottle. This makes every new trek into Bourgogne predictably unpredictable. Every new ascent, perfectly imperfect. Bourgogne is full of adventure for those willing to seek it. I hope you enjoyed this episode and we'll see you next time on "V is for Vino." (gentle upbeat music) Hey, Vince here, hope you enjoyed the episode. If you have a moment, follow us on Instagram. And if you really wanna support, please consider joining Vino VIP on visforvino.com. It's our members-only club with a ton of benefits. Thanks for watching and see you soon! (gentle upbeat music fades)

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlottelf42 [1 likes]: I really enjoyed seeing you and the French savoring the beauty of wine.
  2. @richardLee-dd3gn [1 likes]: I smiled through this entire video. 

Bravo!
  3. @John-wx2ce [1 likes]: I’m drinking a premier cru Nuit St. George right now and it doesn’t suck!
  4. @JerriDorr [1 likes]: I just got Lambrusco, Riesling, Beaujolais and Prosecco from cameron Diaz wine and do you know that these are dry wines
  5. @jchi [1 likes]: i'm not sure why this recommended to me -- i'm not particularly passionate or knowledgeable about wine -- but this was a lovely video
  6. @danarobeznieks9202 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  7. @lollettealipe9363 [1 likes]: Love the Outro. Perfect wrap up for a beautifully crafted video on Bourgongne.
  8. @noelbrian55 [1 likes]: Fantastic video.
  9. @joseluismartinezruiz1416 [1 likes]: Fabulous video!!! Congratulations to you!! I love this world 🍷🍷
  10. @WineUnfiltered-j4u [1 likes]: Such a magical region😍✨👏
  11. @JessicaAlvarez-jp9mq [1 likes]: This was such a wholesome video!!! Thank you so much for this!! I love your channel so so much!! I hope to visit one day!!
  12. @casperoomen9111 [1 likes]: Very good episode!!
I always perceived Bourgogne to be a reagon very full of itself
But this changed my mind
  13. @edmoore: Ber-goan-yer. Crickey.
  14. @marialoretobricenomoneva8024: SANTE
  15. @carnivaltym: I mostly avoid American doco's about wine, and I honestly wasn't sure about you to start, BUT you, sir, are a class act with genuine knowledge that is enhanced rather than diminished by your enthusiasm! I really enjoyed your show. 9/10. Most definitely subscribed.

Mustards! Yes! I ❤️ it too! I recall working my second vintage, in NZ, with 3 young women from Lyon. I asked them about the wine from Burgundy many years ago. What amazed me about thier reply was that they talked about the food first - the beef, the chicken, the rabbit, mushrooms, herbs and vegitables - and what they tasted like in which seasons. THEN, they talked about the wines!  I learnt a lot about wine from that lengthy
 exchange!

30 years later,  I wouldn't expect such detailed attention from young French women today!  😂😂
  16. @sgtwalnut84: Loved this episodes! Been along for the ride since season 1 and a long time VIP member. Love what you guys are doing - inspiring to see someone chasing their dream. Keep up the great work!
  17. @NewYork_NJ: Chinese wine are coming. If they provide the pino nior $ 20 for same quality of $ 200 of burgundy. I will go with them.
  18. @Internationaldjmakavelidre: https://youtu.be/ulfBE5SSW1I?feature=shared A Search for the truth Lost Heirs From Jean Jacques,  Jean Armand, Pierre,  Paschal,  Father Of The Vines Desvignes DesVigne From #france to #Louisiana DNA dont lie .
  19. @jeangiraud6887: It’s Bourgogne, not Bourgognah
  20. @dominicboileau: Good video but please call it properly, Bourgogne !! not bourgognaaaaa 🤯

- Burgundy vs Bordeaux, with Hugh Johnson and Jancis Robinson: Kind: captions Language: en Good evening everyone. My word, what a what a reception. Now, I am seriously out of my comfort zone. I don't get often nervous, but I am tonight because I'm not cooking. And I'm I'm chairing and I'm in between these two greats. They really are greats, the greats that I look up to anyway. Um a few things. Uh first off, stop drinking. I know you are. You're you're having a little sip. Hang on. Wait until these guys tell you to, please. And uh how come we haven't got I haven't got a glass yet? That that's not right. Not right. So, just hang on to your glasses for a while, please. Um later on in the evening, you will be uh asked to vote. We've asked you to vote as well pre-vote online, so I hope you've all done that. Um at the end of the evening, we'll be asking you to vote. You should have a card with you. A little card similar to this. Bordeaux, burgundy. And you will need to tear it in half, and you put in the urn or the ballot box the one that you vote for. Now, remember we're not voting for which one of these two wines is the best. We're voting for the choice of Bordeaux and burgundy. The characteristics and the style, that's what's up for discussion tonight. So, Bordeaux, burgundy into the urn or into the ballot box. If you don't know, you put both in. If you want another glass, no, that's not no. No, that's not going to happen. That is not going to happen. So, that's how it works. So, I must say for me, it's an incredible honor. An honor to be here tonight, an honor to be amongst two greats that I look up to as I said. An honor to be in front of you as well. Um many of which I believe enjoy wine like myself. Um and uh probably Gavroche customers as well. I've noticed already a few. So, thank you. It's great. When I got the call to do this, I immediately jumped to it. I said, "Yes, but why me? Why the chef?" Well, I suppose it's because I am French after all. I have French genes running in my blood as well as French wines. You two will be glad to know. And one of my first memories of drinking wines, as you all know, growing up maybe you don't know. I know there are a few French people in here. As you grow up as a child in a French family, you get to sniff the wines at a very very young age. And you get a bit of wine with a drop of water in it. And I mean at a very very young age. Uh to get you used to drinking these wonderful wines and to appreciate the finer things in life. Uh and one abiding memory I remember, and I could have been only about seven at the time. it was a Sunday lunch, family lunch with friends, close close friends. And I had to say sat at the table for the whole period of the lunch, the starter, the main course, and then dessert came. And dessert came, and dad grabbed me, and he said, "You've got to put your nose in this glass." Sweet wine had arrived. So, he forcefully pushed my nose into this glass. And I smiled. I must say I did smile. And then he said, "Maintenant faut goûter." You've got to taste. Oh, all right then, I will. it was ambrosial, nectar, the finest cough syrup I'd ever tasted. Château d'Yquem, no less. What a way to start. What a way to start. So, I was sold on it, absolutely sold on it. So, that's my little my little anecdote of how I fell in fell in love with with great wines. Enough said on that. These two really don't need much introduction, but I'm going to. Our first speaker tonight, arguing for Bordeaux, is one of the world's leading wine authors. He has written a host of best sellers, including the World Atlas of Wine, which I have, you'll be glad to know. In fact, I've got several copies. Which he co-authors with his opponent, Jancis Robinson. And his annual pocket wine book, which I have several copies as well. Whose 2015 edition is available now. Yes, we we're not afraid of plugging the stuff. I'll tell you. His books on gardening and trees are also celebrated. Unfortunately, I do not have a copy of those, but I shall be out there buying one soon. making the case for burgundy, we have another titan of the wine world. Her books include the hugely successful Oxford Companion to Wine, Wine Grapes, and the aforementioned World Atlas of Wine. She is the Financial Times wine correspondent, and her website jancisrobinson.com Yeah, well, I told you we weren't afraid of plugging things here. has subscribers in more than 150 countries. She was the first person outside the wine trade to qualify as Master of Wine in 1984. And that's Jancis Robinson. I think they deserve a round of applause just to get us going. Just a little question to both of you. How did you fall in love with wine? Very appropriately, it was a burgundy. I wasn't I wasn't brought up with wine really, but when I got to Oxford, I was exposed to some pretty nice wine, not least thanks to a boyfriend whose father gave him a little bit too much money. I like this man very much, the the father in particular. Um and I I it was a an evening at the Rose Revived in Witney, which I looked up today and saw Trip Advisor just three stars today. Um and it was a bottle of Chambolle-Musigny Les Amoureuses 1959. Oh. Which was so so much better than any student plonk that I had tasted up to then. And I put my nose in it, and I could tell that that in here was was history and geography and personality. And I could see that that this was something that that would give me huge intellectual stimulation, but also just masses and masses of sensual pleasure. And I I have I am on the record as saying that that Bordeaux you can appreciate Bordeaux from the neck up only, but not burgundy. That's my story. And thank you. Well, our senior university did a very good job, because I'm the Cambridge contingent here. The snag is that the wines were But there was I pretending to work one evening in in my rooms at King's. my roommate came in a bit the worse for wear, he was all disheveled, dinner jacket, and a stain or two on his shirt. And he said, "Hughie, he said, Casey, you've got to try these two wines." Um he must have spilled a bit coming upstairs, but I did. And groggy as I was with English literature buzzing around my head, um I tasted them. And I said, "But good lord," I said, "yeah, I mean this is this one is I don't know why you showed me this one. It's nothing much. But this one is absolutely amazing." And he said, "Well, believe it or not, they come from within, let's say, 100 yd of each other on the hillside." And I suppose in a way that was the um the seed that grew into the World Atlas of Wine. Fantastic. Thank you. Well, without any further ado, I think it's time for you two to to express yourselves to the full and start the debate. So, Hugh, your case now. Up you go to defend the the the virtues of the beautiful drink that is burgundy. Oh, sorry, Bordeaux. Actually, Jancis and I might have spun a coin for that. I rather hoped somebody was going to flip us on the night. Uh Bordeaux, well, I mean self-evident. Bordeaux is a is actually a like several other wines, port being pretty obvious, and champagne being less obvious, but equally true, was actually designed for this market, the English market. We are its natural drinkers. Um I'll explain in a minute, but the point is that the we didn't have a great choice in the Middle Ages, it's perfectly true. But when Bordeaux and England were both under the same crown, it was as good as having those vineyards in England. We didn't we didn't have any vineyards in England. So, everything about Bordeaux has been precisely tuned and focused on uh what we like to drink in this country. I dare say our taste has changed a bit over time, but it still pleases us enormously and in huge quantities. What is it about the taste? It it goes so well with food. It is it is not beefy. It is it's a dry wine. It's a refreshing wine. It you would you can always come back. In fact, you always must come back and have another sip or two. It asks questions. It stimulates chances I uh above the neck. Well, it stimulates all sorts of parts of me. And I believe it does you, too. I don't think that I'm absolutely without friends in the room. Uh but it will be when the when the moment comes for voting and you put your X where the X is on the glass, I believe. You will have made a very sensible move. And I'll know you're doing it honestly uh and in a true spirit of a fine British drinker. Jancis. My word, you're supposed to take 15 minutes. You've only taken five. I know that that was an opening statement. Now, I've got another few other remarks to make. I Aren't they on there? They are. Oh, up you go, Hugh. I'm always confused. I have to take a bit of ammo with me. Remind me what I'm talking about. Very good. I'm convinced already. I mean, I No, no, no. No, no, no. What it says here is to thank Jancis for letting himself in for this party um and to thank Hannah for inviting me to be part of it and to to greet Jancis as collaborator lifelong friend and superstar and of course the great um wine opinion former of our time. So, if she can't form your opinions tonight, she's having a night off. I said earlier, we could have spun a coin about this. Um and uh I was happy either way. But drinking is a serious business. So, do take me seriously. And I'll remind you of Frank Sinatra's remark when he said, "I really feel so sorry for people who don't drink because when they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day." Well, Jancis will deploy some pretty fancy arguments. She's got it all at her fingertips. And she will demonstrate to you that for finesse, for sensuality, for variety for the soul of the thing Burgundy is where it's at. She might even cite the variety of soils of the Côte d'Or and elsewhere. She will probably mention the Pinot Noir, hm, which she might rationally claim is the best red grape. I'm just second-guessing you, my dear. Don't mind. I don't undercut your pitch. And how the on the Côte d'Or or elsewhere, the Pinot Noir interprets the soil so perfectly, so transparency transparently that you can tell exactly what you're drinking, where you're drinking it from with a sniff and a sip. Well, aren't we lucky to have all these choices? I mean, here we are uh uncommitted drinkers who will commit yourselves later in the evening, I know um with the choice of Left Bank, Right Bank, Volnay, Nuits-Saint-Georges, come to that, Old World and New World. The world is out there and it offers us an unbelievable variety of things that we might drink. Uh I know that this is actually what really attracted me to wine in the first place. It was the fact it wasn't all the same. If you can find something uh to enjoy where there is a different interpretation or a different version of it every time for every day of your life, for all I know, thousands and thousands. That's a pretty good thing to collect if you're a collector. And um that is the way that my mind goes. I can't see a new wine bottle or a new wine label without wanting to know what it's like. I just want to get the cork out and um have a slurp and see whether it's something that I didn't know about, but it's something better than I expected or not so good. Um there's always that stimulus. It's a wine needed stimulus uh to it's curiosity. And I think curiosity is both a fault and a virtue. I'm jolly glad that I'm full up to the top with it. Now, we have in our glass the one with an X the sample that I chose to represent Bordeaux. What What a fantastic um responsibility. I mean, Bordeaux produces more fine wine than anywhere else in the world. And that's not an exaggeration. It is a huge area. It actually produces five times as much wine as Burgundy. So, it starts with a bit of an advantage. The wider choice. The wine I've chosen is from Saint-Julien in the middle of the Médoc many people's first choice in Bordeaux. I'm going to say claret, actually, because it's uh two shorter syllables. Uh claret, what What does claret mean? It means clear light wine and it goes back to the Middle Ages. Um it was the wine that was first shipped immediately after the harvest. You remember Beaujolais Nouveau? Well, it was like Beaujolais Nouveau. You couldn't get it home quick enough. It wasn't going to get any better. In fact, it would go off if you kept it until the following year. So, claret was a clear wine that had been im- immediately racked, didn't have any any sediment any lees in it, and was taken home. So, claret uh has been our national drink, as I remind you, as I said earlier. And one of the first clarets that people seemed to understand and take to come from the Médoc, Saint-Julien lies right in the middle of the Médoc. It's not a wine of extremes. It's a kind of you're good or you're very good or you're wonderful average claret. This is a fair um take on what claret means altogether. Um this is Château Lalande-Borie and it's 2009, which is a banker vintage. Uh it is at at at the age it is now, it's 6 years. It is beginning to show the where it's going to go and as I shall explain one of the great virtues of Bordeaux is that you can keep it with confidence if it's good and find that years later you've got another version and probably a better version of what you bought in the first place. This capacity to age and to develop um and become more interesting um is something obviously not unique to claret, but it's built into the formula, I think. nature was very kind in 2009. It did everything right. It was called, as so many vintages are, the vintage of the century. Somebody said there are actually three kinds of Bordeaux vintage. There's um there's a restaurant vintage. There's a luncheon vintage. And there's a vintage of the century. So, this is one of those. and what do we look for in it? Well, the tasting routine will be familiar to everybody who's bothered to buy a ticket for tonight. I'm absolutely sure I don't have to tell you where your nostrils are or where the opening of the glass is. You apply one to the other. You take a long look at it. Of course, all of that the light is not the most revealing in this room. Happily, I have a piece of white paper. And actually, when I'm tasting, I always carry a bit of white paper paper because if it's some other color, you don't quite get the picture. Um I look at it and I see it's a It's a It's a powerful dark red, as I would hope from a young wine of a good vintage. Um it the color is deepest in the middle. And if you look at the edge of it, the rim, you'll see it is already just started to fade a little bit. It's paler at the rim. Well, as it gets older and older, you'll see that the rim grows broader and broader till with very old wine, there's quite a sort of ring of white around the wine. This is because inside the pigments and the tannins are doing all sorts of magical chemical things together uh precipitating color and forming new molecular combinations which come to your nose um and make you smile. So, the sniff is very important part of It is dry, is it not? It's almost astringent. You feel acidity in it. You feel this isn't quite what I'd call a delicious taste. It's not easy, sweet, sort of something sumptuous to that It's not like being served a lovely pudding. It's definitely for the It's one of the appetizing things that belongs in the savory part of your taste. It is dry. It is I feel it's even a little bit salty. It tastes of fruit but not obviously of any fruit that you could possibly imagine. Um it is a fruity flavor which will stay in the front of your mouth and sweeten your palate a bit but not to the point where you could actually describe it as sweet. And then it is also drying other parts of your mouth. It's not so much the front part in the middle but you are getting a slightly astringent dryness which leads you to have another sip, which is of course the secret of the whole thing. That is the secret. Um I don't need to say more about Saint Julien really but I will just say that Langoa Barton is called from the the Barton family uh who have been landowners in the Medoc for a very long time. Uh they own Chateau Ducru Beaucaillou and they own uh Chateau Grand Puy Lacoste. Uh two names which will be familiar to a lot of you I know. Um they play at a very very high level they had an opportunity a few years ago of buying a bit of land which had been from another class growth. I believe it was Chateau Lagrange Lagrange. Why Lagrange was selling part of its huge and wonderful vineyard I can't remember. and they started making it wine which is not a class growth. It uh it has been declassified to that extent. It doesn't belong to a class growth Chateau. And the funny thing in Bordeaux is that land that belongs to a class growth is class land. I can't excuse that. It's ridiculous but it's true. It's never spoiled my pleasure and don't suppose it will yours. Um the Barton started Langoa Barton in order to have a wine of this caliber. In other words, not a super celebrity wine something that could be sold for a relatively modest price um and that would play please all claret lovers. We are just Julia and I just back from California where we had a fantastic time and the weather was wonderful. one of the snags there is when you look at the wine list the prices are absolutely astonishing. I mean basically Napa Cabernet starts at $100 if it's got any self-respect. Um and I looked at the wine list with great interest. The three cheapest wines on this red posh restaurant wine list were all French. And they were a Saint-Émilion, a Sancerre, and a Chablis. Well, if in California they think all their wines are worth more than than those three wines um I think they've got a problem or they will in the long run. There's another problem they have but I'm I'm not I didn't come here to talk about Napa cabs but I will say this that very few people buy another bottle of the same. In fact, it stops you on the first glass. It's terribly strong. It's tends to be sweet. It's in your face and it's not what you really want to go with your hamburger. And I always think that the secret of a successful wine business is to sell two bottles rather than one. So I'm not sure why they get hang up on like that what the hang up is. We are broad-minded about wine. Okay, we love claret best, don't we? But we're very broad-minded. We'll try any wine from anywhere. Funny enough I've been to us Bordeaux and Burgundy are rival suppliers and there are other rival rivals. I mean there is there is Kiwi Sauvignon. There are other things you could drink but I don't advise it. But the nation that invented chauvinism does see things quite differently. If by any chance and it won't happen somewhere in Bordeaux were to be offered a glass of Burgundy either red or white he would say thank you and be perfectly gracious about it and he might even taste it. He might even force a smile but his next remark would start with the expression comme un What does comme un it means even so, you know, notwithstanding, all the same it's drinkable. The uh Do I have time? You've got about a minute. I've got a minute. Uh There are two cultures. They are not friendly to each other. They're in fact they're embattled and always will be about the virtues of their wines. Pinot Noir, the pure produce of this wonderful land land of the peasant where everybody belongs to the land and the land belongs to them. It's happened for centuries and centuries. Bordeaux, this concoction for the British market where there isn't even a native grape. The Cabernet, the Merlot, all that family were imported from somewhere else. They didn't grow wine in Bordeaux at all until they found a market for it and that market is right here. So they darted on this mongrel product blending Cabernet and Merlot because these grapes succeeded on their gravelly land. They worked on its reputation. They worked and worked and worked. They produced a product for the consumer, for you. They didn't wait for nature to give them uh an advantage. They found the advantage and uh they have over time perfected it. Neither Bordeaux nor Burgundy was as good a few years ago or over time as it is today. Both have definitely upped their act a lot and recently uh to our great benefit. they've changed their nature a bit. Uh Bordeaux has got more potent, riper to taste more fun to drink in a way. Burgundy's gone rather in the opposite direction I submit. So Bordeaux is here. It's available. It's understandable. Comes in big units, not in tiny little vineyard parcels but in big big units. There are 250,000 bottles of a first growth. Even Petrus, the rarest Bordeaux, makes something like 30,000 bottles a year. Romanée Conti, which everybody worships in Burgundy Well, there must be people who never tasted it. Must be true. In a good year makes 5,000 bottles. So what are they offering the world? A very very exclusive product, a gleaming diamond for the super rich, for the snob. Ooh. Objection, m'lord. And time's up anyway so come on. It's time to get Is it time to sit down? Yes. I I'll do that then. Very well, thank Thank god he ran out of time or I wouldn't have had a chance um otherwise. Okay. Uh I don't have much time so let's look at those three elements that were in my glass of Chambolle-Musigny Les Amoureuses all that time ago. History. Well, as Hugh has just admitted um if you take the two heartlands of French fine wine production, the Côte d'Or in Burgundy, the Medoc in Bordeaux the Côte d'Or has been growing vines since at least the first century AD before Christianity. Uh this was uh we discovered this in 2008. Suddenly an an ancient villa was found just outside Gevrey-Chambertin. Until then we thought it was the third century. Uh whereas the Medoc full of these class growths um was a marshy swamp until the Dutch were given a license to drain it in the late 17th century. Um and when according to Hugh's lovely book The Story of Wine it was still described as sauvage et solitaire. So wild just beyond the pale basically. So Bordeaux is basically a parvenu as as Hugh admits. Um geography. We move on to geography. Now of course the thrill of Burgundy partly as a as a result of its long history is the precision of its geography. And as co-authors of the World Atlas of Wine Hugh we agree wine is geography in a bottle. What's lovely about Burgundy is that its maps and its taxonomy are so refined, so precise, so dependable. And if all other variables such as wine producer, vintage, uh technique is the same different wines from different vineyards do taste different. Vosne-Romanée Malconsorts does taste perceptibly different from Vosne-Romanée Les Chaumes just down the hill. It's got a bit more clay. It's a bit lower and it's very it's very very convincing. It's geographically convincing. Um at village level the wines share common characteristics. Vosne will have be lovely racy stuff always compared with Gevrey's richness and and Chambolle's transparency. Um and over all these centuries there's hardly been any change to the boundaries or the map in Burgundy. Medieval monks who did so much for viticulture in Burgundy would recognize many of the names that we see on labels today. Contrast that with Bordeaux. Um where for a start Chateau owners are constant as Hugh has just said uh La Grange set Chateau owners are constantly swapping parcels of land. Uh so that and very very few Bordeaux Chateaus are one contiguous estate. They're sort of here and a little bit there and then I'll swap that with my neighbor. Um even the boundaries of the communes change. I mean the um Saint-Julien appellation was recently reformulated to include somewhere that it never did. Um Uh and well, I won't go into too much detail cuz I'll be running out of time. Um but as for the general character of each Bordeaux appellation, we were taught as we were learning about wine that they each had perceptible uh character. Saint-Julien was sort of in the middle, Margaux was scented and perfumed, Pauillac a bit stricter. But these have been eroded recently, too. Not least because the Bordeaux producers have so nakedly chased points from certain American commentators. And so says headmistress Jancis, they um they've been beefing up their wines as Hugh has just admitted. Um they've got richer then riper and they've actually blurred some of those lovely distinctions that they used to have and that they should be so proud of. So one big point in my book in favor of of Burgundy, oddly enough, is that they don't actually bend to curry favor with us wine writers. In fact, I've been going to Burgundy to taste the latest vintage every year every autumn for at least 15 years and I could count the number of invitations I've had to break bread with the vignerons on the fingers of one hand. Um whereas it is very different in Bordeaux. So we come on to personality. Um and I'm afraid here Burgundy wins hands down over Bordeaux. Um although I must remember that we're being filmed and therefore uh I must be reasonably discreet. What's What's great about Burgundy is the dirt. I don't just mean the all important dirt uh in the vineyard, but the the dirt on muddy boots, the dirt in fingernails. Someone even like Dominique Lafon from as noble a domain as domain Comte Lafon, he has filthy fingernails because these are the people who both prune and prune the vines and make the wine. Whereas in Bordeaux hardly any of the most famous wine folk would know what to do with a pair of secateurs. Um they're much more familiar with spreadsheets because Bordeaux is above all a place of commerce as Strabo noted in his 7th century geography. He didn't mention wine at all in the context of Bordeaux. He just said it was a place of commerce. But I shouldn't complain because the Bordelais, unlike the the Burgundians, are super lavish with their invitations. But it's always clear exactly why they give so many extravagant tastings, lunches and dinners. The same commercial phenomenon that saw the Bordelais spend so much of their time in China a few years ago courting this new market. Now of course um having actually lost rather than gained money on the expensive vintages they were persuaded to invest in, the Chinese have seen through the en primeur circus uh which is what it is and I'm off to take part in it on Friday. And I know it says well, why on earth are you doing it yet again? Cuz I'm curious. Um so we'll be shown hundreds if not thousands of us will be shown little cask samples of the latest vintage. How do we know what relation they bear to the final blend? I don't know. And anyway, nowadays there's no great scramble to buy early from the cask because prices have been softening. Bordeaux's had three, possibly four, lackluster vintages in a row since the great but overpriced '09 and '10. But this didn't stop the Chateau owners from asking ridiculous prices for them. So now that the Bordeaux merchants and the um have cellar who buy wine from the Chateau owners and there's some overlap between them, have cellars full of unsold wine. And younger wine drinkers around the world today, there are many of them who actually don't really know Bordeaux because you don't see Bordeaux on the wine list of all that many places where these young people are going. Le Gavroche's wine list is a noble exception which has many fine Bordeaux cru on it. Um but I'm I'm worried and I'm not the only one about the future of Bordeaux because I I have a feeling they are losing their they've lost their appeal to a new and younger generation. But even this has done nothing to make the Bordelais take any notice of a letter sent to them by the 12 top buyers of Bordeaux among the UK merchants who were asking them to release this latest 2014 vintage at the same no more than the same than the 2008 prices. Because otherwise they think they just won't be able to sell it and attract customers. Um but um they've taken they're taking no notice. Um because sadly in Bordeaux pricing is all about being slightly more expensive than your neighbor rather than um actually attracting consumers. On the other hand, Burgundy pricing has been really quite judicious. They just they either keep their prices if that's expensive, it has to be expensive because as Hugh says, it is produced in tiny tiny quantities, far smaller than Petrus. Um particu- say a a Grand Cru might come from just two barrels. Whereas you know, the first growth Chateaus are full of hundreds and hundreds of barrels. Uh but they don't zoom up the prices and and the prices do have something to do with quality. Um the traditional UK wine merchants have been making so much less money selling Bordeaux recently that they've all been trying to develop new areas such as as Barolo. But it's almost impossible to find a new source of supply in Burgundy. You have to join the end of a very long queue and that's another attraction to me, the constancy of trading arrangements. Burgundians sell to the people they've always sold to and it often goes from one generation to another uh rather than just passing it on along a sort of very ramified chain to the merchant who then sells to the the importer and in between the two there's a courtier, a broker, who has this wonderful job of ringing up the Chateau owner and say, "What are you thinking of charging?" Then ringing up the merchant and say, "He's thinking of charging this. What do you think?" and communicating between the two. It's very very indirect society, Bordeaux. So um in conclusion, you'll be glad. How much longer have I got, Michelle? You have got 3 minutes if you want them. Great. Oh, I do. Um so today with the great um advantage of being responsible for the Oxford Companion to Wine and getting in all the feedback for the World Atlas of Wine, there is one message coming from all our correspondents around the world which is that they are seeking fresher, lighter wines that express vineyard rather than winemaking. And guess where can deliver that so easily. Great red Burgundy is above all transparent. As you can see in your glasses, it's not as deeply colored and it's it is fresh, it's beautifully perfumed. It does we're not judging that the the vote as Michelle said is not on these two particular wines, but I hope is on our arguments. Um but you can see how beautifully perfumed red Burgundy can be. I would argue that it's easier to pair with food than red Bordeaux. Thanks perhaps to its slightly softer tannins. Um I love the way that wine dominates that the wine tone town of Beaune, but it's basically the countryside that's so beautiful. The the villages, the worn stone on on the slope, the the um the vineyards, so much more interesting landscape than the flatlands of the Medoc. I would submit. I will spare you the the grimness of a 2007 blind Bordeaux blind tasting I did the uh the week before last. Um I could go into detail, but it was deeply disappointing and the average the price of the boring wines in the middle was £50 a bottle and it just didn't seem right. They just weren't earning that price. It was more that complacency was ruling. It's very funny that um now well, I'll I'll leave that out. I'll yeah. You're running out of time now. No, I'm running out of tact. Um Yes. But I will finally address one of the very few criticisms that's leveled at Burgundy which is unpredictability. Um the unreliability of producers is no longer true. It was, but the dodgy negociants are by and large a thing of the past and the better producers actually manage to produce really good wine year in, year out that is absolutely gorgeous. So thank goodness for both Burgundy and Bordeaux. I'd hate a world without them. And if I've got any time left, all I'll do is just say these romantic names. Romanée Conti, Puligny-Montrachet, Nuits-Saint-Georges sounds good enough to me. There's just so much romance in Burgundy. I hope you agree. Thank Thank you. bravo bravo to both of you and and hopefully now the gloves are off. Um I I need to just announce the the result of the pre-vote. Um so, before the debate, we have 45% for Burgundy, 35% for Bordeaux, and 20% don't know. Why don't you know? I don't get that. I really don't. I'm sorry. I don't understand it. And another thing I will say is if if a chef cooks for me, and he's got dirty fingernails, I wouldn't eat his food. Now, is that the same for the wine? Oh. Well, he's not he's he's not stirring it. Ah. Well, technically maybe maybe not. But but yes, I mean I I think you make some you make some great points, both of you. But it But it's going pretty low when you when you're saying you know, choose your wine that that your wine, Burgundy or Bordeaux, because they've got the lovely hills. Or because one of them was Yes, but you want to go there and enjoy it, the landscape. Yes, but I'm I'm not I'm not drinking the landscape. And the other one was a boggy marsh until the Dutch came in. When did the Dutch have anything to do with drinking wine? They drink schnapps, do they not? I don't know. I don't know. But you make some very valid points, and I must say price for me is one, and I'm sure for you as well. Price issues. And I think both regions have price issues. Um I mean, you're championing the fact that you can still buy yeah, you can find you can't with that with difficulty you can find nice inexpensive Burgundy. But they don't they're not rapacious in the way and that there are and there are fewer layers in the in the sales link, so you're not paying extra for the courtier making the telephone calls. I'd got over this problem by talking about Napa Cabernet. You really want to see where people are rapacious, it's in these wineries trying to make their names in the New World, and just thinking that by piling on the price, they will gain respect. Well, the Bordeaux have not been backward in putting piling on the prices there. Well, they have this worldwide market. They're actually they're getting the price. China was a a silly mistake on their part. How they can have been to China and eaten in Chinese restaurants and thought that their culture switch suddenly, and the dishes would stop coming around on a dumbwaiter, and they'd have a proper orderly meal and have the fish before the meat, so that you could have the white before the red. It's not going to happen. But but surely see when it comes to prices well, there's a there's an issue of quantity. I mean, some of the finer Burgundies that there's just not enough to go around. And as a restaurateur, I find myself begging for my single bottle of Domaine de la Romanée-Conti, and I have to beg and get on all knees and and please I want my my allocation. got it got them all first. Well, he did, didn't he? Yes, and then he hiked the price up and yes, but let's not go there. But but I surely in Bordeaux you can buy some good middle-of-the-road wines at a very reasonable price, and they can offer equal pleasure. Well, I checked on this because I'm unaware of these cheap wines over here. Now, let's take from not the cheapest wine merchants in the country, Berry Brothers good ordinary claret, which is good. Okay, it may well not be ordinary, but it's £9 a bottle. Uh and you know, it that it seems to me a fair price for a jolly good bottle of wine. And of course, lots of people sell it cheaper than that. I think and I've said rather boringly for a long time that some of the best value in the wine world at the moment are the petit châteauxs from the two great vintages, '09 and '10 in Bordeaux. They're stonking value. But when you come to a one of the less good vintages, where the grapes didn't get properly ripe and the poor old um proprietors who are having to whose costs are not that different from the costs of a first growth, and yet they're only getting, you know, €5 for a bottle rather than 500. Isn't Burgundy lucky not to have poor vintages? Well, I told you the gloves were off. you say that, but you see, 2013, the growing season was appalling, and and we all went to taste them thinking, "Ooh, this is isn't going to be much fun." They're they're really really good. Right, on that note, I I think we should take a few questions from the audience. Now now you've had a sip, you've you've obviously been been waiting. So, hands up, and we've got some some mics going around, so they can they can uh point you there. So, can we have a first hands up? Oh, there's there's a gentleman there. I'll take I'll take them two or three questions at a time. Uh I would like to contribute to the debate as follows. In the 19th century, in the great Larousse, the distinction between Bordeaux and Burgundy was the following one. A Burgundy was to Bordeaux what a mistress is to a wife. It's typically French, of course. That's very French, isn't it? You're not expecting me to comment on that. No comment, let's move on. Another question, please. My word, you're a shy lot. No, no, no. And oh yeah, there's one at the front and there's one at the back if yeah. Yeah, start with the gentleman at the back there. That's it. So, today's the discussion has focused on the great red grapes, but I wonder if we talked for a minute on the white grapes of the two regions, whether your arguments would be emboldened or diminished. Of course, well, I I think that's that's for another day, isn't it, really? But it's a very lovely question. Depending We'll see whether we run out of time. I mean, that would be a good thing to revisit, wouldn't it? be something to revisit, but I mean, I've already said my piece about sweet wines and and Yquem for me, well, you know, do they have the equivalent in uh No. No. Okay, let's move on then. Isn't isn't the proof of Bordeaux's inferiority that the French were prepared to let the English have it? Where did that come from? to that. How did the English acquire it? Was cuz the the the daughter of the Duke of Aquitaine, the famous Eleanor, married the King of France, and 15 years later she kicked him out of bed and took Henry the II of England to bed. So, actually it wasn't carelessness on the part of the French, it was their choice. Ooh, touché. We have a question here. Yeah. Thank you so much to all three of you for coming and speaking. It's been very insightful. Which auction house do you think is the best auction house to buy wines from? Ooh. that's a tough one to answer. Should we answer that one or should we move on swiftly? It's not how I buy my wine. Be provocative, come on. I don't buy wine at auction, I'm afraid. I Do you buy wines at auction? No, I said that's not how I buy wine. No, I don't buy wines, so I don't know. These two don't buy wines at auction. But I occasionally, as a restaurateur, buy wines at auction. Um and um it it it's it's not easy, and and it's not for it's not for everybody. You've got to make sure that you know what you're doing, and that the you've got to be sure that you're buying what is actually on the label. Uh and that's that's very very important, especially nowadays. But that I think is another subject, and I don't think it really influences the debate tonight. Quite right. So, lady here. Um hello. I am a Burgundy drinker. Absolutely. Absolutely. But and I drink Burgundy with everything. But I was interested with fish, with meat, with eggs. So, I was interested that Mr. Johnston, when talking about having his dinner, what he said, "And you start with your fish, and you have your white wine." So, does this mean that Bordeaux is that limited that you can only drink it with certain foods? Well, we do make white I mean, they make white wine, very very good white wine in Bordeaux. That's not a limitation, but I think me me me Michelle's the expert, yeah. Mhm. Yes, thank you Hugh. Yeah, I mean, yeah, but but the debate between white wine and and red wine of the of the two regions is is maybe for another day because we are tasting reds, and I think we're talking about predominantly red wines. However, I do disagree slightly with you because as Hugh said, there are some absolutely amazing white uh Bordeauxs that are very food friendly as well. Um and I think what you're intimating is the fact that um a Burgundy is probably more food friendly, and can go with fish, can go with eggs, can go with etc. etc. and so on so and so forth. However, a a really old Bordeaux, one that has had time to mature and has lightened up, and still has a little balance of fruit and acidity, will also match a really good meaty fish. And I have done so in fact uh in previous food and wine dinners. Lobster as well. Lobster and Matelote de Homard with a little bit of red wine in the sauce. You cannot get better with a Well, maybe you can. I don't know. But I I don't want to influence you. It's not my job. I'm chair. But but It it is it is one of those one of those things that can work very well. But isn't it wonderful that we're actually debating this? Now, more questions. Maybe on the on the right here with I'm conscious I've missed you out. So what Oh, hello. Um neither of you have spoken about the sensual experience of the of the wines that you're talking about. As far as I'm concerned, anyway. Well, I kind of touched on it at the very beginning. Well, I had a go at describing my um sensory um but obviously it didn't come across. But that is the difficulty. Yes, I mean it it it it's pleasure after all. Yeah. I mean that's that's basically what you're saying, isn't it? I mean it it is the pleasure of drinking and how much pleasure you get out of Bordeaux or Burgundy. I'm guessing that's what you're intimating. Um yes, but perhaps I could chip in. I think I think a lot of the sensual pleasure of wine is in its uh aroma or developing into something more complex. And actually that touches on perhaps a quite a significant difference between the two. That in general uh Burgundy is more perfumed in youth than Bordeaux. And Bordeaux can be a little bit low-key and and you're getting a lot more tannin and and you're tasting potential rather than reality. But I would be the first to admit that a great old Bordeaux reaches parts others don't. It's it's it's it's a miracle sometimes that it lasts so long. But sadly, we are living in an age where very few people can uh afford or physically have space to age wine. And so there is there's a certain uh convenience in a way, if one can use such a a debased word in um in red Burgundy, which can deliver sensual pleasure earlier. But there is there are two two schools as well basically which are being demonstrated the two glasses you have. And and it's a very clear-cut difference. Bordeaux has grip. Burgundy has whatever it has is not grip. The the Another four-letter word, eh? So you you've got a you've got a ready ready-made demo here and you've got a choice. Which of these two glasses gave you more pleasure? And that is what we will find out, I trust, later on. but as Michel said, it's not the contest isn't strictly is our evidence. The Yeah. Um yours cost a lot more than mine, but no. There's a gentleman over there. Hi. Hello. Yeah, the course these things are not mutually exclusive. You get both both I like both Bordeaux. I play cricket against Bordeaux Cricket Club in the grounds of Chateau Giscours, which is fantastic, particularly when it's raining. But we go to every Hospice de Beaune weekend in November. But for me, if you're looking at taste, the delicacies of of a fine Burgundy like a Latricières-Chambertin or a Clos de Vougeot, which you can get for about 80 euros a bottle, but say 2009 or something like that. These are fantastic tastes which really are not met by only anything other than the very best Bordeauxs and they're much more approachable younger. So for me, Burgundy wins it purely on the delicacy of the taste of really good Pinot Noir. That's a statement and not a question. Well well, okay. Right, let's have some more questions, please. Up there, yes. I'll take a few from up up there cuz I'm Yeah, I've really enjoyed tonight. Thank you so much. I'd like to open this up a little bit and talk about other regions which share superficial similarities. So I'm interested if you were to have a debate about Australian Cabernet Sauvignon versus New Zealand Pinot Noir, would you be talking about similar characteristics or is the New World producing wines that are profoundly different? Well, neither of us I see really went for the varietal question. I mean, I admitted the Bordeaux is a mongrel because it's got lots of varieties in it. Um but when you This is the old world new world question, really. And are we looking for the same qualities if we are buying a Coonawarra Cabernet or if we're buying a Medoc? thank goodness, no. I mean, thank goodness that we actually have this huge range of of choice. Um and I want Australian wine to quite to bear the marks of Australia. Absolutely, I do. And and there are things that only the Australian wonderful flavors that only Australia produces. Um Uh I don't want them to taste the same. Actually, just in parentheses Bordeaux and Burgundy used to taste very nearly uh the same because most of the liquid in the bottles came from the Rhone Mhm. Mhm. or or or indeed Algeria. Mhm. The idea that we have this sort of pure authenticity is bottled by the man with the dirty fingernails who made it uh is a very new invention. The first person to Chateau bottled wine was Well, admittedly 90 years ago, it was Philippe de Rothschild at at Mouton. Uh but the idea of bottling by the producer is absolutely brand new in Burgundy. It used to be very much stirred up in a big vat by the famous Negociant houses of Beaune and elsewhere. Um and and Rhone wine was a large part of it. And actually, I must just recall that 1972 was the year when this was outlawed by the European Union. Excuse me. And um Jero d'Aver is a Bristol who always satisfied their customers with marvelous had to stop putting labels that suggested that this wine was a Montrachet. It was called Baron de Montfort or something. which in fact was the brew that they found their customers over many years appreciated and loved. So there's a We are in a very different world from the one of 40 years ago. But it was still well into the late '70s, if not early '80s, you could find Avery's bottles with one label stuck on top of another. Let's let's have a few more. This Yeah, up there at the top. Hi, yes, thank you very much. It's been very informative. Uh but what With respect to Please comment on this. With Burgundy, is it the uniqueness of Burgundy and the Pinot Noir and the terroir that makes it special? Because if you look at Bordeaux and old world, Bordeaux is created or the the blend is created in Spain and in Italy with beautiful wines, Vega Sicilia or Unico, that match a Lafite or a Mouton or a uh Latour. So is it because Pinot sucks everywhere else on the planet? No. No. No. No. I think that the lady up there would disagree with you. I think she's got a ton dress for for Kiwi Pinot, personally. Um and and I am amazed because when I started well, even even 20 years ago, I think we all said, "Ah, nowhere in the world will produce decent Pinot apart from Burgundy. They're all trying, but but actually I I I'm just back from something called the World of Pinot Noir. An um an event in Santa Barbara tasting um and that's just one of of many chances that that we have to taste Pinot Noirs from Chile from um Oregon from the cooler bits of Australia, certainly from New Zealand. And the quality of them is zooming up. So they they haven't got anywhere near the sort of crunchy, funky terroir-ness. That's a word we haven't used tonight, isn't it? We haven't used the word terroir, which is quite To everybody's relief, I think. I take issue with you on that one very technical point of where the Pinot Noir is crunchy because uh we were more or less the same time as you in California the other day and then we have a wonderful life. I we tasted a Pinot Noir in actually in the Napa Valley that sent me driving 200 miles north into North Sonoma to see to see where it was made. It was It was absolutely magical and you know, I could have confused it with very very good Burgundies. Yeah? Absolutely. No, that's this is what I'm saying. That that the Burgundians no longer have a monopoly on fine Pinot Noir, I don't believe. There we go. And nor can they make Down down at the front we've got a Yeah, that's it. Hi, hello. Um when we speak about the two regions, especially about Burgundy, you mentioned vineyards and vine growers. But when Bordeaux was one of the first regions to truly go into the winemaking and enology it makes wine much better than it used to be and it was copied in any other region in the world. In that case, where stand Bordeaux in front of Burgundy in terms of winemaking and actually blending and everything that make wine so much better with the Well, the University of Bordeaux has been a great leader for the world in how you make good wine. There's no doubt. Professor Peynaud, Bordeaux University set completely new standards in how to choose the moment to pick the grapes. And I mean, I won't go on on into the technical side of it. But Bordeaux has absolutely is absolutely is not just a fuddy-duddy old place that's been making wine making wine for a very long time. It is actually the has the cutting edge university where people from all over the world go to study. Yes. And are you from Bordeaux? Because I did find I do find a phenomenon which is yes, of course, quality in Bordeaux has increased admirably and excitingly and particularly technically. And as Hugh says, they they're past masters in studying the exact effects of different little tinkerings with, you know, toast of the barrels and length of time and fermentation temperatures and things. Um but I I it quite a long time ago I remember the deputation over from Bordeaux to to present to us wine writers the fact that Bordeaux now, this must have been about uh the late '80s or early '90s, Bordeaux now was so much better than it used to be. This was true. But so was so were the wines of everywhere else. You know, everywhere has been increasing so rapidly. And wonderfully for us consumers, you as a wine producer, you only stay in the game if you make better wine every year. Which thank goodness um pretty much everybody is. But I don't think that again the Bordeaux lay have a monopoly on it. Very much so. Up there up at the very very top. I don't I just wanted to ask you both um over the last say 10 years, I know it may be a little bit taxing this time of night, what's the highest score you've given to the best Bordeaux and what's the highest score you've given to the best Burgundy you've tasted? That's an easy question for Hugh. I never give a score to anything I'm afraid. I Oh well, what's the best you've tasted then? What's the best wine I've tasted? Of Bordeaux and Burgundy. The scoring system doesn't work for me. I think I am innumerate. I just can't can't handle numbers when I'm thinking When when I'm thinking about tastes and pleasures, I can't handle handle numbers as well or at any other time. So, I don't do scoring. I do have a very very rough and ready thing which I do when I'm tasting a whole lot of wines for the first time. I put my My scoring system is a tick, a cross or a question mark. Jancis? Well, I see scores as a sort of necessary evil. And when I started my website, I the en primeur market was hot and people really wanted a quick guide to what they should buy long in advance of them getting a a chance of ever tasting it. So, I but I don't really I've never really um worked on the 100-point scale. So, I I work on the 20-point scale. I've just flicking through here to see if it's got any clues from lovely wine dinners where I might have The little black book. This is the book to have. But forget any guide books. This is the No, well, it's actually on the website I should look. Ah, there we go. Found it. I'm sure I've have given some some 20s to probably to they would probably have been to really pretty old red Bordeaux. Um Good question. Yes. Um yes yes yes yes. but I'm sorry. I can't Too many wines. Oh, two two many good things. Uh thank you very much. I wanted to apologize first because I'm not going to advance the debate at all. Um I'm going out to Bordeaux for my first en primeur tastings in a week or so and I wanted to ask if you had any advice. Don't expect to enjoy it. That's a common statement. Yes. Yeah, I think that's a good one. Don't try. very very difficult to drink wines en primeur. I mean, you can't drink them anyway. You can't drink No. No, it's sort of think. Um I suppose the only thing I'd say is try to get your impression of the vintage on the first day because from then onwards really what you're tasting is the relative differences between I can't I don't know where you are I'm afraid. So, I'm sorry. I'm up in the nosebleeds. All right. Hi. after that what what you're capable of noticing is whether Chateau X is better than Chateau Y. But it's really only the first day that you're sort of sensitive enough to see what the vintage is actually like compared to a a typical year. I think that's really all. And I hope someone else is driving. Yeah. Not easy. We we've got time for another two or three. So, down at the front. Hello. Thank you for a very enjoyable evening. I'm quite a collaborative chap. And I wonder if each of you could suggest one thing that your region could learn from the other. Ah. Or do you perhaps think you should each stick to your knitting? Isn't that a very interesting question? Wonderful question. I I can Well, actually I've got a sort of answer to that in a way. Which is um What would could you make Burgundy in Bordeaux or vice versa? I mean Because that would be fascinating. The The French authorities would put you in jail, but you could plant You could plant Pinot Noir in in the Medoc or on the right on the right bank. And you could probably you could certainly ripen Merlot. Cabernet Franc, you might be able to squeeze Cabernet Sauvignon somewhere in Burgundy. How good could the results be? I mean, that would be a fascinating experiment. Yeah. Yeah, that would be that's that's a good question. But but it would never It's not going to happen. No way. Knowing the French as I do, it's never going to happen. Now, I do believe that the the ushers are going to come around with their ballot boxes. So, now is the time to get voting and make that decision. As I said, you tear off and you put in your choice. If you still don't know, which is crazy, you put both in. just a little bit of a Good lord. You're You're an unruly mob, aren't you? That's it. Give you a glass of wine and you're gone. Away. Can we have just a little bit of silence before I get all chefy and start swearing at you? Quiet down a bit now. Shush shush shush shush shush. Shush. Behave. Right. Just two minutes they have. No more than that to sum up and to to just give you give their all. Hugh, do you want to go first? Two minutes. No, we did first last time. You went first last time. Jancis, over to you. Two minutes to sum up. Um Quiet, please. Jolly difficult cuz we've ranged far and wide, haven't we? Um summing up You've got to be Well, it sounded as though it helped to be British to like whereas perhaps Burgundy has a more direct appeal to the senses. So, it doesn't matter what nationality you are. You probably you I would certainly absolutely concede that it's easier to find a bargain in Bordeaux than Um but you have got to choose your vintages very carefully. And with Burgundy, it really does help to get to know the names of the producers which is the key. The the best producers even the the the the most basic Bourgogne Rouge from a good producer will deliver enormous pleasure. And I wish you lots of it. I think that's as best as I can do. You? Well, we'll we'll discover who's in the room. Because if we have a room full of geeks Burgundy will win. So underhand. If we have a room full of true bit true drinkers then it'll go Bordeaux's way. I can't see you well enough to judge you from here. That's it. Well, that's absolutely succinct and to the point. Now, there's still tickets coming around. So, please do put your vote in. It's very very important. I mean, it's not a you know, it's it's not the not the elections coming up in 50 50 days. It's not going to sway either way and I don't think that uh Monsieur Farage is in the house. So, There's there's no beer no pints of beer. We're not debating beer against Something far more serious. Far far more serious than that. I I think I do have if you I do have a an answer to the last question. please. Yes. the one about which can can can each What could each region teach the other? And it does there's a slight nod to the white wine faction here. Um I'd say that that the white wine makers of Burgundy could learn a bit from the white wine makers of Bordeaux about how to avoid premature oxidation. But they have they are doing so. They it's well underway. That's a very valid point. Yes, yes, that's a very valid point. The amount of bottles I've opened over the past couple of years that have been completely oxidized. I mean, it's a a very valid point. And I have I have a British But not a Bordeaux. But definitely not a Bordeaux. But I I have a British palate and I do like the older white Burgundies. I don't mind a hint of madurization, a hint of oxidization. it's But when it's flat and gone, I mean, it's it's such a a complete waste. votes are being collected, but we can throw it out to the audience and and I have another couple of questions there if if anybody's still got a question. I can see a hand up there, the gentleman there in blue. Over on the right. Yeah. Well, there's there's one here at the front as well. We still got the mics? We don't have the Oh, here we go. Gentleman here. Uh you you were both prepared to flip a coin and speak on the other side. If you had a three-sided coin, would either of you be prepared to advocate for the Rhône? Ah. Uh-huh. The Rhône? The Rhône. Rhône. No, no, but I'd go for the Rhône. Or the Mosel. Um I'd happily speak in favor of the northern Rhône. I would like those alcohol levels in Châteauneuf to just temper themselves a bit before speaking strongly in favor. There are some lovely southern Rhône wines and some great value. But um the top the most admired wines, put it that way, are are some of the most admired wines of Châteauneuf. Just getting, you know, when they're 16%, it's just a bit uncomfortable for me. Very uncomfortable. And and that's that's down to the weather, I think, as well. And then it's been extremely really mentioned climate change, have we? Yeah, yeah. That's true. And and for me, I'm a huge fan of the Rhône Valley. Uh huge fan. I think they're great with food. Very, very food friendly. Um one more question. There was a gentleman up there with his hand up. Or just behind there. There's there's the lady there. Tasting house one. I drink red 10 out of 10 times, but if you were drinking white, I'm curious to know what each of you would drink. Riesling. Yes, you're a huge fan, aren't you? Huge fan of Riesling. There's a very strong synergy, actually, between lovers of Riesling and lovers of Pinot Noir. There's a chap over here who's had his hand up a long time. Yeah, yeah. What white wine would you would you drink? And between Bordeaux and Burgundy? Was that the question or was it any old white wine? Any white wine. What would your be the first on the list? Well, I'm a great lover of the Riesling grape. And why they don't grow it in Bordeaux or Burgundy is a great mystery. Well, I'm going to going to throw a cat amongst the pigeons and say Condrieu for me. Condrieu? Condrieu. I love Condrieu. Complexity, the just throw out names of wines and we'll get some clap in some corner of the room. I'm sure we would. Condrieu for me, I mean, it doesn't even need food. You can just drink it whenever. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. So apparently somebody up here had a Um so in any sane world in which you're not intellectually bereft or emotionally stunted, Burgundy would be the hands-down winner of this debate. Is that a question? Why is it, please? Why is it that so much Burgundy is dilute and disappointing and overpriced? Who Who are you buying it from? That's a quantitative question. Uh well, I'm sad that you have a a such terrible experiences. But um well, maybe maybe um you need a a more of a guide. Maybe you need Maybe jancisrobinson.com. Hugh's pocket book. I mean, he's going to say no. But it is true, is it not, that Burgundy fell into the Are you offering me a subscription? That is a partial answer. Burgundy fell deeply into the into the hands of the robber barons of the of the merchants. And they made such a mess of it. And it went on and on. And the whole idea of the beautiful, pure, authentic, transparent wine that Jancis is talking about is a novelty. It's a rarity. And you have to struggle to find it. I couldn't agree more. It's the most sublime drink on earth, bar one. But it it is it's unfamiliar to most people. To most people, Burgundy is a bit of a stew. Well, it has got so much better. I mean, the robber barons era ended certainly in the '90s. And there there there are so few dodgy producers left in Burgundy. There are there are underperforming growers. I'll give you that. But the the era when stuff was just being trucked in from any old where and blended up is pretty much over. I'm very worried about you. You're not a doctor. There's somebody else behind you that had a question. Right. So now I have a question for uh Hugh Johnson and another one for Jancis. Um the first one for Hugh Johnson would be what would be your most sensational amazing experience that you would have with a Burgundy? And to Jancis, that would be what would be your most exciting experience that you had with a Bordeaux? That we have actually had. You mean? Or not not imagined for the future. Yes, that you that you had. Oh. No invention, no invention. Hugh? Well, God, this is a question I dread because although my long-term memory is supposed to be improving, my my short-term memory has had it. Um I don't know quite where to look in my head for the answer. Do you know what? And this perhaps um it doesn't answer the question of of where to find good value Burgundy at all. But one of the most exciting Burgundy experiences I have is tasting in the cellars of Domaine Leroy, whose wines are just got so much energy and excitement. She's, you know, she was an early adopter of biodynamics and so forth. And she's utterly uncompromising and very difficult. Um but the God, what there is in those in that cellar is spoiled over the rest of Burgundy. and I also remember when Bouchard Père et Fils was sort of bought by Joseph Henriot of uh Veuve Clicquot. There was a lot of old wine in the cellar. And um I remember a a great dinner there picking away at some of those those plums. Cuz really old Burgundy in good condition is is very rare. And and uh there was a chance to enjoy some there. And they went back to the 19th century, too. Yeah. Yeah. Could be that old. Well, we're still waiting for the results, so we've got time for another question or two. Uh lady in the front. Tasting at Domaine Leroy Romanee-Conti isn't too bad, either. No, no. That's what I was just thinking As a as a casual wine tourist, which neither one of you are, which region is easier to visit? As a wine tourist, that's a Yeah, go on. Burgundy. Burgundy? Mm. Certainly. Certainly. Bordeaux is only slowly opening the doors of its chateaus to let in the odd tourist. I have to Has everyone voted cuz I can tell my story. Everyone has voted. Everyone has voted. I mean, but Bordeaux can be very grim to visit. And you know, There is a tradition of the chateau owner and his blazer. You There's a story about In Is it Strabo who wrote about the the Roman author wrote about Bordeaux? Yes. Well, he's supposed to have spotted a negotiator Britannicus on the quayside of Bordeaux. He knew him by his blazer. I would I would say I mean, if you're a new to the to to wine tourism, uh head for Provence. Head for Provence, Languedoc. Along the coast, Bandol. They are extremely friendly. They they they embrace wine tourism. Uh and there are many degustations you can have there. And and and some jolly good wines as well. Some very good food. So so head for that region and I tell you you will have a wonderful time. A truly wonderful time. Better swimming than Burgundy. And great swimming, yes. You can jump into the Mediterranean and have a whale of a time. Right. Now, I have to remind you of the uh the previous vote, as I said, was 45% in the favor of Burgundy, 35% favor of Bordeaux, and 20 don't know. Fools. And the I hope there's not as many don't knows. And the vote for tonight What? Oh, no, sorry. I was I was reading THE TOP LINE. I THOUGHT I READ THE TOP LINE. I THOUGHT THERE'S NO CHANGE. The vote after tonight 55% in the favor of Burgundy, 44% in the favor of It's very flat now. Bordeaux. So that's that's close. And only 1% of don't knows, thankfully. Thankfully. So there's a swing on the chateau. that's very good. Well done. Plus 1% swing. Now I don't know about you, but I have had an absolutely amazing time and I wish it could go on forever. It's been wonderful. So thank you for coming tonight. Thank you for your your participation as well and it's been absolutely wonderful. Thank you. Bravo, Nigel. Brilliant. Well done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pasha2times [5 likes]: I love to see how they skip questions 45:00 😄😄😄
  2. @winskypinsky [3 likes]: Jancis commented on the beauty of the rolling hills of Burgundy and said that makes a difference. The silly man in the middle laughed it off that the flat land or the hills of the regions don’t make a difference. Well, they do, they make all the difference.
  3. @humanonearth1 [2 likes]: It's funny in a satirical way and insufferably snobby. But I get it's part of the industry. I did enjoy it I think. I guess my feelings are that most of these people are so far removed from the process and art of wine-making that it's sort of like listening to radio-hosts that spin up top 40 all day and asking them to speak about how Hendrix was important to rock and roll and blues. Like you might get a decent answer? But to use their vernacular, "don't count on it." Imo, you want to debate these questions, forget the "writers" and go to the wineries. There's a debate.
  4. @Soulvinum [2 likes]: Both of them are overrated  definitely. 
Some are good some are  horrible...
What about  portuguese  wines? Yes, the top portuguese  wines,not Port Wines...but Alentejo  or Dão  wines?
What about  Georgia  wines?
What about  Lebanon  wines?
What about  Chile  or Argentina  wines...???
What about new Zealand  or Australian  wines???
  5. @saa82vik [1 likes]: boring... they didn't prepare themselves, nor they discussed any technical or recent-historical aspects.
  6. @jacobfish8848: Literally didn't answer a single question
  7. @mauromatos3124: Very diverse audience 😂😂
  8. @holyfox94: Janice was right. Nowadays Burgundy are the most expensive wines on earth on the secondary market. There’s not one domaine who sold their house to china.
Whilst bordeaux sold their houses& souls.
  9. @mcrayfourd: napa spanked french wines in 1976 and 2006 complete snobs
  10. @Ruirspirul: both are extremely overrated and one is insanely overpriced. both are amazing regions though. also fascinating how Britain has the loudest voice when it comes to wine and absolutely no wine culture of their own😅
  11. @Tenorsaurus: I enjoy the circular debate regarding both regions improving, getting better all the time while at the same time saying that new world wines are somehow catching up... There are no BAD vintages in Australian wine making so even the basic stuff is good and the excellent stuff is up there with the best. Save your money and just buy Aussie wine :p
  12. @stephenhall151: It's like everything else in life it's what you like.
  13. @eymerichinquisitore9022: An Englishman who criticizes American food makes you laugh more than food itself.  How is your food instead? 😂
  14. @JackKnight762: bunch of ponces
  15. @jamineli: Id have joined the debate team back in highschool if i knew then what i know now.
  16. @presidentstaatshoofd473: Bravo, even more stupid than Topgear.
  17. @kengillman5805: And if you have to know that it proves much of it is poor
  18. @kengillman5805: ‘Who are you buying it from “ how on earth can one know who best to buy from?
  19. @kengillman5805: Taint and oxidation, elephant in the room, no mention of screwcap
  20. @Simon-nv5zj: this should never be on intelligence squared

- Finest Burgundy Wines | Your Guide to Top Pinot Noirs | Vosne-Romanée, Pommard, Gevrey-Chambertin...: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guru and welcome to a new Aarti oneexchange video this is part 4 of a six-part video series where we look at everything that you need to know about the wines from Burgundy after looking at the top shadownet's the best white wines from Burgundy last week the Chablis the Mercer's etc let's focus today on the best red wines made in the birthplace and homeland of Pinot Noir it's actually often not very well explained let alone very well understood how a wine from Palma is different from majority investor or shamble Moosonee or volume and of course in Burgundy there's always going to be some variations in style depending on the producer the exacta WA which conclude your plumbing who you're looking at and within even the same village yet there are some general stylistic differences that we can highlight and that are worth having in mind about how those wines are different when you go and pick up a bottle of wine worth learning was having a close look into it so let's have a look into this precisely in a previous episode we talked about the different levels in burgundy wine classification so we leave aside the regional Appalachians for burgundy Pinot Noir here like vamonos bogan Pinot Noir the odd cote du bois and the odd code only to focus on the more high-end and more tell are driven upper levels from village chemical and concrete we're also focusing here on wines from the real heart of the finest Burgundy wines in the corridor area this is so if you go to the south of this area south of the beautiful city of bone here lies what is called the cut the bone home of some of the finest whites in Burgundy as we talked about last week like Bellini and Moreau but there are also here some really fascinating villages often they are a little more affordable than the ones from upper north that we'll talk about in a minute starting probably with the most famous of them all Puma Puma makes the most powerful style of Pinot Noir in Burgundy pretty straightforward easy to remember souls are rather heavy and clay here with a lot of iron resulting in wines that are strong yet characterful perhaps a little more edgy and granulars in the tennis structure than in other parts that we talked about you must know the real powerful personality and the distinctive style of Puma now the other village Appalachians in this area are a bit lighter in style bone and Savini laybourne they are in a lighter style more relaxed more food driven possibly a little lighter but that makes them also more affordable easier to approach especially at a younger age also the probably clothes in particular from born in Savini there is no Gong crew in those two villages they are the publishers are very serious and good Pinot Noir so don't overlook them now the village of shafts and marche that we talked about last week that is mostly now famous for its white wines it used to be more famous for its red because it makes also very reputable rate on its every year source it features really firm and tannic style the best examples in shashank coming from the public house that are called more oh dude riad inclu Sanjar moving north of the cut the bone is what is called the cotton we the real heart of the best Pinot Noirs in Burgundy now in the centre of this part live one or money and tumble mutiny that we'll cover in a minute that are often considered the finest Reds in Burgundy the ones with the most finish in elegance now on both sides of this core of finesse to the north and to the south are two illustrious villages that make slightly more robust denser style of Pinot Noir less about the finesse more about the body and the texture those are first to the south nice and George there is no conclude in unison George but no less than 41 different chemicals all fascinating to explore of course experts will distinguish the richer style in the south of the village around level Carla Chi and listen draw from igloo vineyards from the northern side of the village that is adjacent to one Romani Ron Lee Miller a leader mode and Lee budeau that have more of the legendary bone Romani penis perhaps one level up in this world of Witcher burgundy Pinos is to the north of the cod only in that's revelation BAFTA with scant which counts with no less than nine gong clues led by the gong crew the appellation is named after which is called Luke Roberta of course simply one of the most complete of all concrete wines and possibly one of the richest and densest another notable gongfu here is Sean Burton glue the day's this is a flow maybe not quite as intense as Lucian Burton but almost while magician better and Latricia Sean Burton two other gun crews are considered the next-best plenty of fabulous premier cru vineyards here to choose from as well two in particular are often cited as being of concrete quality or almost which are the clothes and Jacque and Lee Kazuki if you are more personally after finesse of delivery than power in your Pinot Noir and many burgundy wine lovers unsurprisingly understandably are these two villages are where you'll find the finest elegance the refinement in the legendary floral characters of Pinot Noir that we know you of course can't rank between shamble and von Romani but Vaughn quite possibly gets the most press within this refined style of Pinot Noir Trumbull mutiny is the most elegant so virtually the most elegant high-end Pinot Noirs in Burgundy as the sole here has more stroke and less clay making for more area wines making for more tension and a little less density than involving Romani and that's of course particularly true for the two conquers of Chambord that are Bernama and Lou music incredible intensity yet with a rare velvety texture and character the missiny made by cult producer domain Laura is I think the second most expensive wine in the world full stop and that's quite telling some of the best premier convenience of Shambala include Liam Liam was sincerely free and Alicia booed then of course the iconic village of Burgundy pinot noir is Vaughn Romani what can I say probably the most complete balance between complexity intensity yet the finesse it's got it all here is where potentially lies the most extraordinary completeness and concentration you can get out of a pinot noir and some of the most sought after a rare wines in the world as a consequence bone would probably require in an entire video and i guess all those villages now that i think about it probably would but let's say that there are six conclude vineyards here in Bonn Romani lawmen a lotta rich boho woman s of Yvonne Logano and of course all money kanji all are very small very exclusive very rare very few producers make very few bottles of each in fact three of these gongs like on Lula Tash in romanée-conti on monopoles meaning that the whole concrete vineyard is owned by one single producer and for two of these three monopoles belongs to domain de la romanée-conti the wine made from romanée-conti vineyard by DRC domaine de la romanée-conti is generally referenced as the most expensive one in the world and of course Vaughn also counts with plethora of outstanding premier crews many of which lie a few yards away from this top in lustrous Broncos names like pro Darrell Marco Solis Shaw copper onto Lieberman and Li Shu finally we must talk about the largest world vineyard in Burgundy of conquer level the famous clothed Dvorak I do happen to have a bottle of here counting with 50 hectares of vineyard in total which is pretty big in Burgundy believe me so that's nearly 125 acres the flow is famously more heterogeneous than any other GaN crew in Burgundy with more than 80 different producers making it I think there's more than 100 different vineyard plots there with six different soil types quality can vary between producers of course but also geography within the Clos the top of the Clos area being where lie the vineyards reaching a more concrete level comparable with other gran crews in other villages the risk let's say is not always considered better than some of the fine premier crews elsewhere yet the wines by the top producers in the Clos cannot be overlooked by any stretch of the imagination and reach incredible quality like those of domain control Isabella a low low wash her knee on gel and domain puree off just to name a few now the style of the clothes your wines is more on the dance style concentrated when young and rather robust more than purely elegant although the best producers of all the best sites will of course make the finest wines this was our quick roundup of the different styles of Pinot Noirs made in the different villages of Burgundy in their subtle yet significant variations next week we'll talk a little more specifically about the Conklin vineyards as a whole and going into the differences we'll really focus on an overview of the very top the creme de la creme wines so make sure to stay tuned to the channel for this you can catch up on previous episodes of our fine and rare wine burgundy wine series by watching the videos that will appear somewhere around here or here thanks for watching and I will see you soon in a wonderful world a fine and rare wine you

  Top Comments:
  1. @benlawrence8867 [8 likes]: Love the video, I find most other wine channels don't get as in depth and I appreciate the effortless way you explain and talk about wine.
  2. @Yuuphonixx [6 likes]: 1985 Vintage of Romanée Conti, La Tache, and Grands Échézeaux are amongst the most expensive bottles in the world. Some of those vintages can be found in Florence, Italy at Enoteca Pinchiorri.

I have yet to experience the three mentioned, but I have tasted plenty of burgundy wines and I can definitely say that burgundy is amongst the best, if not, it is the best.
  3. @rickkan4870 [3 likes]: Thank you for this video, just pronunciation of the villages already drives me crazy
  4. @patriceauffret4240 [3 likes]: Antoine de Caunes brought me here!
  5. @victormanuelbisbee7449 [3 likes]: You can try a pinot noir from Chile , cheap and excellent
  6. @somm.roland [2 likes]: Can you do a video about decanting or not to decant Pinot noir. I am of the belief  that burgundy PN is too sensitive to decant, just to use a burgundy glass.  What is your view.
  7. @gordonwong9366 [2 likes]: I have learnt a lot. Merci.
  8. @christiaan81music [2 likes]: Very informative! Too
  9. @saleemashraf6250 [2 likes]: Beautiful Review. Hope to get much more from your side 🌹🙏
  10. @ribbitrocks [1 likes]: very good !! precise and informative - merci !
  11. @CH-tg6zq [1 likes]: Wow...I'm so happy that I discovered this channel!!! Thank you for putting out such great content. 👍
  12. @baumulrich [1 likes]: very good overview, simplifying a hughly complex topic. well done!
  13. @jasmeetrehan4536 [1 likes]: I just love your videos, they are my go to
  14. @yardsale365days [1 likes]: 6'06" Why the girl hold wine glass like that?
  15. @amosoliveira8246: Good video, Burgundy requires a lot of study or so it seems
  16. @GorskiNunavut: It's great shame, that less than 10 % of those who wach, klick like button.
This is your prime info on wine!
  17. @candychetty3342: I have high ldl cholesterol. Which pinot noir can i 😂drink thats not bitter
  18. @wallstreetguy: What language is this? I’m English and didn’t catch 80% of what he said. Loved the video, though. Vino!
  19. @John-Be-Good: Excellent video. Just the sort of content I was after. Would be good if there was a summary slide at the end as a lot to digest.
  20. @danielleandre8320: bonjour je suis intéressé a acheter du pinot noir en gros.
Avez  vous  des  informations  concernant  des vendeurs?  :)

- How to Tell the Difference Between Bordeaux and Burgundy Wines: Kind: captions Language: en finding wines we like is the quest we're on together a lot of people are confused and intimidated by french wines because they don't know what's in the bottle because of that frequently they don't even try french wines we're here to take the mystery out of two of the largest wine regions in the world and they're both in france this will actually be surprisingly simple we'll cover three things about both burgundy and bordeaux regions and their wines number one we'll look at burgundy number two a quick breakdown of bordeaux number three we'll look at white burgundies and bordeaux wines oh oh and and stick around for a quick tip at the end keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear click like subscribe and hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post also make sure that you share this with your friends i'd really appreciate it so like i said earlier burgundy and bordeaux are two french wine regions they make very different wine styles and the reason for this is different grapes varieties are planted in each region primarily because of climate burgundy is further north in france within a cool climate this means the grapes that ripen early do better in this climate like pinot noir meanwhile bordeaux is further south with a warm climate it's on the garonne estuary or river also the atlantic ocean moderates or has an influence on the climate grape varietals that thrive more in heat ripen late and need a longer growing season really do well in this climate i'll get to those grapes in a second okay number one burgundy and its wines now with the exception of an occasional renegade wine producer who breaks french tradition and requirements in burgundy if it's red it's a pinot noir well also i should mention gamay gamay is a grape that comes from beaujolais which is a sub-region of now while this is technically from burgundy on the bottle it will say beaujolais with beaujolais on the bottle you won't confuse gamay with pinot noir now actually you don't see a lot of gametes or beaujolais in the market so i won't even deal with it so if you like pinot noir then burgundy is for you by the way this is a burgundy bottle you see how the shoulders how they're low they are designed that way for a reason this is a bordeaux bottle you see how the shoulders are high they're also there for a reason now actually to get a better handle on what i mean by this you want to check out my video wine bottles the big three there you'll learn more about burgundy and bordeaux bottles and why they're designed the way they are that's actually pretty interesting stuff okay back to burgundy's pinot noirs they're thin skinned and lighter in color and content now when making a peanut noir wine the wine will be lighter in color because the color is extracted from the light skins now what i mean by content is there are flavonoids and tannins that give a wine its structure and flavor tannin is the component of wine that causes your mouth to feel dry or pucker so what you have with a pinot noir is something that is both light in color and low in tannins next to a bordeaux it looks more delicate do you see the difference you can also taste the difference pinot noirs are very flavorful but lighter and more delicate in your mouth now now as we get to number two bordeaux red bordeaux wines are made from a blend of five grapes not necessarily all at one time the three most prevalent are cabernet sauvignon merlot and cabernet franc the other two are petite verdeaux and malbec oh uh i had dinner the other night with some friends we had a petite verdot from their wine collection they didn't even know they had it and were absolutely crazy about it it would have just laid there for who knows how long they probably would have never tried it and the reason is because they didn't know what a petite verdo was somebody had given it to him and it just laid there sorry about that back to bordeaux grapes the cabernet sauvignon brings big tannins but the merlot and cap franc soften the cabernet sauvignon's tannins because they're lower in tannins if you like nice layered flavorful complex reds then bordeaux may be for you actually you can get cabernet sauvignon with merlot in it or you can get merlot with cabernet sauvignon in it i'll have a little bit more on that in the little tip of the end unlike the thin skins of pinot noir the bordeaux grapes are both darker in color and thicker skinned you'll find more color and flavor more tannins in the wines from bordeaux than the wines from burgundy if you're one of those people that pinot noirs are too delicate for you and cabernets are too big for you and overpowering then a bordeaux is an excellent option for you now number three white wines when people talk about burgundy and bordeaux wines they're usually talking about red wines however both regions produce absolutely wonderful dry white wines generally if it's white and comes out of burgundy it's a chardonnay typically they're clean and crisp with very little or no oak influence bordeaux produces beautiful white wines also like his red counterpart typically bordeaux whites are a blend of grapes most frequently it's a savion blanc blended with a simeone so for reds burgundy is pinot noir and bordeaux is a cab merlot blend for white burgundy is chardonnay bordeaux is a mouth-watering sauvignon blanc simeon blend folks it doesn't get much simpler than that oh and if you want a sweet dessert wine bordeaux's got that covered it's got a wine called so turns absolutely delicious well there you have it we just simplified burgundy and bordeaux wines hang in there for the quick tip of the end but first thank you so much for investing the time to watch this video if you've got something out of it let me know in the comments below and don't forget to like and subscribe or ring the little bell to be notified when i post other videos all right are you ready for the quick tip when i first got started trying to understand more about french wines i was a little confused with the whole red bordeaux thing like i mentioned earlier wines from the region are either mostly cabs with some merlot or mostly merlot with some cabernet sauvignon to help myself keep it all straight i came up with a little trick i hope you find it helpful so earlier i mentioned that bordeaux is on a river if you want more merlot because you like lower tannins and it goes better with more food you ask for a right bank bordeaux as time goes by you learn the names of the villages that produced these wines which include franzac castillo and palmeron saint emilion if on the other hand you want more cabernet sauvignon because you like the boldness and more tannins then you ask for the left bank bordeaux as time goes by you learn that those villages to produce those are madok margot groves los angeles and several others actually quite a number of others when i first started at the time i was partial to cabernet sauvignon more than i was merlot i wasn't crazy about big gigantic calves though i'm left-handed and liked cabs more wine with more cabs came from the left bank accordingly my focus was then left bank cad merlot blends you know this is like drinking wines from napa or sonoma napa's wines are completely different than sonoma's wines as you get more into it you realize and learn that napa's howe mountain caneros uh mount veter oakville uh spring mountain and stagsleep taste different than those from the valley floor and sonomas alexander valley dry creek chalk hill pine mountain and russian river valley are different from the actual sonoma valley you know actually when it comes to bordeaux i used to think it was kind of cool to be able to say i want a left bank bordeaux please i i guess i got a little vulnerable there didn't i that's too late it's already recorded by the way when you go to a decent place to get your wine whether online or in a store just ask the person helping you that you want a left bank bordeaux or a right bank if that's what you prefer other point is you'll sound knowledgeable and they'll know exactly what you're talking about and you'll get exactly what your taste buds desire folks thanks for joining me i'm here to help and serve you as we become wine lovers together well there you have make sure you watch these other videos and remember to hit like and subscribe if you got something out of this video until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @AstiWines [3 likes]: What's the best French wine you've ever had?
  2. @mr.garlicman3134 [1 likes]: I had a 2016 Vintage Bernard Magrez Chateau Les Grands Chenes Bordeaux Red Wine and it was amazing
  3. @ThePegasus101 [1 likes]: facinating
  4. @victorlucaslindbloom2450: I’m left handed too.
  5. @vibesforrelaxationbyveroni6838: Thank you so much!!
  6. @LouiseKeller-w2c: je choisirai Bordeaux
  7. @dallas11207: Very understandable!
  8. @alvarogil8954: Great lesson, excellently put, simple and to the point.
  9. @MakeTriathlonGreatAgain: Asti!
  10. @bartp4788: +++
  11. @churchill_cigar: Good beginner’s guide but there is overlap.  Some red burgundies are tannic and full bodied - a chamber 
tin for  example.
  12. @TiffanyHasse: Very educational and clean and simply put
  13. @typerightseesight: I've been a wine drinker for a few years and came across a few bromioli rocco 1 liter swingtop bottles. The giara and the emilia. Believe it or not. This video helped me make a decision! Thanks.
  14. @PrehistoricMeatEater: I was looking for more on taste description, but it just wasn't there. A lot about bottles, color, etc. But I drink for taste.
  15. @Eoin109: What are the best wines to drink that are low in acidity?
  16. @mwbeo4772: thank you for keeping it simple
  17. @A.N.Martin6597: Forgot to mention Carménère in Bordeaux.
  18. @jP-nw7nm: Damn nobody explains it better in all honesty nothing but likes!
  19. @winesoup6907: Nice and clear video about Bordeaux and Burgundy wines! You're right...I'm one of those people that never tried 'Bordeaux' or Burgundy (or even French wines in general) because it felt overwhelming! but the simple explanation on 6:27 was easy to understand! So I guess safe to say I've at least drank Bordeaux 'style' wines and I didn't even know it....I did check your videos after posting this and did not find any videos on Rhone wines...or did I miss it? Thanks again for your videos, I'm gonna start watching them and learn!
  20. @hongkongers9160: Great video! 🥰

- Hidden BURGUNDY: Villages Nobody Talks About (But Are Worth Exploring): Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody, this is Agnesa from No Sediment and today let's talk about and taste some of the less discovered villages of Burgundy where exciting wines can still offer real value. Although when I was preparing for this video, a fellow Somalia teased me and said, "Burgundy and Value, Agnes, I thought you were studying at the Institute of Masters of Wine." So with increasingly challenging weather patterns and hotter, drier growing seasons so many wine- makingaking regions are experiencing, it is only natural to raise a question. Will we be able to continue making the classic wine styles associated with these regions or should we start to look somewhere else? Now I am not one to start panicking. I am sure that most of our beloved wine- makingaking regions will keep producing top quality wines at least for our lifetime. I hope they do. But if climate change has taught us anything, it is the importance of better understanding of our land and the wines we are working. So it is both changing weather and improved viticulture practices that have allowed us to search for new and exciting teroirs. With this in mind, I thought instead of looking straight to new wine- makingaking regions, why not revisit some of those so-called lesser villages of Burgundy? And by lesser, I don't mean lower quality. Despite the fact many books and blogs describe some of the appellations I have gathered here as producing wines with less finesse, less elegance, and more rusticity. But what I actually mean by lesser is that they simply do not receive the same praise or accolades as their more famous neighbors. And yet, thanks to changing weather patterns, better plant material, and more precise viticulture and wine- making, these areas are now offering great quality wines. Maybe they can even spark some interest for those looking for better value in Burgundy. I know, I know it is a very sensitive topic, but I hope you understand where I'm going with this. Anyhow, I did some reading and research and added some of my own thoughts when selecting the wines for today's topic. And as promised, I will not be talking too much about value here, even though I do believe that all of these appellations are much more wallet friendly than the more famous and highly recognized names of Burgundy. Whether they actually hold their ground, we will see now once I start tasting them, at least for me. In fact, I would argue that there are plenty of villages and appellations and areas to choose from. Some may be more recognizable and successful than others. So, please comment in the section below which ones I should revisit next time. But now, let's start with tasting. I will start with a quite lowhanging fruit here. I do not think many of wine lovers need convincing that Santon is absolutely amazing appellation to look for great wines. I wanted to say value but I I didn't want to do that. I fell in love with the stobon a while ago and I'm happy that it has blossomed in this absolutely beautiful and magical appellation. It used to be an appellation where grapes could not reach their full maturation reliably every year. I do not think that is huge issue lately. Maybe in some especially cool and dump vintages and I guess I will always use an opportunity to taste or simply enjoy one of Ubel Lamese wine. So Ubel Laamese is top top top producer uh in the area and uh he's also really into these high density plantains. He's going back to his roots. There are a lot of podcasts and interviews out there with the wine maker where he talks about the high density planting and why that actually matters when it comes to quality wine making, when it comes to concentration in the wines. So maybe I'm slightly cheating here, but I wanted to highlight specifically this producer. I wanted to highlight this appellation because let's be honest, you are tasting I am tasting sorry I am tasting now one of the top top producers of the area and this is still twodigit number wine. Yes it is a village wine. It is not premier crew. We do have premier cruise sites in Sbon but still it is relatively affordable if we are comparing it with the rest of the well-known appellations and especially if we are talking about top top high tier producers. So let's taste this wine. So this is 2020 son aon La Princ and I love the nose immediately. It is a classic white burgundy. It screams classic white burgundy. Some of my Oh my god, the tension here on the pallet, the freshness, the acidity, the kick. I wanted to tell you that some of my colleagues uh uh fellow somalas they often describe uber lamese style as being this really tight and maybe closed. I have never felt that. I am usually someone who prefers more open more generous wines. But I do think that there's a lot of tension here. I don't find these wines tight or closed. There's just this beautiful zesty, fresh, lively acidity, but it holds all the ripeness of the fruit just, you know, in a perfect balance. And I feel the same here. You kind of have these ripe ripe white stone fruits, really ripe white apple and pear and maybe, you know, bruised melon, but nothing seems tight or closed, you know. Uh, it seems really open and inviting still. No, I love it. I love this style so much. So, this was intentionally put here for me to taste and on the palette. I mean, the freshness, the nerviness this wine offers. There is no doubt that at least in top top producers hands like Uber Lami San Oban offers an amazing quality. We could discuss about the value because that is true. Santo especially during the last years during the last decade has been really creeping up in the prices but I mean it is still fraction of what is asked by some of the top top populations. So I will give this wine I love it. It is village level. I love it. I will give this wine 94 points. I think I still have this the I still have the after taste here. And it is just zesty fruit packed. It is not just the acidity, the freshness that you feel. It is just that really crunchy but at the same time ripe fruit packed after taste. I love it. Let's move to wine number two which is kind of interesting choice from my side but I guess I really wanted to highlight some of those less discovered appellations and villages of Mong because now we have premier cruise in Puet. I remember 15 years ago I was talking about Puet with some friends of mine some ses and and we said maybe you know they deserve to have their premier cruise sites but it will probably never happen. And look at this. This really traditional, beautiful wine-making region, Burgundy. And we do have Premier Cruz and Fuifet. But that means one thing. Now these wines cost way more. For some wines, I have seen up to 30 even 40% price increase. And so, you know, these are still the same wines. They have not changed much. You know, these are still the same teroirs. Wine making for many of the wine producers are still the same. It is the price increase. Um we are paying more for the premier crew but some of us knew those leod before. So we knew exactly what we were uh looking for. And now with these changes I wanted to highlight other villages around Pufus. And this is really interesting because some Veron Appalachian kind of hugs Pu Fuse. We have some of the vineyards from one side and some of the vineyards from the other side. So it makes sense to look for these continuations of these better known appellations and villages. It is also very interesting to me that some of the villages of Smearon used to be bottled under Boule label. Uh but I think maybe 12 years ago or or 10 years ago I really got excited about this specific appellation. And at that time it was just so so so cheap. It was really really affordable. So I thought that I haven't talked about it on this channel. So maybe I should put it in the tasting and see how it has developed. Merlin is often described as the vizard of the I think it's Olivier Merlin as the wizard of the Chardonnay in Makon. So uh let's taste their wine. And this is 2023 vintage. Okay. So on the nose definitely not as expressive, not as open, not as complex as Sabbon, but then again it is three times the price of Sabbon. Okay, it's starting to open up and we do feel some of the riper fruits here. You know, maybe not white apple, but more yellow apple, more reddish apple, riper character of pear, more melon. There's even something yellow like peach and apricot, those pink skinned stone fruits that are much much riper in character and and something creamy in the background as well. Yes, it is very interesting because at first and now I will tell you a little secret uh which has always puzzled my mind. I constantly mix shabli and mongome in blind tastings. It has been done several times and when I asked people around some of them said that's yeah that's completely normal. Uh but I thought oh my god like those two climates could not be further apart like one is really cool and the other one is much much warmer. But here in the very beginning I almost felt something green uh like note of limema leaf or you know like lime peel but now it just opens up and you feel that it is coming from a warmer climate. So maybe next time I'm doing a blind tasting, I should pay more attention or spend more time with wine. The issue is that usually blind tastings are under the time pressure. Okay, let's let's finally taste the wine. Okay, so this wine is a crowdleaser and it might not pack the same tension and kick as the wine number one from S. Oban, but I still think it is just beautiful and ripe and really charming and slightly voluuptuous in in its character, which is absolutely fine and absolutely beautiful. I think some Veron kind of takes the place of uh puay what it was maybe 10, 15, 20 years ago. offering better value, offering that more luscious, more riper fruit character that maybe rest of the Burgundy could not offer. Uh, I will give this wine 90 points. I think it's beautiful, especially giving the price tag this wine has. I will always go for some Von instead of Monage. And uh, yeah. Yes, that creamy depth on the nose and on the palette, that voluuptuous body, that ah ripe fruit. There's definitely a lot of charm in this wine. Shall we move to the red wines? Okay, wine number three comes from an appellation that is quite difficult to pronounce, O Durus. Uh, and it is 2021 vintage, which was really challenging and difficult vintage. So, we should be honest with this wine uh as well. I think it is very exciting Appalachian first of all because it is located between two really good great names of Kodong which is Mero and Bonet and one is absolutely stunning with its white wines and the other is absolutely stunning with its red wines and Ouros can offer both whites and red wines. Currently I have in my glass red wine from producer who's actually better known with its white wines which is the at Pascal Matro and I think currently there are two sisters who are managing the estate here I will need a bit of this by the color you see immediately the um the pinon noir gene here it is this thin skinned gray variety but on the nose you also feel the pin noir because you have these really ripe beautiful seducting seducing seducing red berries but there's also some earthiness I read that matro will always de stem their fruit it is really interesting because from the nose I would guess that maybe 10 or 15% would be whole bunch um there is this earthiness that maybe kind of black olive or green olive live uh in it, but it adds more like a complexity to the wine, not necessarily something that dominates the fruit. It is the fruit that shines. And there's also some lilac, some floral elements here on the nose. I do enjoy it. I was not expecting to enjoy it as much because uh if I'm being completely honest, this is not really expensive wine. It is expensive if we are talking about global understanding of wines. It is not as expensive if we are only focusing on burgundy. So this bottle costs around €40. And on the nose it immediately kind of seduces me. I want to taste it. We do have these wild berries, wild strawberries, raspberries, maybe something blue here, you know, blueberry as well, but it's more these red bright fruit uh driven flavors. So let's taste it. H impressive 13.5 alcohol, which I maybe felt a little bit. Uh maybe I thought that it swooped a bit the fruit away on the palette despite the fact that on the nose I don't feel it at all. I think it is really fruit dominated. It is really interesting because historically oadurus used to be described as making a bit thinner or maybe not as open and expressive wines as mer or vuln and nowadays I would say that's not a problem because some of these better known appellations maybe make too much uh not necessarily all of them of course there are amazing examples out there but uh like 13.5 impressive for an area which we used to describe as an area that could not ripen their grapes fully. [Music] Maybe I'm getting used to the mouth feel, but the second sip felt more complex and more in balance than maybe the previous one. The acidity is beautiful and well integrated, playful, tiny, wellbalanced and well polished tannon. like on the palette when you taste the wine, you kind of understand that this could be fully distemmed fruit and I do not feel alcohol playing as important role anymore when the second sip came. So definitely maybe it grows on you, but the nose is still what charms me the most. So I will give this wine 91 point. Let's move to wine number four which by many have been described as an absolutely amazing value when it comes to red burgundy especially and this is sei leong uh from AF Gross I think it's an frano gross it also talks more power than maybe wine number three did this seems bigger and riper and more opulent but we are also talking about two different vintages so This is 2023, but there's much more ripess here. It it it kind of whispers to me that it's going to be fuller in body than maybe the Metro example was. So, let's taste Well, here we definitely have more substance. It is not as light. It is not as delicate as the wine number three was. It is much more fuller, way more structured. I think there is some of that whole bunch in it, at least 20 30%. You kind of feel slight grip to the otherwise really elegant pino tannin. But here in this wine, the acidity packs a lot of power and a lot of freshness on its own. And maybe the whole bunch actually worked to add a bit of texture, a bit of structure to the wine rather than freshness, which we sometimes discuss. it can do. I think it is completely different in style than the wine number three and it also speaks volumes about the vintages about each specific terois and the wine maker you know the soul behind the wine. We often forget to talk about the wine- making techniques and the hands of a wine maker because they also leave mark on the wine and here we can see two completely opposite directions. Uh, I will give this wine 92 points. I think it offers amazing quality, amazing structure, great depth. I would drink wine number three today and I would not be offended to open wine number four after five or 6 years. I think it could hold amazingly well. There's a lot of power in there. It's a quiet power. It is not Cabernet power, but there's still a lot of power in there. So, here you go. These are my less known, less discovered villages except for Santon, but I really wanted to show it. I think I made another video where I talked about Pison and Santana, which I do enjoy a lot as well. And there's no way I think that Pisson is rustic, at least when it is in the right hands. So, as discussed before, let me know in the comment section below which of the villages you think are less discovered and definitely deserve more attention from us, the wine lovers. And if you love burgundy, definitely make sure to check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @liamblake937 [2 likes]: I often find more pleasure and value in bourgogne regional wines from good producers in the famous villages than I do in the less famous village wines. I do love Fixin, Auxey Duresses, Monthelie, and Rully though
  2. @magicalwineexperiences [2 likes]: One of the best wines I had in 2025 was the 2022 Domaine de Montille Saint-Aubin 1er Cru En Remilly for $87, it had this haunting glittering minerality with green apple and pear that followed me around for a month. Goes well with Aerosmith.
  3. @jankieft7675 [1 likes]: Why don't you taste the wines in their appropriate glasses like chardonnay and pinot noir? I am surprised...
  4. @perry3556 [1 likes]: Can you coravin a bottle and yet age it for another 4-5 years? I always thought you had to finish the bottle within the next couple of months since the lower amount of wine in the bottle is not optimal for aging...
  5. @sebastien2790 [1 likes]: For a futur trip go visit marsannay, chablis or fixin... a lot of good wine there.
  6. @someoneelse2262 [1 likes]: For me, the great irony of Burgundy, which has been--not particularly original here--my cult region (and source of so many highs and lows), is that what have historically been the Grand Cru wines because they actually got enough sun to ripen, are now wines that are struggling to keep acceptable balance. The village wines and lesser appelations are becoming vastly more interesting, and while not exactly affordable, at least I don't have to mortgage my house to stay in the game. 
Thanks for presenting these--though maybe let's try to keep it a secret a little longer!
  7. @holyfox94 [1 likes]: Dubreuil- Fontaine, Alain Gras, Mark Haisma or Eric Forest. Great quality and great price. Burgundy prices are a pain… but in the end they  worth it.
  8. @hendersongibson2551 [1 likes]: White apple and pear? Can't say I've had one. Only joking Agnes. Love your work.
  9. @NickMears-r3c [1 likes]: Looking for a Meursault at a price I could afford, I tasted a Montagny 1er Cru , a Mercurey and a Saint Veran. All impressive, but all three bottles or one Meursault?  🤔
  10. @vincentfickweiler4590 [1 likes]: Fixin!
  11. @sjefsanders [1 likes]: Hi Agnes,

Great video! I would definitively recommend the appellations Irancy and Bourgogne Chitry for good value Burgundy. I was stunned by the quality Irancy's Benoit Cantin.

Keep up the good work.
  12. @Cdnprairieboy68 [1 likes]: Love Burgundy (despite the prices). 😢 My wife and I were there in August and visited a small producer (Maison Skyaasen) and came home with his Savigny-Les-Beaune ‘Les Bas Liards’. Would check him out, next time you visit! 😁
  13. @heatherharrison264 [1 likes]: I'm familiar with all of these villages, and I've had good luck with them in recent years.  Prices have gone up, but for the quality they offer, they are still reasonable.

Back in the 1990s, Santenay used to be excellent and a very low price.  Nowadays, it is still good, but the price has gone up significantly, though it is still affordable when compared to the most famous villages.  Mercurey is another one that was very inexpensive back then, but it has been "discovered" and the price has gone up, though good value can still be had.  I suppose the same could be said for many others.
  14. @bradbellomo6896 [1 likes]: I recently had a Irancy (Gabin et Felix Richoux) I enjoyed at a very reasonable price.  I generally don't even look at Burgundy anymore, far too many wines more than 10 times what I can afford.
  15. @MagalaxeurDETER: Bruh! The prices of these villages are already getting out of hand! Look at the maconnais from guffens heynen. Same prices as a gevrey chambertin or nuits saint georges. They re really good tho
  16. @MrPierrePhilippe: Hi Agness, what is the village on the picture on top of your page ? I would guess Saint-Émilion
  17. @collbackk: ♫ Dans l'usine en grève
Tout le monde rêve
De voir la mer à Saint-Aubin ♪ ♬
  18. @patrickdansette5564: I wish you would learn the french pronunciation of the name you cite. No Harm but it is very hard for my ear.
  19. @Blair338RUM: Saint Aubin was good value  10 years ago. 
Pouilly  is no longer good value either. 
For me Chablis, Rully for whites and Givry for reds
  20. @udogrunhoff5936: Dear Agnes,

As a regular viewer, I consistently appreciate your segments, your engaging style, and your extensive knowledge of wine.

However, I was quite surprised by this segment where you are referring to wines costing $60 or more, rated 90-92 points, as "value wines." While I understand that some Burgundy wines can be significantly more expensive, a $60 bottle doesn't typically fall into the "value" category for most consumers. With all due respect, it seems that you might overlook the reality that not everyone can regularly spend $60 or more on a bottle of wine. Such prices are usually reserved for special occasions, and at that price point, one might expect a wine rated 95 points or higher.

There's a growing concern about declining wine consumption and a lack of interest among younger generations. This issue is only exacerbated when experts like yourself suggest that a "value wine" costs $60....🤑

Please don't misunderstand; at 62 years old and very passionate about wine for 40 years, my own cellar is well-stocked with expensive wines. However, I constantly try to keep in mind what those who are interested in wine, but aren't necessarily "wine geeks," are able and willing to pay. So I never would refer to a bottle costing more that $25 as a "value wine". 

Of course, if your 35,000 subscribers are all wealthy wine enthusiasts and you wish to cater exclusively to them, please feel free to disregard my comment.

- How to build a portfolio for wine investment - RareWine Invest: Kind: captions Language: en historically wine is the best investment are you curious about wine as an investment class this video is tailor-made to give you insights about how to build a wine portfolio stored without duties and vat my name is room commercial director at where wine invest responsible for our offices in Denmark Sweden the Netherlands and Italy today we will take a deep dive into how to build a wine portfolio in front of me we have a unique portfolio from where wine invest from one of our investors It's a combination of burgundy champagne and an Italian position a typically wine portfolio have a distribution of 40 burgundy 30 champagne 15 Italian wines and the rest of the percentages could be either from American wines or Whiskey in the category we call Western world let's go through this portfolio [Music] if the late Andre was the king of burgundy one could say that Madame is truly the queen of burgundy an amazing winemaker and probably the best in the world we're talking about the most expensive wine out of burgundy this one is her bemong 2011 as stunning wine but when we talk about domain Lua vintages is secondary it's the availability to Salt these Wines in open market and the quantities of having that makes it very suitable for investment this one do name the shack a classic burgundy case a strong brand high demand and limited production to name the shack have read cult status in many parts of the world and that is the same for this to Shack bonus matter 2017 and an interesting story about Greninja Shack is that it's a very popular around American rappers meaning that the consumption on a global market is very high so this the name de Shaq 2017 from Bonus war is a very interesting for investment case as well this one 2017 blank one of the most historical wineries in burgundy with a history with over 200 years in the same family however in 2017 Stan krinker the owner of screaming eagle took over Screaming Eagle is the most recognized and expensive wines in Napa Valley furthermore he leased half of his wingyard in quotation to the famous domain Romina country producing side by side with the most powerful brand in the world of wine will rise in recognition benefiting all wines from this beautiful piece of land this Burning is a classic white burgundy case with the new branding Powers the high recognition and the production of these limited win yards makes it very suitable moving on to Champaign first we have the exceptional Salon Korea s truly a one-of-a-kind champagne this is the 2002 one of the best produced vintages according to the wine critics around the world there is never a poor ventures in so long champagne it's only produced when the grapes are exceptional meaning micro production High consumption making it very suitable for investment moving on we have Luis Rodriguez Prestige Crystal on Magnum 2009. Cristal was the preferred choice for the Russian Tsar back in the day he was afraid of being assassinated and therefore he demanded that the bottle needs to be crystal clear to avoid poison and in the burden that needed to be flat to avoid bombs being hit to this day Cristal has kept the crystal clear bottle and the flat bottom crystal is produced from the best Clancy windyards that Luis weather owns and today is produced in seven different communes finally this bottle is a magnum that can mature even better in the cellar make it ideal for investment next up an axler icon is widely recognized as one of the best champagne producers in the world if not the best furthermore this is their monopol single winier criminal a bucket list champagne for all champagne Lovers Only in the very best vintages Hakuna Manila is released by Crook and the production is around 12 000 bottles which is very limited in a champagne perspective also in terms of branding quickest at another level Queen is owned by Louis Vuitton Hennessy group that own more champagne producers still Krug is the diamond in their portfolio so is this where champagne finally we have the last position in this portfolio casabase a Tuscan gym for fines makers the history of this minury is a tale of his own and includes sabotage an angry former employee opened all the tanks and let everything out and therefore they didn't produce much for a couple of years Soldier has a massive controversially turned its back through the Brunell montesino classification however they reached iconic status with one of the most sought after wines from the area the 2013 bottle is one of the last produced bottles from clinfanco soldera as he tragically died in a car accident in 2019. there is so many stories to be told about this Winery that we cannot cover here but find more information on wherewineinvest.com in conclusion we have shown you a unique wine portfolio that should be stored for around 10 years if you are more interested in a wine portfolio please go and visit at whirlwindinvest.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrewlyons6566 [5 likes]: Sad this gets so little hits - the recommendations are excellent far better than most YouTube videos on this subject
  2. @mikejr1152 [1 likes]: Fantastic video and comment section. Are there pros and cons of storing investment wine in a barrel, and is it possible to invest direct to the distillery?
  3. @mattcipdirce00 [1 likes]: No Bordeaux? How come?
  4. @Jptoutant [1 likes]: You keep your wine in the box? They dont need to be spun a quarter turn everyday ?
  5. @fredericpichette5348: No Bordeaux, impossible.
  6. @dejandzananovic3174: What do you expect with prices in coming recession?

- Discover The White Wines of Burgundy: Kind: captions Language: en-CA [♪♪] CHRISTOPHE BOUCHARD: [French speech] MICHAEL FAGAN: Under the city of Beaune, France, in the ancient cellars of Bouchard Pere & Fils, there's a bottle that challenges all I know to be true about white wine. BOUCHARD: FAGAN: It's a bottle of 1846 Chardonnay, a Meursault that Christophe Bouchard tells me is in perfect condition. FAGAN: Still fresh with excellent acidity, its longevity is a testament to the quality of these great wines from Burgundy. Here in the Côte-d'Or, the heart of Burgundy's vineyards, there's a white grape that has conquered the world. It's a chameleon, one that changes its character, expressing the soil and weather from where it's grown. It's a grape that, especially here, can be overwhelmingly complex. But knowing a few simple truths can make it accessible. Chardonnay is the ultimate world traveller. It's planted in every major wine-growing region around the world, adapting to a various range of soils and climate. But the earliest reference, the earliest written reference, to Chardonnay speaks to it grown right here at Clos de Vougeot, in 1330. The rolling limestone hills of Burgundy provide the ideal cool climate conditions for Chardonnay. The combination of soil, sight, climate, and local traditions are called "terroir". The Burgundians have their own word for this - they call it "climat". I talked with wine scholar Jean-Pierre Renard... In each place, you have a different climatic condition, a different type of soil and sub-soil, different wineries. Maybe we have a different history behind - So, all that is a link between the place and the product. FAGAN: This region was blessed by Mother Nature. The growing region is focused on a limestone escarpment running for 200 kilometers from Chablis, in the north, down to Mâcon, near Lyon in the south. At its heart is the Côte-d'Or, with the largest concentration of premier cru and grand cru vineyards, revered for their quality the world over. Regardless of style, all white wines here are made from Chardonnay. FABRICE LESNE: FAGAN: The style of Chardonnay here differs significantly from those grown in warmer climates like California. First planted in the Middle Ages, there's no finer example worldwide than the white wines of Montrachet. LESNE: FAGAN: Oui. FAGAN: In Burgundy, I find it amazing that the soil of one vineyard will differ significantly from another, even when they're only a few meters apart. Here in Montrachet, there's a grand cru vineyard next to a premier cru vineyard. There will be a significant price difference between these two wines when they go to market. Winemaker Fabrice Lesne explains the criteria used to establish these boundaries. [Fagan speaking in French] [Lesne speaking in French] FAGAN: Wherever you see a road or stone wall in Burgundy, it has deeper meaning. It's likely an ancient demarcation from centuries ago, dividing one plot of land from another. Burgundy's growing regions are a patchwork of these small plots codified by the monks of the Middle Ages. The classification system of vineyard location is key to understanding the quality in Burgundy. On the flat land and at the bottom of the hill, they grow grapes for regional and village wines. The soil here is more fertile. On the sloped lands near the bottom and at the top of the hills, they source the fruit for premier cru wines. These are more focused in character. The best locations, near the top of the hill, is where they source grand cru wines. This is the pinnacle, the finest expression of Chardonnay in Burgundy. While Chardonnay is made the world over, these vineyards are home to some of the greatest, most age-worthy white wines in the world. We talk about the wines of Burgundy being all about location... This is one of the reasons why. Here we have soil samples from various vineyards, and you can see they vary dramatically. So picture planting the same grape variety in each of these vineyards. You can only expect that the end result is going to be quite different. FAGAN: 11th century... It's a long time! [Fagan speaks in French] [Lesne speaks in French] The soils of Montrachet produce wines of power and longevity. This is considered by many to be the greatest white wine appellation in France... and perhaps the world. Close by, in the quiet village of Meursault, they stand ready for harvest. This is a town with wine at its heart. The weather here is unpredictable. Let's go! FAGAN: Mother Nature can have her own ideas. The harvesters are called into action as the rain begins. For the vignerons, it's essential that the grapes are picked before water swells the fruit, or rot sets in. They're not prone to panic. Generations of experience on this land have taught them respect for tradition, a life in harmony with the vines. ♪ [Vigneron singing in French] ♪ Here they celebrate cool-climate Chardonnay, a benchmark style worldwide. When we look at the range of wines available in Burgundy, this is a great example. We have all four levels of our pyramid. We have the regional wines - these are the most affordable. Half of the wines produced in Burgundy are just labelled as regional wines called "ablation Bourgogne". In this case, they even say it's Chardonnay. These wines are a great introduction to what the rest of Burgundy has to offer. As you move up the scale, we have the village wines. it's a Meursault. I love Meursault... You get a nice, little hint of oak. These are soft and a real great introduction to what village wines can be all about. As we move up a little farther, we go to premier cru. And this is where we start to get the expression of terroir. These wines have a lot of character, a little more complexity, and there's such a wide range to discover... As we move up to the top of the level, we have grand cru. Now, these wines are special. There's not a lot made, they come from very, very small parcels of land, and what makes them unique is the soil composition on these properties is special. With these wines, you can expect aromas and flavours of white tree fruit, you're going to get some citrus character. It's a backbone of minerality and that really gives these wines ageability. Now, they're expensive, but they're certainly worth the experience. This is the town of Auxerre, on Burgundy's north edge. They're famous here for a white wine that took the world by storm. Wine making here is rooted in the ancient church and this 12th century press still operates as it once did. These monks created a style of Chardonnay that took its name from Burgundy's northern region - Chablis. In the 16th and 17th centuries, Chablis had a virtual monopoly on the lucrative Parisian market. Around this time, the English started to import substantial quantities. River ways and canals were used as an effective means of transportation and this really allowed Chablis to become one of the most extensively-planted vineyards in the world. Chablis is the most northerly growing region in Burgundy and grows Chardonnay exclusively with seven grand cru and 40 premier cru vineyards. The secret to this region's style lies in an ancient seabed of fossilized shells called Kimmeridgian soil, which infuses the minerality of the limestone into the wine. For me, the wines of Chablis are the purest expression of the Chardonnay grape. The use of stainless steel tanks and limited oak influences means that the wine retains its acidity, minerality, and green apple notes. When someone tells me they don't like Chardonnay, I tell them they haven't tasted Chablis. So, the vineyards of Chablis are pretty steep! Yeah, very steep. 45 degrees. Yeah. Do you pick these vineyards by hand or by machine? I can see why... Gregory Viennois is a man who climbed the ranks of France's wine industry and is technical director at Domaine Laroche. VIENNOIS: You can see the limestone. It's a very white limestone here. It's very important for our wine. The rugged slopes of Chablis are incredibly difficult to cultivate, but the vines draw out the character of the rocks below. What gives Chablis its unique expression to Chardonnay? So, it's a very white limestone... As you can see, we have a lot of fossilized oyster here. Okay. You can smell the minerality of Chablis. Really? Yeah! There's almost a salty, mineral character. It's a salinity, it's a minerality. So, it's like a transfer between the soil and the wine. Because of the purity of the grapes, of the wine, of the limestone, we don't need to have too much oak. It's why we always use a part in stainless steel. We need to have stainless steel to preserve the purity. It's important. The minerality you get out of Chablis is so specific, so different, so unique, that you cannot confuse a Chablis with any other wine in the world. It's very difficult to define what minerality is. But there's something that would kind of keep the wine alive, and very lively, and very fresh, and a very long-lasting taste. That's very specific to Chablis, even though it's 100% Chardonnay. FAGAN: When it comes to wine, I'm always in search of value. Now, Burgundy certainly makes some of the most sought-after wines in the world - with price tags to match - but there's so much more... Especially here in the Mâconnais. The Mâconnais region is at Burgundy's southern end, just north of Beaujolais. Its best-known appellation is Pouilly-Fuissé. This is Chardonnay country... Pouilly-Fuissé is the most well-known appellation of the region, and two thirds of its production is shipped to North America. The temperature here tends to be a little warmer, which gives a different expression to the Chardonnay. Overlooking the valley of Pouilly-Fuissé is Solutré Rock, with a human history dating back to the Stone Age. This is the limit of Burgundy's limestone ridge. The wines of Pouilly-Fuissé embody a unique terroir - elegance imparted by the limestone soils and a richness that comes from the warmer climate. Many of the wines from this area used to be made by large negociants, blending grapes from numerous small producers. Now there's a change underway in the Mâconnais... When you see the young generation going back to work in the vineyard, it means that you have more and more people who are aware of the quality and want to really show they can make great wines. The challenge is to make the next generations understand how precious and important it is what they have in their hands, how fragile it is also, and how essential it is to find a way to keep it the way it is. FAGAN: Vigneron Christophe Cordier explains the unique microclimate in this valley. The difference with Cote de Beaune - this is the exposition. We have every exposition. You have a Solutrean exposition, east exposition. We have vineyards everywhere. It's almost like being in an amphitheatre. Yes, yes! In the summer, it's very, very hot here. We have the warm temperature everywhere. But it's very interesting, because we have a lot of clay and limestone in the soil, and we can remain very good acidity for all the wine. Very often, we can compare the best Pouilly-Fuissé with - Sometimes we have a grand cru of Côte-d'Or. FAGAN: Surrounding the limestone-rich soils of the Solutré Rock, the vineyards of Pouilly-Fuissé flourish on its alkaline soils, giving this area such a great potential for the future... Whatever the magic is in these bottles, wine drinkers the world over are raising a glass to an unprecedented demand for bubbles. I'd like to celebrate what I feel is the best-kept secret in the sparkling wine world - Crémant de Bourgogne. "Crémant" is the term used to describe French sparkling wines made outside the boundaries of the Champagne region, using the "methode traditionelle". Much like Champagne, its cousin to the north, these wines are blended from Chardonnay and Pinot noir... But the comparison to champagne doesn't end there. Yeast and sugar is added to the wine to initiate a secondary fermentation in the bottle. The wine ages on its yeast, or lees, before it's finally disgorged and recorked. What's the difference between crémant from Burgundy and champagne? Marcel Combes, from Louis Bouillot, explains... The latitude is very fine and exceptional for the quality of the acidity of the grapes. Then, we have the two best grapes - Chardonnay and Pinot noir. But what is very, very interesting in Burgundy is that we are a little bit more sunny than the Champagne area. So, in a Crémant de Bourgogne, you must find the delicate and the nice fruity of the grapes. A Blanc de Blancs must taste more Chardonnay than a classic Champagne, or you must find the Pinot noir in the blend. For me, this is authenticity of Crémant de Bourgogne. [Crowded market voices] The cuisine of Burgundy is built on a foundation that is traditional, substantial, and very flavourful. There's a lot of local ingredients. You have beef from Charolais cattle that's perfect for beef bourguignon... And then there's the chicken, poulet de bresse, the only chicken with its own "appellation d'origine", and considered the finest in the world... And, of course, these are all perfectly suited for the wines of Bourgogne. The acidity in the white wines of Burgundy is something I look for. It adds a sharpness to the flavours, and it gives the wine a lift. The acidity also helps cut through the richness of traditional Burgundian cuisine. What he's explaining to me is, with these wines, the wines can have their own character. But when you have them with the cheese, the acids in the wine cut through it, the tannins are softened, and the little bit of saltiness that you get just makes the fruit shine. It brings it all to life. It's an experience not to be missed. For centuries now, these white wines have graced the tables of Europe, and their reputation has only grown. Producers on every corner of the globe measure their Chardonnay against the original. The small vineyard plots laid out by the monks of the Middle Ages have a style all their own... and it's one that should be experienced by every wine-lover.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chriswilson8753 [4 likes]: Just found this video, the first of the LCBO series that I’ve watched and what a treasure trove. Very informative, inspiring and appetising. Can’t wait to watch more.
  2. @griddy922 [3 likes]: Streng Geheim!
  3. @2011blueman [1 likes]: The classification system is largely bullshit.
  4. @fwa54321 [1 likes]: 9:28 most distracting music ever - what in the world?
  5. @glorytoukraine619 [1 likes]: So informative and inspiring! Thank you so much!
  6. @janbruger9609 [1 likes]: m   i   n   e   r   a   l    i   t   y
  7. @MartinM-e6n: You should read the book “ the judgment of Paris “ 1976
  8. @MartinM-e6n: Awesome
  9. @BernardBouchard-qq9kq: Nice Wine cellar.
  10. @casperoomen9111: Having a Duvernay premier cru with a beautifull camembert truly was a beautiful experience
  11. @Nastratamus: Truly I really appreciate everything else and I’m grateful for being able to enjoy it! Truly thank you and I apologize for expressing negatively in regards to the choice of music.
  12. @Nastratamus: Just went thru the comments and seriously nobody else has an issue with that new years guitar sounding like bjork and two cats fighting in a back alley over some rotting fish bones. Eeeesh
  13. @Nastratamus: Good lord what a terrible choice of music. Nails on a chalk board with the guitar screaming bloody murder. Awful but everything else is awesome!! Really appreciate it thank you!!!
  14. @willyegli9290: ....of Burgundy are the best🍸
I love MEURSAULT❤
  15. @willyegli9290: The white wines
  16. @voidgeometry794: la vins et ne pa<>?
  17. @tonyadeney1245: :glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:nice - I live in france the wines from regions seems to compliment local food recipes more than most countries - the climate and soil in france has quite a range from alps to southern coast - few places do that maybe italy - also noted some younger wine producers here working on organic vineyards even champagnes no chemicals no additives - usually small vineyards but tried some exceptional unknown wines that might be classics in twenty years :hand-pink-waving:
  18. @peterburlin8198: Oh man. Now Im thirsty, so thirsty.
  19. @odiesback: My bucket list for sure!!
  20. @Rich_190-sj: 9:28 WTH

- BURGUNDY'S COTE D'OR - WINE IN 10: Kind: captions Language: en what's up my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine a retailer and a consultant and this is my channel where we are thirsty for knowledge and wine so this is wine in 10 where i tell you everything you need to know about a region or grape variety in less than 10 minutes today i'm going to talk about a region that is way too complex to cover it all in one video so i'm going to split the region in different parts and then do different videos on those different parts in this video i'm going to talk about the most important part of this iconic region it is the region where most wine nerds end their wine tasting career because it takes some time to understand this part of the wine world so drum roll i'm going to talk about burgundy's core door which you actually already knew because it's in the title [Music] so let's start off with a little history lesson winemaking in burgundy really started when the romans conquered burgundy in 51 bc it was pretty likely that the celts already made wine in the region before the romans arrived but the romans really brought a lot of know-how and understanding of growing vines when they came into the region in order to understand winemaking in burgundy you really have to understand the influence of the monks in the region they really changed the dynamics of wine making in burgundy and exported their business model all around the world monasteries received vineyards from the royals and wealthy donors wanted god to be on their side monks on the other hand needed wine for mass and for their own entertainment monks could really focus on improving quality because they had time they had sellers they were able to keep records and they were pretty well educated for those times the first important monastery in burgundy were the benedictines of cuny who received for example the vineyard that is today known as romani conti in 1232 the other really important monastery were the cistercians who were founded a bit later than the benedictines near nuisance george and were the first ones to make chablis and the first owners of the vineyard known as claude boujou the monks were real wine nerds and they are the reason why burgundy today is so well understood but nerds also make things more complicated than they should be and this is the reason why the vineyards of burgundy are today so difficult to understand as they have been broken up into smaller and smaller parcels in order to isolate different characteristics and different quality levels another really important character in the history of burgundy was the duke of burgundy philip the bolt who wanted to decrease yields and increase quality in the region he ordered vintners to rip out garment vines and plant pinot noir instead in 1395. he actually said that gummy is harmful to human beings which is a bit rough but without him burgundy might not have been recognized as one of the greatest wine growing regions in the world burgundy as a whole includes 30 000 hectares of vineyards and the corridor is right in the middle of the region and it is known for producing really high quality wines the cote d'or is only roughly 50 kilometers long and it sits between dijon and santine the name codor either means golden slope or it means could dorian as the exposition of the slopes is towards the east the orient cordor is also the name of the department the administrative district the code door sits right on the fault line between the mauvon hills and the zone plane this part of france was under water during the jurassic period and when the water receded crustaceans and shells died fell to the ground and limestone formed from their remains over time this is why most parts of burgundy contain high levels of limestones and most vineyards are made up of clay and limestone this little stone is actually a piece of limestone from a vineyard called romani conti it doesn't taste that much though in general the best quality grapes come from the middle part of the slope the bottom part of the slope is most of the times too fertile for high quality wine production and the top part of the slope is oftentimes too sparse so that wines tend to be more light and not as profound and concentrated in this middle section of the vineyard which tends to be at an elevation of 250 to 300 meters above sea level you can find most of the premier crew and grand cru sites at the top of the slopes you can find mostly village level wines and at the bottom of the slopes you also find the large level wines or regional wines but i'm going to talk about the quality levels in a minute the coat door is split up into two parts you have the kote nui in the north which is known for amazing red wines and you have the kotu bone in the south which is known for great red wines and great white wines in the courty you find those famous villages called jerry shambatan morissandinis and von romani for example it produces some of the greatest red wines in the world but it only represents less than two thousand and five percent of the total production in burgundy in the cote de bone some of the greatest white wines in the world are made around the hill of motrache and in corto charlemagne villages like chasana puni and merso are known around the world the only grown cruise side for red wine in the coterbourne is corton but there are some amazing wines being produced in bonn volney and palma for example as a whole the kotebone only represents 11 of the total production in burgundy and there are less than 4 000 hectares planted to vineyards in that part of the corridor i want to dig in a little bit more into the quality classification in burgundy as this confuses lots of people in this classification vineyards are classified not producers like it is the case in bordeaux and not individual wines as it is the case with most wine critics today so at the bottom you have the regional appellations like bogor and rush that represents 52 percent of the region above that you have the village that are named after the village such as von roman village this includes 37 percent of all wines in burgundy above that you have the premier queer appellations with 640 different sites like bon romanese premier cru this makes up only 10 percent of the total production and then you have the best of the best the concrete like for example rich poor there are only 33 grand cruise in burgundy that account for around one percent of the total production easy isn't it so the climate in burgundy is continental with cold winters and relatively warm summers the region often has problems with spring frost you might have seen those beautiful pictures of vineyards with lots of different fires burning between the vines this looks very nice but spring frost is a real issue and can cost the wine makers a lot of money if it happens burgundy also has problems with regular hail storms or rain falling during spring or during harvest this is why vintage variation in burgundy is a real factor when you buy wine when it comes to grape varieties there are really two grape varieties that rule one is pinot noir as a red grape variety and the other one is chardonnay as a white grape variety these two grape varieties are now planted all around the world but producers still look to burgundy for inspiration when it comes to making great pinot noir and chardonnay people often forget that there are also other grape varieties being grown in burgundy for example ali gotti gamay and sauvignon blanc in burgundy itself grape varieties rarely appear on the label as vineyards and producer names are normally used in order to distinguish different wines but now let's talk about viticulture and wine making in the corridor wineries overall are pretty small in burgundy the average domain only has 6.5 hectares of vineyards the vine density is super high in burgundy 10 000 vines per hectare so one vine per square meter is pretty normal in the region this does normally increase quality as the vines have to struggle more in order to get nutrients from the soil but it also means that most vineyards are not mechanized because you can't really drive a tractor through those very densely planted vineyards the overall yields in burgundy are pretty low less than 60 hectare liters per hectare even less for premier crew and grand cru sites wine making in the cote d'or varies from producer to producer but pretty much all of the great producers use barik's small wooden barrels for their red wines and their white wines but there are differences when it comes to de-stemming maceration time use of cultured yeast and filtration for example especially the topic of de-stemming grapes was hotly debated in the region on one hand you had ongrijaye who distemped all of his grapes on the other hand you had oberdel villain from the domenda romani conti who was using very little de-stemmed berries in my opinion if done right wines made from whole bunch naughty stem grapes can have the more complex aroma and a more appealing more age-worthy structure so in conclusion even though i traveled through burgundy three to five times per year it is still a region for me that is very complex and i probably will never really understand burgundy in its entirety there's also no other region in the world where it's so difficult to find really great affordable wine there's so many different factors at play so it's sometimes really difficult to know what you're getting until you're tasting the wine but if you are like me and you really want to continue learning about wine for the rest of your life burgundy is a great place to be i hope you enjoyed my introduction into burgundy's court door if you liked the video then please like it down here subscribe to my channel and make sure that you're not missing a video i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty

  Top Comments:
  1. @WillCL1994 [8 likes]: This is such exceptional content! Would love to see an episode on English Sparkling wines (maybe blind against champagne) and something on the other regions of Burgundy Challonaise Macon (Rully & Pouilly Fusse etc...)
  2. @MiguelSantos-t6u [4 likes]: Great video. The only thing I don't agree with is that you said that most vineyards are not mechanized which is really not the case. Almost every vineyard (apart the ones that are located on really high slopes) are mecanized. Here we generally don't use tractors but we use "enjambeurs", which enables winemakers to do everything mechanicly while keeping the traditional 10.000 vines per ha density. 

Apart from that, everything you said was spot on, as always. Cheers!
  3. @CopEddy [1 likes]: What I remember about my visit to Burgundy was 1) the tourist traps in Beaune where they ask to pay money to taste mediocre wines 2) the way I was treated by Armand Rousseau because I could only buy 1 bottle from his expensive Gevrey 3) the hospitality I was received by Jacques Perrier where I could buy without any problem 1 bottle of his Le Musigny.
  4. @JohnWoodman1670 [1 likes]: While “barrique” is the French word for barrel, in winemaking the term usually refers to a particular shape and size. It is relatively tall with thinner staves than most other barrels. Wine labels may tout terms like “aged in barrique” or “barrique-aged.”
  5. @kratozsweden5593 [1 likes]: Great video in an even greater series of videos! Thank you! 👍 I was one of those "I don't really like white wines" guys until I tasted a Meursault! 😍 Since that day I'm constantly searching for the next oak-fix...😋
  6. @josemarciodocarmo2536: Essas traduções são HORRÍVEIS. Não dá para assistir vídeos assim. Melhor seria se ficasse na linguagem original.
  7. @williamwoody7607: If only we could afford it. I was second sommelier at a 5 star in Philadelphia, many years ago. We took for granted so much. You could’ve bought a lifetime’s worth of ‘61 port or 19th century mallet for practically nothing. The ‘45 Clos Des Lambrays was absolutely heartbreaking. We had one case from a private cellar. We put it on the list for a truly shocking $700. An unheard of price. A perfect spring summer and fall came and went. No young men to pick grapes and make wine. The owners were in there  70’s and clawed their way into the vineyards with local women. They made exquisitely little wine of extraordinary quality. How that case came to us is a miracle I’ll never understand. We sold it in 3 months. 50 years ago in Philadelphia! It couldn’t last. Now China buys everything France will let them have. Hopeless. Without a background in classic wine collecting before Parker I doubt I’d understand anything about wine.
  8. @richardwhite2730: Could you do a video on premier cru in Burgundy. As there are over 600, it is hard to work out the ones to try. I love to hear your tips on picking both good quality and value premier cru wines of Burgundy
  9. @vernandoss: Tno reference?
  10. @EnricoM.Büsch: wat heppt wie lacht , your english akzent is realy the yello from the egg  , tanks for the video
  11. @sodawaterlime: dont drop the DRC
  12. @colearnold8193: AND WINE!
  13. @matthewsgaming5333: Great video ! Keep up the awesome info!
  14. @elizadozell3680: Awesome video man . Thank you
  15. @gregcobaugh5915: Very cool.  Like a lot of wine geeks I still hunt for that elusive $50 over delivering burg.  They’re out there, just need to sift through some ok stuff
  16. @butztenchavez9878: Cote D'Or label wines fall as what in the pyramid?
  17. @daveo16: 👌🏽
  18. @clydeblair9622: Thank you. Burgundy is a direct reflection of the French mentality, like their other cultural manifestations. Sound like bs? Music, art, you name it.
  19. @dennistsiorbas5962: Difficult vintages in Burgundy reminds me of some of Italy's great wineries not even releasing certain "poor" vintages, but not aware of this in Burgundy?
There is an expression: "Vineyard over vintage", would you say this is true some of the time, no time, or all of the time in Burgundy, Bordeaux, or France as a whole?
Thank for the education! You are a treasure to all neophytes.
  20. @numanuma20: Cote d’Or is also where wine nerd stop because it is expensive. I’m doing a tasting with some friends and I was told to get wines and when I saw a Pommard under $50, I had to get it.

- Red Winemaking In Burgundy Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Wine making. The practice of fermenting grape juice and turning it into wine has been around for thousands of years But there are many nuances to this process and often different regions will have their own specific processes and methods Wine making has become an intricate and deeply personal process Wine making practices in Burgundy are partially protected by appellation laws, though Wine makers still have a large amount of control over their final decisions For example in Burgundy the only two permitted grapes for making red wine at Pinot Noir and Gamay With the latter only being used in the southern sub-regions The wine making process begins with harvesting when the grapes have reached their optimal ripeness and balance between sugar and acidity levels In Burgundy many of the top producers will harvest grapes by hand However machine harvesting is also allowed for all wines, except Grand Cru The harvested grapes will then go through a rigorous sorting process to make sure that only the best berries are sent for production This sorting can either be done by hand or with a high-tech machine that removes unwanted berries Once the grapes have been sorted they begin the process of vinification fermenting grape juice to make wine Firstly, grapes will be put into a vessel such as a stainless steel vat, cement tank or old oak cask Traditionally grapes will be crushed before entering the vats to release their juice however, many producers nowadays prefer to keep their grapes unbruised and uncrushed putting them into the vat as whole bunches including the stems This can change the structure and finesse of the tannins in the wine once in the vat, the red grape juice along with grape skins, seeds and possibly stems will start the process of maceration which Is the extraction of colour, flavour and tannins. During maceration, alcoholic fermentation occurs either naturally or through the addition of selective yeasts to the vat. Alcoholic fermentation is the process of yeast consuming the grapes natural sugars. There are three natural byproducts of fermentation: ethanol, carbon dioxide and heat. Whilst in the vat, Wine makers may choose to increase the extraction of colour and tannins by either pumping over the must, which is the fermenting juice, Or cap punching. Pushing the grape skins down into the liquid This cap punching method known as Pigeage and French was traditionally done by a wine maker walking and stomping down on the grapes. After alcoholic fermentation The existing juice is removed from the skins and the skins go through a pressing process to release any additional juice. In Burgundy many producers use a bladder press which is a very gentle process where grapes go into a tube with a bladder. The bladder is filled with air, crushing the grapes and releasing any remaining juice The wine will then be transferred into oak barrels It's very easy to understand the fermenting process, when the grapes arrive We press we extract the juice, the must. In the must we have a natural yeast and the yeast eats the sugar and transform the sugar in alcohol It's very simple. Does the fermentation process stop naturally or do you have to stop it? This fermentation stops naturally because when the yeast don't have sugar She dead and the fermentation stop naturally. Once in the oak barrels the process of malolactic fermentation occurs. During malolactic fermentation Microorganisms naturally found in grape juice Transformed tart malic acid found in green apples into soft lactic acid, which is found in milk This process softens the wine and helps to give the wine a smoother texture The wine is then left in oak barrels for maturation over a number of months during what is known as elevage. This step is critical to the development of flavors and aromas in a red wine. In Burgundy, French oak barrels of 228 litres act as the perfect vessel for maturing the wine Tiny pores in the would allow for micro oxygenation softening the wine and creating a smoother final product So what are the different steps for fermenting a red wine? If you want red wine particularly with the Pinot Noir you need colour and you don't have any colour in the juice You need the skin. For the white wine, you press before the malolactic fermentation And for the red wine you press after. The grapes goes into big vats in native oak But you do some different things during the fermentation for the red the pumping over we do some pigeage and When the alcoholic fermentation is completely finished you press and after the wine go to big barrels The oak barrels used for maturation may be reused three to four times with newer oak having a larger impact on a wines flavour on average wine makers will use more new oak for higher quality wines with a more complex and structured wine able to hold up to the intensity of the new oak. In Burgundy's Cote D'Or the richer red wines of the Cote de Nuit, tend to have more oak than in the Cote de Beaune Maturation and these oak barrels for the best red Burgundy's may last fifteen to twenty four months After the maturation phase the wine is transferred out of the oak barrels and back into a stainless steel vat During what is known as racking and blending Wines that are made up of different vineyard plots will all be blended together into the tank The wine is often still cloudy at this point. So a process of fining may be done to remove the unwanted particles Thus clarifying the liquid Fining agents may be natural proteins such as those found in egg whites or fish though Synthetic products can also be used most commonly in vegan wines the final step of the process is Filtration and bottling with the wines being transferred from tank to bottle and the final cork being added Bottles are then labeled and ready for sale The whole process of red wine making in Burgundy can take anywhere from a few months to well over two years During this time Wine makers need to make dozens, If not hundreds of decisions along the way to ensure that they end up with the best possible final product This is a simplistic guideline to the production of the great red wines of Burgundy as Each and every wine maker will adopt and employ their own techniques to create their own personal style

  Top Comments:
  1. @arnaud1381 [12 likes]: Bloody good quality video! Well done
  2. @billiswillis8293 [2 likes]: 4:50 For the white wine, you press before the ALCOHOLIC fermentation. Please edit subtitles.
  3. @Alkomp75 [2 likes]: Great work guys !  Continue like this !
  4. @exerciserelax8719 [2 likes]: Which is better Burgundy or Bordeaux?
  5. @joesantamaria5874 [2 likes]: Nice, thank you!
  6. @ivan5595 [1 likes]: Are the wines there made by umm....workers?
  7. @luuduy590 [1 likes]: The super furniture ultrastructurally continue because hyacinth gully cause including a splendid banker. fast, boiling club
  8. @angelinelyngdoh3976 [1 likes]: The tasteless inch terminally increase because surname contrastingly raise throughout a taboo elbow. inexpensive, heavenly heavy hellish valley
  9. @delotuliao1106 [1 likes]: Surprisingly, this gives a lot of information about the winery industry. Theme Night Wines must be doing the same thing to their wine that why it tastes amazing!
  10. @Jack0112358 [1 likes]: Yeah but barrel is like french accent, "when too pronounced is not nice"
  11. @giselaschneider7547 [1 likes]: Wow, such a nice video! Thank you very much!!!
  12. @kristoforusranandiasuliset3736: In wine factory, are they making red wine using additional sugar or yeast or not? 

When it comes to homemade red wine, it is often using additional sugar or yeast.
  13. @RiverDune-y6w: Good mix of visuals and information.
  14. @churchill_cigar: Is that Laurence Fox?
  15. @nosey.people.society665: super helpful!
  16. @Yevgeny123: Great video, thank you.
  17. @alandoran9891: Excellent 👍

- 40 Iconic Burgundy Producers You Need to Know...: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guru and welcome to your new rt1 exchange video we get to the end of our six part series about defining rare wines from Burgundy water journey it's been talking about the different styles of fantastic Pinot Noirs and chardonnays that there was the classification so many wonders we've seen the series wouldn't be complete though without a word on some of the most iconic wine producers here in Burgundy there are literally thousands and thousands of wineries in Burgundy and a large number of them make outstanding in extremely reputable wines I won't be able to fit them all in here in one single video so we're going to focus on some of the most illustrious ones some of the most admissible names in the region names that are important to have in mind if you want to pretend to be a real burgundy wine connoisseur or intend to become one someday names you may want to research further after I've given you some information about them let's go and let's start from the north of the corridor with the extraordinary village of Shama Shama since we're talking here only about the interaction the very best producers you'll find that we focus here on some of the most sought-after conquer vineyards like glue Samba and loom easily the gong crews around romanée-conti vineyard involve Romani will talk about the clue to Boudreaux in high-end white wines as well so those will be these videos different chapters now in Revelation best understand name a legendary family-owned wine producer is the domain Alma do also an iconic name you must know even though the domain was established vertically recently in the early 20th century it's relatively speaking early for Burgundy for the worldwide reputation of the estate has skyrocketed over the past few decades under the control of our ma who sews song shout and shouts so now Eric also the domains vineya Holdings counts with 8.5 hectares of conquer sites including wines from Lucian better include the best absolutely iconic names now domain Yuka P is also the top name in Java shown after known as an old vine in organic wine specialist any wine made from vines younger than 30 years old by Duga P is Declassified by themselves and used to make the boogaloos even if it comes from a top vineyard this is to ensure consistent and elite level quality vintage after vintage Togepi makes three Concord Sean Burton magician Burton and Sean Sean Burton for all the big names making top jouvert wines look out for domain you Jack domain full Irish and domain copy the domains or who Mia is an absolute legend in Shambhala easily one of the longest established estate 14 domains in the quarter door for example of what this translates into then Lumina gone through the most prestigious wine easily retails for around ten thousand dollars a bottle although the winery also makes an iconic comic who called laser movers one of the very best publishers in Trumbull mutiny outside of Shambhala they also make a closer Boudreaux and Bona Marvel Romany culture domain Georgia you may remember this one now the domain comes to short the vogue way is a producer to be reckoned with here if only because they earn a spectacular person of the museum a concur that covers 7.2 hector's they own with this block 70% of the entire gronckle of limousine many consider the mutiny to be the finest vineyard in Burgundy so it's not a small holding is it drove the walkway also makes outstandingly Samoas Premier Cru that we've just talked about they also make a label man in Vaughn Romani just like Josh owe me iconic name also lookout for Shambhala mutiny wines made by the domain Jacques Frederick Mooney the family has owned the chateau de chambord mutiny the villages Chateau since 1863 and they make a fantastic extremely reputable music uncle as well and they make a liquid Premier Cru as well as the laser my voice oh top four miracles of Shambhala as well many producers and Mason's that own conclude in different parts of Burgundy also make top Shambhala mutiny wines everyone wants to have a little piece of the prestigious humble mutiny those include the domain favela reserved one or domain Lavoie the latter domain law was Musinga gongfu is simply the second most expensive wine in the world but we'll get back to Laura as a cult producer for itself in more details in just as we discussed in our episode about the different style variations of Pinot Noirs between different villages in Burgundy there's an entire episode dedicated to this a fascinating topic linking to it right here if you want to understand the difference between a poor mouse reverse ombre amusing even Raman etc fascinating looking to it right here now the Clos de Vougeot is the largest gongfu vineyard in Burgundy very large vineyard I think is like 80 or 100 different producers there but the one quality is vary depending on vineyards and producers quite a bit only some of the top producers with holdings in the higher parts of the floor make extremely thought after wines here and command the highest prices for clothes over show like the domain controllers a belly honey Andre LaRouche and yes again the domain lower which yes makes an outstanding crew do role wine like domain la romanée-conti they only make outstanding wines from various sites in Burgundy including in the flow division talking about those to Laura and DRC let's talk about what they are most famous for vulnerable wines just want it to give you a quick word on Claude who know some outstanding wines but let's move on to von Ramani and let's start with who have promised a few times that I will talk about here the domain you know what before we talk about romanée-conti domain Lola is owned by the former director and current shareholder of no one else then domain de la romanée-conti itself an icon of a woman she is in the world of wine her name is Lulu B's Lola she left the DLC board back in 1992 and had purchased before that in 1988 the domain shall Noella it was called at the time she changed the name to domain Laura as we know it today so a relatively new name in Burgundy but her wines command the very highest prices now in Burgundy right at the top with DRC the quality here comes from the top sites that they use of course but also a rare characteristic as the domain uses strict biodynamic principles to manage the vines the wine resellers are located in Vaughan romeny the estate counts with 23 hectares of vineyard in total and produces wines from the conquer sites of Cocteau an outlaw Boudreaux musingly Claude Lelouch Lafayette Roberta and Lucien beta itself in volume O'Neil no was Romanus and Evo invisible wines featuring the top 20 most expensive wines in the world like most of the wineries production really but let's talk about DRC a little too of course the mandala romanée-conti is possibly the most iconic wine producer in the whole entire world they do make the most expensive wine in the world uncontested or almost four decades now with their monopole gonk lavinia of the domain is named after code of course romanée-conti as an example only five thousand six hundred and seventy three bottles of romanée-conti include wine were produced in 2011 small production the wines retail somewhere from five thousand to twenty thousand dollars a bottle that's for a relatively recent vintage the domain also owns another illustris monopole of on Romany namely the own LA - well they also possess holdings in the prestigious vegetable in Houma nice and even here in vulnerable mining but they also own vineyards outside of one romani like the ashes Oh God and Morishige DRC produces seven red wines and one white and now only makes concrete wine those two names are so high in the world of wine and in von Romani that they somewhat overshadow perhaps the many outstanding other producers making iconic wines here in vulnera money I won't have time to elaborate much further about each of them here but I must quote at least the domain control Isabella Emmanuel mudiay Sylvain Katya Milka music an NGO and AF Corse and family the whole family is very significant involve Romani genre bow and arrow laughs ooh burgundy is dotted with conquering multiple vineyards fantastic concrete vineyards that make some of the best wines in the world and they belong to one single producer as a consequence the wineries that owns these specific vineyards automatically qualified as legendary producers if only for owning those sights entirely and of course making good wine fantastic wine out of them even though they also make fantastic wines from other vineyards in general so let's mention here the domaine du Clos Delambre who of course owns the entire 8 hectare of the clothes hombre con site in Maurice Antony similarly and also in Morrison Denis is the domain you close that and it's closed after multiple while the other illustris monopoles of von Romania didn't mention before our lagoon we owned by Francois La Marche and Lao money by the the Gigi Bella there are also a number of public whose dollar monopoles around burgundy including some that are among the most prestigious ones often wall vineyards or clothes that's what clue means like the club de pena that simmer so owned by domain album vivo the bone trauma conclude is useful made by domain desert Alicia do all the biggest moral vineyard in new in central that is called the clue the Marshall owned by domain Jacques Frederick many so we've talked a lot about red pinot noir wines here as they are indeed often the most collected and demanded wines from Burgundy but let's not forget the region also makes outstanding edge worthy chardonnays and some iconic producers are in fact more specialized in making whites rather than red some producers make a little bit of white here and there some producers make most of their wines as whites we must mention here the domain of flavor based in pelini mihashi of course who's more chic honk who is the uncontested most expensive white wine in the world retailing at around ten thousand dollars a bottle if that's not a winery right here the window flavor then what is the single white wine made by domaine de la romanée-conti that is also a miracie as well as the few white spider-men Levada we've talked about Aloha makes revelry mawashi Cocteau Solomon were also Lee Falacci appear in atomic all three whites by domain lo one all of those are called white wines we must also additionally mention a few important names in the world of Burgundy White's the wines by costly including top muscles and their costume Charlemagne the wines by domain harmony like their Moorish a the Chevalier mawashi botamo Oishi that they make artists who dreaming about them or Bernardo must raise Cocteau Charlemagne that's just to name a few iconic names and producers in the world of white Chardonnay wines from burgundy and I'll finish with a few names that I couldn't fit in here for the lack of time burgundy so vast and complex and must have messed many producers and I will still have after quoting those forgive me for this I've focused on some of the very best even very very best producers even though this doesn't pretend to be an exhaustive list it's difficult to be in Burgundy sorry about those I must still let's mention other names here that you must be familiar with and maybe look up further after this video domain PO so arrow Luciana lumen Luiza d'hubert Anya Jackie O Shah Pahlavi Rothstein and Pedro no Aayla so many fantastic names in Burgundy how to talk about them all but thanks for watching I'll leave it here for today I hope you've enjoyed the burgundy file finding rare wine series this fantastic journey that we had together over the past how many weeks has it been it's been fantastic if you've missed previous episodes you can catch up with them through the car links that will follow that will appear right here take care in the meantime and I will see you soon in the wonderful world of wine you

  Top Comments:
  1. @hermannfried4111 [2 likes]: Great series, thank you very much! Perfect preparation for my tasting next week and our trip to burgundy in September!
  2. @emiledumay4904 [2 likes]: Les bonnes marres ne sont pas à vosne mais sur chambolle et un peu sur Morey
  3. @PhilipConnolly-lb9vw [1 likes]: My guess is that 0.00000001% of YouTube viewers could contemplate buying one of the top wines from these domaines.
  4. @raymondprinsen9901 [1 likes]: Cros Parantoux from Jayer....?
  5. @jeanhauter7812 [1 likes]: Bernstein, bof.....expensive but not great. You could mention F.Raveneau, the king of Chablis!
  6. @jazzfrenchy4870 [1 likes]: D'Auvenay ? No ? Errr, ok.
  7. @thecoclesano [1 likes]: Excelent video.
  8. @dtp8727: Should remove the subtitles, it’s gibberish when it comes to the villages and wineries
  9. @ransomcoates546: I don’t think I heard Étienne Sauzet.
  10. @Annie-rn9lr: So well summarized! Keep up the great work! Thank you 🙏
  11. @Rawi1994: Amazing video!
  12. @burgundian_system: wine of the ordensstat
  13. @juliengoiran: If you guys want to try good wines look up AMIOT SERVELLE!
  14. @thfrencl: Great video!!
  15. @timknguyen: Missed Albert Bichot & Louis Latour as important players in Bourgogne, and Clos des Lambrays is not a Monopole
  16. @aphonos4600: Burgundy easily becomes an obsession. When it gets its claws in you, it is hard to get them out.
  17. @JamesHill_III: Excellent!
  18. @0herzog: Slow down please.
  19. @alainpaul8531: Clos des Lambrays....? LVMH.....to avoid absolutely
  20. @vedadsanta517: Armand Rouessau , the best wine in the world.

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- 8 Common WINE COLLECTING Mistakes!: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm discussing eight common wine collecting mistakes and I'm not going to mess around today so let's get right into it the first wine collecting mistake is failing to try before you buy I know it can be tempting to chase the hot new wines especially wines that have high scores from critics perhaps a new 100 point wine or a wine for which you just made the mailing list and you're very excited to load up on it but that can be extremely risky the only good wine is the wine you like in even highly acclaimed worldclass wines can be polarizing take delno amaron for example Del foro amaron always has high scores and is always well received by critics it's definitely a worldclass wine but that doesn't mean that everyone will like it indeed many people I know either love it or hate it and this applies to other wines as well not just amaron and so it's very important for you to try wines and make sure that you like it especially before you buy it in quantity so that could mean that you seek out opportunities to try particular wine either by the glass or at a tasting from your local retailer or perhaps at a winery visit if you're not able to use one of those options to try a wine before you buy it then I would probably buy one bottle just to test it out and at least do a Corvin tasting on it to see if you like it or think you might like it when it has some additional age on it of course that doesn't mean they have to taste every single vintage before you buy it if you like Lynch baj for example odds are that you'll like future vintages of Lynch baj as well so I would probably just do some quick research to make sure that there are no vintage specific problems with a particular bottle in the situation where you've tasted a particular producer's wines and enjoyed them in the past the next wine collecting mistake is buying off vintages of wine as I like to say the best is good enough when I started out wine collecting I always envisioned scenarios where my friends and I would sit down and have these vertical tastings where we had lots of consecutive vintage verticals and tried to analyze the minutia between one vintage and the next in addition when I was younger I also collected coins and baseball cards and so I liked the idea of assembling a complete set and getting as many consecutive vintage verticals of producers that I enjoyed as I could this meant for example with Don Pon that I was buying back vintages going back into the 80s and even in the 70s and some instances but unfortunately some of those bottles like the 1992 Don Pon for example were already past Peak and when I opened it I found that I was disappointed further as it turns out when we do vertical tastings of various wine producers we don't want or need consecutive vintage verticals for example earlier this year my tasting group did a 12 vintage vertical tasting of duu baiu and that night we didn't worry at all about whether or not there were consecutive vintages rather we tried to seek out the best 12 vintages that we could over the past two or three decades and that provided a much more enriching and valuable experience than if we are worried about consecutive vintages I should also mention that while I'm generally purchasing wine with an intent to enjoy it rather than resell it if you are forced to sell your wine for whatever reason you'll definitely be glad that you purchase top vintages rather than off vintages as top vintages not only AG better they appreciate more in price and they're also much easier to resell than off vintages for what it's worth I personally do have at least one exception to this policy of not buying off Vintage Wines and that is with respect to chatan dupa I found that chatan dupat tends to have very high scores in ripe vintages where the wines have a little bit less acid and they're very high in alcohol and they can sometimes get pruny with age on them so for that reason with shatan of I actually prefer to buy some of the off inages that are ready to enjoy a little bit sooner and which have a little bit more freshness and less of that pruny characteristic the next wine collecting mistake is over Reliance on high scores from critics when you're making purchasing decisions it's always nice to be able to tell someone that you're sharing a bottle of wine with that that particular bottle has a score that's in the high 90s or maybe even a perfect 100 Point score but not all scores are created equal there's some critics that have a bit of grade inflation and have very high scores whereas other critics could be very tough graders and have very low scores that may not sound impressive at all so my recommendation would be to try to find a Critic whose pallet aligns most closely with yours that could be either a Critic that's known for high scores or low scores if you're able to find a particular critic whose pallet aligns with your own I would just rely on that person's recommendations without worrying so much about what the numeric score is or without worrying about reviews from other critics whose pallet may not align so well with your own one example of this is one of my friends really enjoys James suckling's recommendations and has found that his pallet aligns very closely with Mr suckling but there's plenty of other people who think that Mr suckling's scores are too high and who don't like Mr suckling's wine recommendations but instead prefer recommendations from critics like Jeb dunck or or someone else in my videos when I discuss particular wines my goal is to try to include as many critic scores as I can find so that regardless of which particular critic you align yourself with you'll be able to see that score at a glance as you're watching the video the next wine collecting mistake is over buying and this applies not only to your overall bottle count but to individual producers and specific bottles of wine as well with respect to the overall bottle count for example I know some wine collectors who are in their 60s and have 5,000 bottles of wine or more and are still buying more wine every week or every month if you have 5,000 bottles in your collection and you go through a bottle a day even if you don't buy any more wine it will still take you more than 13 years to get through all those bottles and if you only drink one bottle of wine every other day it will take you over 27 years to get through those wines so definitely consider how many wines you can reasonably consume when you're making your purchasing decisions this also applies to bottles and vintages as well once you get a larger collection it's nice to be able to diversify and try a number of different wines rather than drinking the same wine all the time so it's somewhat unusual for me to drink one particular wine more than three or four times a year regardless of how much I enjoy it so for that reason I don't buy wine by the case for the most part anymore and I'll instead typically buy three or maybe four bottles of a particular wine of course there are still occasional exceptions to this but it doesn't happen very often I think the last time I bought more than four bottles of a particular wine it may have been a wine like the 2016 protator Del barbaresco which sold for less than $40 a bottle and was a wine that I absolutely loved and which I know is extremely age worthy so for that one I probably bought a case and a half or so in in strong vintage is I also tend to buy more than four bottles of donon because I like to age it for a long period of time and I tend to go through that a little bit more quickly especially once it get some age on it but for the vast majority of wines I'll typically Buy in quantities of no more than three or four bottles per wine if you're interested in wine recommendations wine collecting strategies and learning more about wine please do subscribe to my channel I've been collecting wine for more than 15 years and also have a level four diploma from the W so I have both formal certification as well as substantial practical Knowledge from the School of Hard KNX most viewers of this channel are well aware that wine should be stored in climate controlled situations such as a wine seller or off-site wine storage however I'm still surprised at how many people are less Vigilant when it comes to the pre-acquisition circumstances under which their wine was stored for example a number of people may go to the store and purchase an older vintage of wine but it could be a situation where that particular bottle has been in the part of the store that's just on regular shelf and which is not climate controlled and it could have been even positioned in an upright manner where the cork is not maintained in contact with the wine if you're talking about a Bordeaux for example now you might be able to find a Bordeaux from the 2018 vintage or perhaps the 2016 vintage that hasn't sold but especially if you live in a state like Florida or Texas where it gets very warm in the summer and the store may not have their air condition running overnight I would definitely be very careful about buying such a bottle especially if you find it in an upright position as there's a very high risk that it could be no good at that point similarly I think people also underestimate the risk of transporting wine home from the store for example be very careful about putting wine in your trunk especially in the hot summer it doesn't take very long for the trunk to get extremely warm so definitely if it's a warm time of year and you're bringing wine home from the store be sure to put it in the back seat where it's subject to the air conditioning and not in the trunk where it could get to temperatures of more than 100 degrees or so and of course it's important to take precautions when having wines shipped as well for example in Texas where I live I typically don't receive wine that I intend to age for a long period of time except for months through say mid November until about at the end of April or so other than that it's generally not safe to ship unless you have a cold chain or other climate controlled storage solution that will help it to ensure safe transport I also recommend having wine shipped on Monday so that it doesn't end up in a storage facility or on a truck over the weekend the next wine collecting mistake is to buy wines through wine clubs in the United States visits to wineries are very different from visits to wineries in other parts of the world World such as France or other parts of Europe in Bordeaux for example most of the producers don't even sell their wine direct to Consumer when you visit the property in contrast in the United States most wineries are all about trying to get consumers to purchase wine either through their mailing list or through a wine club when you're making a visit well that's certainly understandable I think it's a mistake for people to sign up for clubs when they have no control over what is shipped and and all too often I see wine clubs where the winery has total control over what is shipped and the customer just agrees to buy a certain number of bottles either per month per quarter or per year and they don't even have any say about what wines they're purchasing so this is the best way I know to end up with a lot of wine that you don't need or you don't want so definitely have more say in your purchasing decisions and don't just turn over total control to someone who's in charge of a wine club the next common wine collecting mistake is being unorganized in not having a good handle on your inventory there's nothing worse than having a nice bottle of wine but having that bottle end up in the back of your Cellar or otherwise forgetting about it such that by the time that you locate it it's already past Peak and it's a disappointing drinking experience the best way to prevent that is using seller management software seller management software can be invaluable indefinitely help to prevent the situation where you lose track of some of your wines for example oftentimes when I don't have a particular preference about what I'll drink on a particular evening I'll run a time to drink up report in my seller management software and then get a list of options that I can enjoy in the near term to help ensure that I'm not waiting too long to open a particular bottle seller management software also comes in useful if you're trying to keep track of your costs for purposes of tax write offs or in the situation where your collection's grown and you have wine Insurance in that instance the insurance carrier is going to want a complete list of your collection and if you have seller management software it's easy to just generate that with the Press of a button if you don't and you have to generate that manually that's going to be a major league pain in the butt and it's going to take you a very long time to create it just like waiting too long to drink a particular wine can be a wine collecting mistake so too can drinking a wine too soon of course people should drink their wine whenever they want to drink it but if you're talking about a highly collectible wine such as a first growth Bordeaux that's capable of Aging for substantial periods of time and which will become much more complex with a decade or two of age on it in my view it's a mistake to drink that wine especially within the first couple years of release at that point it's going to be mostly primary fruit there's going to be lots of Oak influence and it's going to have an incredible amount of structure when I'm tasting wines from Bordeaux on prur for example most of those wines are not even very enjoyable and I definitely used the spit bucket far more frequently than I would with wines that have more age on them they're really not even very enjoyable at that point this is one reason why producers like lure have begun to age their wine at the winery and hold it until they think that it's ready to be enjoyed so for example the current release of lure is 2015 so this will give you some idea of how long you need to age those wines before they're even in the early portion of their drinking window in many instances with these highly collectible wines it's only with substantial additional bottle aging that these wines become truly special and worthy of their lofty price tags if you don't want to wait that long I would definitely recommend buying wines that are more enjoyable when they're younger there's plenty of those options available as well

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevenholt4936 [10 likes]: Good tips, John. I would add this: find a wine merchant whose buyers you trust - I buy almost exclusively from the Wine Society these days, having used many over the years.
I agree about off vintages: one of the most disappointing experiences for me was tasting Lafite from an off year. However, more fruit forward years can be very useful. For example, I am drinking 2014 clarets at the moment (a Beaumont this weekend) whilst waiting for the '10s, '15s, '16s, '18s and '19s to mature.
Over-buying is so tempting. I have stopped buying en primeur (I am 68) and so my modest collection of 700 or so should diminish gracefully along with its owner over time. Mind you, my mum is over 100 and still going, so perhaps I will come to regret this decision. 
I record all my purchases on a simple Exel spreadsheet, along with its purchase price, drinking window, remaining stock, who I drank each bottle with, with what foods and my comments. I find that is sufficient for my needs.
Also, I agree about buying smaller quantities - my recent purchases have all been in either threes or sixes. I do like to check on the progress of particular wines over time, so for Bordeaux, for example, I stick to half cases usually. 
Lastly, as we rarely get Texas weather here in the UK, that point is less of an issue, although I would say that proper storage is still very important; I keep my wines ready for drinking in a chiller cabinet at home and the rest in the merchant's cellars.
  2. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [3 likes]: I learned from you and advise all my friends “do not buy cases of wine” now I buy only 3 bottles max I buy 6 bottles of each vintage…..I am your friend with three cellars with more than 5000 bottles of wine.
  3. @viniciusmagnoni6492 [2 likes]: Why the Veyron? 🤣
  4. @wakes_inc [2 likes]: I'm guilty of 1, 3, and 4, although I've cut back massively on putting too much weight on scores.
  5. @winemoneysong [2 likes]: All great points! Never, ever ship wine during very warm periods. I remember when I worked for Chateau & Estate in NY we had a shipment of 1982 Bordeaux that got stuck at the docks because of a longshoreman work action. The wine sat for days in ninety plus weather and we had to ship back a few hundred cases of wine.
  6. @yriafehtivan [2 likes]: "Critic known for high scores" Ah, Luca Maroni.
  7. @jameslin1062 [2 likes]: Love your videos and your recommendations!
  8. @Lookingforwine [2 likes]: I still find people who pretend to be wine collectors who claim that older wine is better. And then they are surprised when they open a bottle of wine "deceased" years ago.
  9. @angusmcmillan8981 [2 likes]: Another thought is not to be too attentive to drinking windows, especially for those lucky enough to have cellars. Last year my Godson turned 30 and in his honour we opened half a dozen 1992 wines that certainly weren’t meant to last that long - but there were NO disappointments, including a Riesling Kabinett from Muller Catoir in the Pfalz.
  10. @joeydecarlo2532 [2 likes]: Great video!

Wondering if you could offer some advice. For my birthday recently my wife got me a few nice bottles of Bordeaux. How long do you recommend aging each of these before we open them? They are: 2018 Labegorce Margaux, 2018 Branaire Ducru, 2014 Grand Puy Lacoste, and 2010 Léoville Barton (this one was special!)
  11. @Sognamal [1 likes]: What if I like every wine that isn't faulty
  12. @Master_of_sum [1 likes]: Do you put much weight into CellarTracker scores?
  13. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Love your recommendations… I agree with you wine insurance by Chubb / pure is great and love cellar tracker
  14. @renderwood [1 likes]: Good points! Only comment on CT's Ready to Drink reports that are based on US-originated-user's drinking window-estimations :) According to that massive amount of my wines are been past drinking window for 5-10 years, but that just is not the case. I am also fan of long verticals of same wine, often we also include the off vintages, but if the wine was 20-50€ when purchased, is not as bad was with more expensive wines.
  15. @garganega [1 likes]: "Regardless of how much I enjoy them." Just drink it is the wine industry's message.
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: Great advice, thanks
  17. @welshtoro3256 [1 likes]: Great video John. I pretty much agree with everything. We recently touched on the issue of sorting out your cellar and making sure you don't forget what you have. That's very important so not to leave things too long. That also leads into the size of a collection. Collecting is a hobby but you can't take your bottles to the grave. I think we both said we have to keep an eye on it

Buying by case is a tricky one. I never do it if I can avoid it but sometimes you must. I recently bought a vintage Alta 904 (2004) and it was only available from a prestigous retailer I trust selling in case and bond. Older vintages of quality stuff are often only on sale in the U.K like this. When it comes to more modest fair I will always buy a bottle to try before spurging on more. These days I find that I'm buying more from smaller, very interesting producers, often organic and/or low intervention, which fly well below the more established wine radar and there are some real gems. They're definately one at a time.
  18. @craigmetcalfe1749 [1 likes]: Hey JJ! If I may weigh in or as we say in Australia, "Belly up to the Bar!". I once was invited to a vertical tasting of 12 successive Penfolds 389 (aka The Poor Man's Grange) vintages. For me and my friends, it was a real eye opener! Some vintages were peaking, others were yet to peak and still others were nowhere near their peak. I agree with trusting your own palate and I maintain a tasting diary just for this purpose. One mistake related to highly scored wines are that the scorers may not only be famous but work in collaboration. I rejected a lot of wine at a recent tasting just because (as my wife reminded me...lets taste it first before getting carried away). Thanks JJ! Between you and my wife, I believe I am in good hands!!
  19. @peterpuck888: I’ve never made a wine collection mistake.   They are gone within a few months.  Problem solved.
  20. @stfrideswide: So.. store in the Rolls, not the Bugatti... Got it!

- 6 Pro Tips for Collecting Wine, 2 Big Wine Mistakes You Need to Avoid, & Does Decanting Even Matter?: Kind: captions Language: en so [Music] in this episode we're going to identify six essential categories of wine you'll need to have for a successful wine collection by the end of this video you'll be prepared for any occasions whether it's a casual meal friends and family coming over outdoor grilling a formal dinner party or any number of holidays on your holiday calendar by the way at any time if you like what you hear click like and consider subscribing are you ready for the six categories number one keep on hand the basic grape varietals the basic grape varietals of wine which you want are for the whites chardonnay sauvignon blanc and pinot grigio now for the reds you have cabernet sauvignon and pinot noir category number two is the remaining noble grapes now there are 18 noble grapes nine of them are white and nine of them are red now i say remaining noble grapes because the five varietals we identified in our first category are actually all noble grapes so in addition to those for the whites the noble grapes we still need are listed here for the reds you need these the third category is classic old world wines now these are traditional and timeless you want to dedicate some space for these varietals from the old world remember old world wines these are generally anything from europe they're traditionally blends while new world wines which would be anything from outside of europe have traditionally been produced with a single varietal now although in recent years many new worldwides are producing blends several examples would include selections from france such as some reds from beaujolais bordeaux's selection from the rhone river valley like the chatean of the pop and syrahs also burgundy's pinot noir and some wonderful reds from italy some quick examples would be uh san giovese from tuscany marani del val paciello some brunello some chianti and a barolo a beautiful tempranillo rioja alta from spain and some uh blau frankish from austria as we jump over to the whites we've got phenomenal wines from bordeaux white blends saw turns and simeone a burgundy has chardonnay and chablis which is a chardonnay the loire valley brings their fabulous sauvignon blanc plus sonsair and several others a couple of other abutes are from france include gewurztraminer from all says france and uh peekapol's from italy we find pinot grigios verdicchio and gave now out of spain you can select from uh priyarats vino verdes and verdejos you've got gruner v liners from austria and riesling's from germany see as you can see you can select from a ton of world-class classic wines if you want to get a better handle on the old world versus the new world thing you might want to check out my video how to tell the difference between old world versus new world wines wow we've covered a lot in a short amount of time has this information been helpful if it is please let me know or just write asti in the comments below now category number four we might call the new world modern options or maybe seem better as just plain modern options the wines we have in this category will be a complement to the old world classics we had in category number three these are the go-to wines that virtually everybody likes and expects a good way to go about this is to focus on very particular areas of the world that are each known for very particular new world wines like napa and its cabs chardonnays from the russian river valley uh this is sort of nestled between sonoma and and napa you also have pinot noirs from oregon's willamette valley marlboro australia's sauvignon blanc a rose from france malbecs from argentina and california's zinfandels category number five we can call the comfy cozy wines they're comfy cozy wines because everybody knows them and they're mass marketed virtually everybody is comfortable with them you can cozy up with a book or as you're catching up with your emails plus you can get these things virtually anywhere you know in a wine shop in your local grocery store on my website virtually anywhere that sells above average wines a couple of quick examples on the labels would be for instance rodney strong kim crawford hess robert mondavi's selections kendall jackson josh sellers myomi louis giardo bonfi gilgal chaputier this brings us to category six the final category which we can call uh exploration wines if you're one of the adventurous creative and daring winos these wines are right up your alley these are for people who are tired of the overdone extremely popular comfy cozy wines they're for the people who want to broaden their wine selection these are the serendipities of life wines you come across these as a recommendation from a friend or you see their labels in the store online and it just strikes you they seem to just jump off the the shelf at you these wines are really cool because you get all geeked up and passionate about them and tell your friends and have them over and they get all geeked up with you those are great wines and great finds part of the fun of of those wines is that you get to be known by your friends for your interesting unusual and phenomenal lines so let's just say you find yourself at a restaurant and there's a wine that you see on the menu and you take a chance order it and you just love it what you do is take a picture of the label and come by my site to see if you can find it as you collect your wine remember there's no one size fits all how you mix all these together is purely your call i've given you the guidelines now pick and choose what's comfortable for you blend your palette and your pocketbook and you'll do just fine have you ever seen someone in a restaurant pour wine into a decanter and you think that's a little bit too much show for me or think does it make that much difference they're going to be drinking that wine in about two seconds by the time you finish with this video you'll understand the importance of decanting your wine and start maximizing your wines aromas and flavors we're going to look at number one what is decanting two do you need to decant all your wines number three what is the best shape for a wine decanter and number four we'll look at several types of decanters what is decanting decanting is centuries old the romans let their decanted wine sit out for hours believing it brought out the wines aromas and mellowed its harsh tannins they were actually spot on that's pretty much what it does a decanting wine is essentially the process of pouring the contents from the bottle into another vessel a decanter typically the wine is then served from the decanter now generally speaking the canning serves two purposes number one it separates the wine from sediment that may have formed in the bottle and number two it gets air or oxygen to the wine so its aromas and flavors will be more vibrant when it's served the canning accelerates the breathing process which increases the wines aromas and flavors that it gets from both the grapes and oak barrels it also softens the taste of the tannins that cause harshness and astringency in young red wines now to understand a little bit more about what i mean by breathing or the breathing process check out my video letting your wine breathe number two do you decant all wines the simplest rule of thumb is to cat wines that are red old and bold to be fair there really aren't many wines that get worse with the canning as far as white wines are concerned when white wines are vinified or produced in contact with their skins then decanting may improve them the same way it improves many red wines any skin contact wines will benefit the canning softens their tannins also to warm up a white wine coming straight out of the fridge pour it into a room temperature decanter now when it comes to wines in general the rule of thumb that i mentioned earlier is the way to go both old and bold wines will benefit from decanting but for different reasons the reason for decanting old wine is to remove the juice from the sediment that has collected in the bottom over time this is a good idea for reds five or six years old or older to decant these aged reds you've been storing it on its side so what you want to do is you want to stand the bottle straight up for several hours or even a day before consumption this lets the sediment fall to the bottom when pouring your wine pour your wine slowly into the decanter tilt the bottle and stop pouring when you see the sediment or cloudiness reach the shoulder or the neck the sediment will get settled right here these bottles are designed to do this now to understand more about this you might want to check out my video wine bottles the big three bordeaux burgundy and alsace now don't try to pour past the sediment you'll end up with a bunch of sediment in your glass and that's not so good with these older wines older than five or six years old once the juice is removed from the sediment the decanting process is over and the wine is ready to drink now now listen to this this is really important don't leave your old wines out to breathe this will shorten its consumption window now for big bold young reds the purpose of the canning is different it's to introduce oxygen to the wine when it comes in contact with oxygen the aromas and flavors become stronger making it easier to assess and enjoy when you decant young bold reds pour the wine quickly let the wine get plenty of air mixed into it like this you see how quickly i'm doing this you're letting a lot of oxygen get in oxygen will cause tannins to soften up making an aggressive wine much easier to drink after an hour or so with the air i really recommend that you decant most young reds especially bold varieties like cabs syrah and nibiolos now some wines can be stored overnight in your decanter but for older wines if you don't finish them you really need to return them to the bottle now here's another rule of thumb regarding decanting your wines if you start off with a good wine the canning it takes it too very good the canning and letting it sit or rest takes it to great and decanting it and letting it open up for an hour or so maximizes the flavors and your experience how are you doing there are you getting a pretty good handle on this whole decanting thing if you are pause the video for a moment and let me know by writing asti in the comments below so number three is what's the best shape for wine to canter if your main goal is aeration to get air to the wine then a wide neck decanter is recommended this will allow more oxygen to get into the decanter so that the wine aerates faster and more effectively they're definitely easier to clean than thin neck versions wide neck decanters are the most popular and will work well with most wine drinkers the size of the opening will obviously determine how much air and therefore oxygen is going to reach the wine but that isn't the only measurement that counts the size of the decanter bowl is very important the bowl is the bottom part of the decanter where the wine sits the more wine surface area there is the more contact between the wine and the oxygen the greater the surface area the less time you'll need to decant your wine number four types of wine decanters i'm going to show you very quickly a wide variety of different kinds of decanters you'll see two different things as you look at the different decanters number one is the form versus number two the function said another way do you want your decanter to look really cool or do you want it to be effective and work well as we look at them you want to apply the two principles that we looked at earlier number one broad opening and number two large bowl you'll see these initial decanters are much more functional they're more traditional decanters they have the wider openings and broader bowls some of the very broad bowl decanters that you we see here can be very awkward you almost have to turn the decanter upside down to get the last glass of wine out of it i don't care for those very much but they're very effective now these are more modern contemporary decanters you'll also find decanters of every shape form and size if a piece of glass can be blown and formed in a way to hold liquid it could end up being a decanter now that's not to say that it would be a functional decanter but it could be a decanter some of these more modern shapes are very popular and make a visual statement as you serve your wine so we just saw a very small sampling of some decanters to give you an idea of what's out there let me show you what i do my lifestyle is a little bit more casual yet i want to be able to maximize the aromas and flavors of my wine even though i have a more traditional decanter i tend to like the french in an italian country motif when decanting my wine for dinner or just getting together with friends i'll use a broad mouth broad bowl pitcher for me it's all about allowing the wine to maximize its aromas and flavors but still have something that visually expresses my personality as far as cleaning your decanters they're all relatively easy to clean some are actually easier than others you definitely want to check out my video how to care for your wine decanter now getting the most out of our wine is really not rocket science drinking wine is enjoyable and can be a lot of fun but i really believe there's a handful of things really simple things that we can do that will make it even more enjoyable once you know what these mistakes are you'll see how simple it will be to remedy them most of us don't have enough cabinet space to have all the right glasses for all the different wines we drink the solution is don't worry about it if you want to taste all the nuances in your glass of wine the exact right glass can make a difference but to simplify things you might want to just keep on hand red wine glasses white wine glasses and champagne flutes red wine glasses are designed with bigger bowls so more wine can be in contact with the air and allow it to open up white wine glasses are narrower and keep the aromas and flavors more focused the flutes also keep the bubbles and flavors confined and focused that's good by the way with your different glasses you want to hold your champagne glasses or flutes and your white wine glasses by the stems it's okay to cradle your red wine glasses to allow the warmth of your hand to open up the red wine you see how i'm doing this now for more about wine glasses check out my video it'll be available at the end of this episode pair wine with the right foods i have more in-depth video on this this particular topic which you can watch by clicking here for now i'll just focus on cheese because many people think it's the the quintessential thing to do for romantic occasion or a wine tasting red wine plus cheese but the fact of the matter is it doesn't do justice to either the wine or the cheese especially with reds if you really love both your wine and your cheese think about this cheese can have a lot of acidity particularly goat and sheep cheese oh oh yeah and and hard cheeses also now when you match those cheeses which does not have the same acidity as a red wine particularly big reds those have quite a bit of tannins and alcohol what's going to happen is the differentiation between acidity and tannins and alcohol levels are all going to clash it's going to to dry out your wine and it's going to completely dry out your cheese it's not a perfect match now the main reason cheese is so popular with red wine is because if you're not a big red or big gigantic tananic red wine drinker then the cheese will soften the wine's tannins this is like adding cream or milk to your tea or your coffee that neutralizes the harsh tannins in the coffee and especially your tea so if you're at a party or a restaurant and all they're serving is big tananic red wines then actually shame on them but i'll go ahead and grab a piece of cheese hey posse thanks so much for investing the time to watch this video i trust it was helpful to you if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and please consider hitting subscribe also click here to check out our new online shop we have a great lineup of wine related items that will help you get the most out of your wine experience oh and be sure to check out these other videos until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @AstiWines: Which of the two mistakes bothers you more?
  2. @bartp4788: asti
  3. @angelaspielbusch1237: Super helpful!❤
  4. @brendonloxton: Asti
  5. @fasbe9: Asti -you help me a lot.
  6. @FXFrank-py2jy: Again, quality information -- well presented =  ++
  7. @marshallhao6819: Thank you! Really helpful in allowing me to quickly understand the theory and dos and donts for decanting! .
  8. @burrybags5872: Love unusual decanters and thin glasses 😍
  9. @3G-YTravel: Thank you

- Wine Bottles, Layering Your Collection, 3 Myths About Serving Wine, & How to Know if a Wine is Great: Kind: captions Language: en these bottles are called the burgundy bordeaux and alsace bottles here we're going to look at three things number one we're going to look at each bottle individually two why they're designed the way they are and number three some of the wines that traditionally fill them [Music] as we get into the different types and shapes of bottles it's important to note that different shapes will stack in wine racks a little bit differently this means you'll need to know the different types of wine racks to use or to buy so that way your wine bottles don't fall out or slide out of the wine racks you'll get a better idea of what i mean by this as you see and think about the different bottle shapes actually you might want to make note of that video types of wine racks generally the names of many wine bottles come from various french wine regions because france is where many wine and wine bottles found their origin while there are hundreds even thousands of different bottle shapes most wine makers choose to go with one of the big three that's where we'll be spending the next few minutes the big three are burgundy bordeaux and alsace or also known as the mozelle bottle wine bottles here we go the first bottle is the burgundy bottle we'll start with the burgundy bottle because that's the first place in france where a bottle became standardized about 300 years ago this bottle features gently sloping shoulders and a slightly wider body than the rest of the wine bottles these are called low shoulders originally green now this comes in a variety of colors you'll find both red and white wines in this particular bottle the low shoulders exist simply because 300 years ago the design was easier for glassmakers to create for 300 years the red grape and burgundy was and still is the pinot noir the white grape is chardonnay by the way did you hear that little trick of the trade to take the mystery out of french wines 90 to 95 of the time you see a red wine from burgundy it's a pinot noir and a white wine from burgundy is a chardonnay as these two popular grapes spread across the world so did the burgundy nowadays most red wines with a flavor profile similar to pinot noir which is light bright and complex uses this style of bottle examples of other reds are pinot noir game nibiolo syrah grenache and one of my personal favorites blah frankish examples of white are chardonnay pui fousey chablis soncer and vienne the second is the bordeaux bottle this bottle is straight and tall in structure what sets the bordeaux bottle apart from the burgundy bottle is the bottle's distinctive shoulders they have high shoulders the shoulders were created for a reason they were created in order to catch sediment as you slowly poured your wine into your glass see sediment is caught right here the bordeaux bottle is the most used bottle among wine makers in the world today the two most popular red wines in the world are cabernet sauvignon and merlot they're bottled into the bordeaux bottle other red grapes are malbec meritage zinfandel italian reds and super tuscans as far as white wines you have sauvignon blanc shin blanc simeone pinot grigio pinot gris bordeaux blends and and hundreds of others the third of the big three is the alsatian bottle it's also known as the moselle bottle this bottle came into existence shortly after the bordeaux bottle it's taller and thinner than the other bottles with gently sloping shoulders and a long neck it's more delicate than the burgundy or bordeaux bottle counterparts it was originally created to be thin for transporting and storing riesling as the wines were being taken down the rhine river in france the bottles needed to be slender in order to fit as many bottles as possible in the hull of the small river ships other wines using this bottle are the gerversh demeanor and very frequently sweet wines and roses those were the big three check out the video wine bottles champagne rhone fortified and provence bottles oh also there's that other video i mentioned earlier types of wine racks it may prove to be helpful to you also well there you have it everything you need to know about the big three wine bottles the burgundy bordeaux and alsace bottles and the wines that go in them use it to your advantage and let me know if you have any questions the first thing we're going to look at is the purpose of layering it's actually pretty simple and straightforward all layering your wine means is that you have different ways or places to store your wine based on their cost or quality actually most of you may already be doing this and you're coming by it naturally actually let me back up a second uh in several of my other videos i've talked about how most wine is really ready to drink the day you buy it it'll be good up to three or four years for white wines and five or six years for red wines some of the better wines you collect of course will last much longer than that we recognize for most of us our wine is for personal consumption and for some of it's it's for investment no matter whether it's for personal consumption or investment reasons the better wine needs to be handled a little bit differently layering keeps your wines organized allows you to have an adequate supply around and helps you manage your costs it makes it easy to see what you need so that when you're ready to buy buy more wine you can buy the right quantities that will maximize your discounts now that you get the purpose of layering let's walk through the details of layering in other words what are the actual layers you need to have a lot of this is based on the configuration of your home as i've said before and i'll continue to say one size does not fit all so you may need to make some minor adaptations to my suggestions depending on the particular setup you have okay so the first layer is made up of convenient reds and whites you want to keep about a half dozen to a dozen bottles of wine in your kitchen for everyday drinking the reds will go in the kitchen or a convenient wine rack and several whites will go in the fridge you'll restock these regularly from the basement or from your other storage options layer two is made up of white wines here you can use a small wine refrigerator or a small or medium-sized regular refrigerator to hold your whites and your sparkling wines it's always a good idea to have two to three cases chilled especially in the long dog days of summer if you're using a refrigerator you might want to to include a couple of cases of traditional or craft beer can you believe i said that beer geez what's this world coming to well hey so far has this information been helpful if it has please tell me or just write asti in the comments below layer 3 is made up of both reds and whites in and below your sweet spot layer 4 is made up of wines above your sweet spot these are wines that you handle with a little extra tlc layer 3 and 4 make up the lion's share of your wine collection here you'll have some wooden or wire racks or have a full blown wine cellar while these wines are in the same space you want to differentiate the two layers that way it makes it easier for you or someone else who's unfamiliar with what you have to grab something without having to check your inventory logs whether they're on the computer or a hard copy someplace in your wine space you want to keep the temperature at a constant 54 to 58 degrees you'll rarely fill the space to capacity and most of the wines will be consumed within one to three years it also acts as a holding area for new purchases of all categories of wine due to the space constraints some of you may have to put layers two in the same space as three and four again make sure you have a clear organization that indicates the three different layers well there you have it everything you need to know about layering your wine collection myth number one your wine glass needs to be aesthetically and functionally perfect for the wine to taste just right folks you really need to have a look at my two videos about the shape and types of both white wine and red wine glasses in the first part of this video you'll get just a taste of what i really go deep into in those two other videos for our purpose today it's not all that important to have a different shape wine glass for your white wines having a single glass to use for both reds and whites makes life a whole lot simpler i call this glass this single glass a universal glass mine's a little oversized you can use a standard red wine glass if you want the universal universal glass is what i prefer even with the uh the sparkling wines it allows you the universal glass allows you to put your nose into the glass so that you can smell the beautiful characteristics and aromas of the sparkling wine and this actually holds true for both ports and cherries for these three don't just fill the glass quite as full now i love the universal glass is as we swirl the wine around you'll see that this glass is a perfect shape for the maximizing of your pleasure it really allows the the wine to be released and it's aromas to be released ideally you would like to have the opening to this as small as possible but big enough to get this big old italian nose inside this to smell so there you go myth number one you must own a whole variety and shapes and sizes of perfect glasses wrong that's busted now for myth number two it goes something like this when at a restaurant the server has you taste some of the the wine to see if you like it this is a big myth you have already chosen the wine the assumption is you chose it because you the little tasting ritual the server goes through is not about whether you like the wine it's about whether the wine is clean you're not giving your opinion on the wine's flavor you're examining the health of the wine for more on how to to excel in this awkward ritual check out my video on what not to do in a restaurant so when the server brings you the wine are you checking to see if you like it no bust it how are you doing there is this information helpful making sense if it is write busted in the comments below myth number three smell the cork this one is a great one i love this one we've all been to restaurants where the server brings you the wine that you've ordered then they present the bottle to you open the bottle then put the cork on the table let me ask you what do you think a cork in a wine bottle smells like it's going to smell like a cork the thing we're supposed to be doing is to see whether or not the wine is good and to make sure it doesn't smell corked we'll learn about what that means in another video so many people smell the cork to make sure that the wine doesn't smell like cork does this make sense no the reality is the cork will tell you very little about your wine and how it's going to taste what you want to do is look at the wine stained on the cork to see if the wine is healthy to learn how to do this you'll want to watch that video that i was talking about earlier what not to do at a restaurant now when it comes to the three myths in short you don't need the perfect glass your server isn't asking you if you like the wine and you don't need to smell the well there you have it we just busted three wine myths remember if you want to be certified as a nasty wine consultant official wine mythbuster check out the details in the description below i have friends that say i can definitely tell the difference between a red wine and a white wine i know that they look different and they taste different anything beyond that doesn't make any sense to me besides i can't tell a good wine from a bad wine they all taste the same to me how do you know the difference good from bad that's what we're going to look at and learn about we're going to see why one wine is better than another we're going to look at the five qualities that make up a wine those qualities that take a good wine to a great wine is varietal character this is when a young wine that's been made from a single grape varietal presents its inherent grape aromas and flavors in a straightforward clear and focused way let me give you an example on how this works with something that we are a little bit more familiar with most of us can tell the difference in both taste and smell between a couple of red apples a fuji and a gala apple same thing with red grapes there's a difference between cabernet sauvignon and pinot noir or actually a couple of green apples a granny smith and a golden delicious and two green grapes a chardonnay and a sauvignon blanc grape each apple and each grape has its own smell and taste that's varietal character the second thing we're going to look at is integration this is when the components of a wine like the acid tannins and alcohol are so interwoven that no one characteristic or component stands out all the components have come together in a harmonious fusion actually you might want to check out one of my other videos how to taste wines the components there we deal with acid tannins alcohol and the other components getting back to integration this is the bedrock upon which all judgment rests an average or good wine presents itself like a star in your mouth you can taste each point of the star the acidity the tannins the distinctive oak by comparison a wonderful or great wine has all the components integrated together the wine presents itself like a sphere in your mouth so that you hear people say that the wine is round it's so harmonious you cannot easily grab onto any single component or point of the star integration is when the components are so interwoven that one characteristic or component does not stand out the third thing is expressiveness some would call this intensity this is the quality of wine presents when its aromas and flavors are well defined and clearly projected this has to do with both the nose or the smell and the palate or the flavor or taste of the wine is it easy or difficult to smell and taste what's in the glass some wine seem to jump out of the glass at you they're clear and focused these are expressive wines while other wines seem muddled or diffused we might call these wines shy you know think of it this way a picture on an out of focus black and white tv with an old antenna would be shy compared to the same image on a 5g color tv that image would be clear focused expressive information making sense if it is write asti in the comments below the fourth thing is complexity this is a little difficult to explain this is not a thing but more like a phenomenon with a complex wine you don't think in terms of the single characteristics like it's fruit flavors or acidity like we talked about earlier but there's something about that wine that's compelling after you've tasted there's something that pulls you back or that draws you back to the wine and compels you to have another smell or take another sip because each time you do you find something different something new have you ever been to a movie read a book or experienced a piece of art where after seeing the movie sometime later a scene pops into your head for no apparent reason and a day or two later a different scene pops up you know you think what does that mean or you think about a scene and realize it could have had a different meaning than i had originally interpreted it there's something about that movie or book that keeps drawing you back frequently a complex wine is said to have layers there's a little something different on each sip that keeps drawing you back for more all that is what's involved in the wine's complexity the fifth quality is connectedness or topicity this is perhaps the most elusive of the qualities and the most difficult quality for many people to wrap their heads around it's the bond between the grape and the plot of land it was grown on or born in there are two pieces to this number one is the degree a wine demonstrates the characteristics of the grape the varietal character the granny smith apple of the grape plus number two the degree it reflects the place or region of the world the grape comes from a grape varietal from a different region of the country or part of the world will taste different than the same grape varietal from a different part of the world the taste difference is because they grew in a different place with different climate different soil different elevation and other factors let's apply that to a wine you might say maybe a pinot noir from burgundy france and a pinot noir from the willamette valley oregon if you take your time and give it a little thought you'll taste the difference they'll taste like number one the varietal pinot noir but you'll also be able to taste a slight difference because of number two the place they're from as you intentionally drink more wine you begin to taste what the pinot noir from burgundy is supposed to taste like so when you taste a pinot from burgundy you ask yourself is this a good representation a moderate representation or a poor representation of a pinot grape from putting these two together is connectedness well there you have it the five pieces of the puzzle determining the difference between a good wine and a great wine you've got everything you need to know about how to taste wine and what makes wine a great wine hey posse thanks so much for investing the time to watch this video i trust it was helpful to you if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and please consider hitting subscribe also click here to check out our new online shop we have a great lineup of wine related items that will help you get the most out of your wine experience oh and be sure to check out these other videos until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @panaceiasuberes6464 [1 likes]: The world of wine needs this channel to thrive: no fuss and relaxed unsnobbish accuracy.
  2. @funnelbeaker9839 [1 likes]: I appreciate your advise on layering, In my wine cellar I have so far sorted the wines after origin (country, district). Do you consider this vise?  And how about sorting  the wines after grape variety?
  3. @funnelbeaker9839 [1 likes]: Good stuff, very well presented .
  4. @donstock6602 [1 likes]: Good stuff in all the segments
  5. @michaelblum3973 [1 likes]: great advice, as always.
  6. @ronaldyan8198 [1 likes]: Busted
  7. @kuameandrew9554: Busted
  8. @kuameandrew9554: Asti
  9. @anonymouspiggy603: True hidden gem of wine youtube channels
  10. @RajaMonza: Busted 😅

- 10 WINE MISTAKES & How to AVOID THEM like a Master.: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm constantinbaum master of wine and from the outside one of them seems complicated or even intimidating so i want to share with you how to avoid the following 10 mistakes in order to enjoy one like a master well that sounded a bit corny but you know what i mean so let's go wine mistake number one drinking white wines too cold and red wines too warm i've been talking about this issue for ages but no one seems to be listening white ones are usually stored in the fridge while red wines are stored somewhere in an apartment white wines are therefore often poured at six degrees celsius which is way too cold and red wines are often put at 20 25 30 degrees celsius depending on the weather which is way too warm what i would recommend is take your white wine out of the fridge like 30 minutes before you want to serve it well you should actually put your red wine into the fridge half an hour to an hour before you want to pop the cork i actually often drink my whites and my rats at the same temperature because they're all stored down here in the cellar so they're at around 16 degrees celsius when i take them out i would recommend serving most red wines at 17 degrees celsius where you should serve most white wines at 10 degrees celsius really good wines should be served not cold or hot but at a cool temperature because that's how they can express themselves really cold wines don't smell like much and really warm wines often just smell like alcohol wine mistake number two pouring too much wine into your glass i always wanted to try this but you can see you can almost fit an entire bottle into one of those bigger glasses but the problem with that is that you don't leave enough space on top of the wine in order to really allow it to show its full aromatic potential this still smells good though so you should always make sure that there's enough wine in the glass so that you have something to drink but not too much of it so this is pretty much the maximum of wine that you should have in your glass more would be excessive and you can always pour in more once you drink some here's a bonus mistake that you shouldn't make when learning about wine not subscribing to my channel please do subscribe mistake number three is believing that you need expensive equipment in order to get you started in wine you don't really need a lot of expensive stuff i might have a lot of pricey toys today but when i first started practicing for the master of wine i often tasted from ikea glasses and i still sometimes use those 3b corkscrews that you get from wine producers or wine producing regions of course you might get a little bit more flavor from a fancy glass or you look cooler when you use one of those expensive corkscrews but it's better to invest that money into wine in order to broaden your palette you can also get creative in order to save money who needs an expensive decanter when an old jam jar basically does the same job and this comes at a much much lower price so just try it mistake number four judging a wine by the first sip tasting wine is like getting to know a new person sometimes your new best friend needs a little bit of time to get out of his shell and it's the same with some more delicate wines they just need time to fully express themselves on the other hand they're also ones that seem really impressive on the first sip but get boring after one or two classes so take your time and don't dismiss or celebrate a wine before the bottle is empty mistake number five not judging a wine by its cover yes you heard me right it's a mistake not to judge a wine by its cover of course when drinking wine it's all about the content of the bottle but when you're buying wine and you don't get to taste it it's also really important that you check out the label the label tells you a lot about the origin the grape variety the alcohol content and sometimes even on the rating of a wine but it also gives you lots of information on the intent of the producer this producer for example looks very classic classical they don't care about modernizing they already have their customer base locked in so they don't have to make the label easier to understand while this producer on the other hand has spent quite a lot of time and probably also money on designing that label in a way that it's easy to understand that it works on a shelf and also so that consumers remember the name the brand of that wine mistake number six taking food pairings too seriously when matching wine and food there are only a few mistakes that you can really make you should not eat something really sweet with a less sweet or dry wine and you shouldn't eat something really spicy with a very alcoholic wine but that's about it of course if you want you can go really deep into food and wine matching but for me most of the times it's really just important that i drink really good food and really good wine did i just say drink really good food well you know what i mean on top of that that's how you find new great matches do you think anybody ever sat down at a desk for hours thinking about possible combinations for blue cheese and then came up with port no somebody said at a table had a bottle of port open and had some blue cheese there and then realized wow that really works mistake number seven to just drink what you like i know this is a bit controversial because lots of wine people now tell you to just follow your palate and of course you should find out what you like but in order to do that you should listen to friends somebody's wine experts pretentious wine snobs and of course taste around you cannot really know what you like without having tasted many wines before and most wine experts get to taste way more wines than you therefore the independent advice of a knowledgeable taster is valuable in order to get you to find better wines faster of course you shouldn't religiously follow anybody's advice and believe that a wine is good just because taster x gave it a big score mistake number eight being intimidated by the big labels you should have respect for wine and especially wines with a long history should get some respect from you however just because the wine was great for centuries doesn't mean that it's still good i remember many instances where i tasted a famous wine and was disappointed especially when considering the price of that product on top of that maybe you just don't like this style somebody might give you a great fino sherry but if you cannot stand the smell of it you will not be able to appreciate it just to clarify before i get into trouble with my comment section i love sherry but it's a bit of an acquired taste mistake number nine not challenging common wisdom here on this channel i challenge common wisdom everywhere i go and there's a lot of it in the wine world there are lots of things that are accepted but not proven so if you read something you should try it out yourself in order to find out how your perception of a wine changes depending on serving temperature and if you should or should not store wine under water for example mistake number 10 thinking you can really understand wine without traveling you can learn a lot about wine without ever leaving your hometown but in order to really understand wine style or region you have to go there one is a cultural product and in order to understand culture you have to live it plus it gives you a great opportunity to visit some of the most beautiful places in the world for education purposes [Music] so win-win so thank you for watching if you like this video then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day obviously is which mistake did i miss comment down below let me know i hope i see you guys again very soon until then stay what is it uh thirsty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @whitewhirlwind7: One of the best wine experts on the planet
  2. @MaximeKlein-r9v: Your voice is so pleasant to hear.
  3. @kangzau1006: Ripping cork from bottle using mouth is og
  4. @tntramzy12: My only question is, are you looking for an apprentice? I'll leave Australia immediately and head over to you if you say yes
  5. @potsdam521: The spicy food rules is a a must, and I think the most difficult that I came to realize by trial and error
  6. @silasrobertshaw8122: This still smells good though!!
  7. @brandocommando_86: 4:26 I LOVE 3 FINGER JACK!!!
  8. @Chris-hf2sl: Wine temperature - it's not as simple as he makes out. After 30 years of wine tasting, I've come to the conclusion that more acidic white wines such as Riesling and Sauvignon Blanc, along with sparkling wines, need to be colder than less acidic ones. When it comes to reds, the heavier it is, the warmer it can be, though never higher than 20ºC. In contrast, lighter reds such as Pinot Noir need to be a few degrees colder.
  9. @Kevinhopinho: You show Merkelbach wine in this video. Do you like their old school way to make riesling? And do you like their wines?
  10. @rickblaster-xu5ie: funstuff
  11. @billwatters4833: I need help. The wine I normally drink is Sauvignon Blanc supermarket-sourced. It has no aroma even after swirling in the glass. Its taste is conspicuous by its absence and leaves my tongue traumatised like a garden slug prodded by a stick. My problem is that as an old age pensioner I can only afford six bottles of wine a week and a litre of gin. Do I abandon wine and switch to gin?
  12. @kiltedjohn1000: if your going to be the Master ,please dress like anthony ainley ,,,good informative video
  13. @Koby616: Thanks god i fixed one of my mistakes. I sucribed 😅 thanks for tips
  14. @devangsanghvi2595: i made home made wine, but during fermantine i got white layer on TOP attaching video , please suggest.
  15. @hellarnirk99: Good points! Exactly my thinking.
  16. @Homecookinginchicago: Could you make a video on how to improve our nose to detect the smells of wine
  17. @schjemte: mistake Nr. 4. is that not what you do all the time on the job and on this channel? love your channel, by they way ;-)
  18. @mathieud5594: Spot right on! Bravo!
  19. @melindalrahe: Mistake:  judging wine by the price
  20. @The.Epicurean: Hallelujah!!! One of my huge bugbears is going to a restaurant and being served hot red wine from under the hot bar lights, or near the kitchen at 20-25°C. 😵😵I always ask them to chill the bott!e.

- What Great Art and Great Wine Have in Common | Sotheby’s: Kind: captions Language: en Creating great wine, like great art, is a very labor-intensive process. There's an enormous amount of trial and error, experimentation, and precision. Joel Shapiro was known for works that [music] play with movement, balance, energy. And his wine collection reflected the same. >> [music] >> Sotheby's is proud to offer the wine collection of the artist Joel Shapiro, one of America's most celebrated sculptors. We're calling the sale kinetic because of how Joel captured movement and energy [music] in his sculptures. And I think these wines have that same movement and energy. Over the decades, he amassed one of the most comprehensive collections >> spanning the greatest regions of the world, including the greatest wines of Burgundy, Bordeaux, Italy, [music] and Napa Valley. Standout lots include one of the rarest bottles [music] I've seen, Georges Roumier's Bonnes-Mares 1990, rarely seen in [music] auction. Others include the 1989 Haut-Brion, René Engel's Grands Échezeaux 1999 from a full case. Another highlight of the collection is a full banded case of 1993 DRC La Tâche, never before opened until this auction. Something I find really interesting, too, [music] is that you're seeing some wines that you didn't necessarily find in every collection. >> For example, you have Château Rayas, Meursault Genevrières, Pommard Rugiens. So, really showing that Joel was ahead of the [music] market. A good example are the wines of Georges Roumier. These were always great wines, but [music] never collected in this quantity. He acquired these wines before they ever got popular. These days, [music] Burgundy is now what everyone collects, but he was collecting these 20, 30 years ago before anyone even knew about these [music] wines. In wine, you're seeking balance, [music] where everything is aligned, where the fruit is ripe, but not overripe, >> the tannins are present, but not too strong. And [music] that's something that I've noticed in his works is this play [music] with balance, imbalance, and really this point of tension. And I think that's what [music] ultimately makes a great wine is finding that tension. And you see that in the wines that Joel collected. I think when [music] I look at his work, there is this suggestion of a human presence, of movements, of emotion. And that's [music] something that we find in wine as well, right? It's more than just fermented grapes. It's something that, [music] once opened, evokes different emotions and [music] is expressive and ultimately an experience in and of itself. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TERRYTODD-ig6ob [1 likes]: Is it just me...or does the art make sense, beside a great bottle of wine 😂
  2. @joeswampdawghenry [1 likes]: Prost!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  3. @guldenaydin9918 [1 likes]: 🏺
  4. @JohnJSteinbeck: Joel’s ‘sculptures’ are a little bit wooden, but his wine collection seems to flow with passion and rhythm.
Maybe Joel should have consumed a little more wine …

- Celebrating Our Glorious Queen 👑🇬🇧 | Royal Tribute & Timeless Legacy: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning, my puzzle friends. So, it's time for my next puzzle, and I chose Our Glorious Queen. So, celebrating our glorious queen. This one is from Gibson's. It has got 1,000 pieces. So, it's a collection of pictures from Queen Elizabeth II. And we see her in all ages, I would say. I think this puzzle is they re-released it. So that was for her platinum jubilee. Yes. So >> Mhm. So I think that one will be fun. We will have a lot of skin pieces when we've got her face here, but I think they will be okay to separate. And I think it will be fun because collections are always fun. I'm just wondering this poor child. So, we've got pictures of her here and she was on porcelain all this, but well, that's it. If you're the queen of Great Britain and so let's do it. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Thanks for watching, guys. If you like what you saw, although there wasn't an outro, a proper one, I hope you hit the like button if you liked it. Anyways, uh consider to subscribe and then we can see us on the next one. Bye-bye.

- Five Questions with a Winemaker: Mike D. Etzel, CEO of Beaux Frères Vineyards: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, we're here with Mike Uttil, the president of Bowr Vineyards in the Willamut Valley. Uh Mike, why don't you just tell us where your vineyards are located and what varieties you work with? Sure. Thanks for having me. So, we're in the North Willam Valley. Uh we're 45 minutes southwest of Portland and we're specifically in the Ribbon Ridge subavva which is a tiny little toenail off of the Shahalum Mountains. We work we are Pan Noir house through and through with a recent uh small inflection point. We're we're making now about uh 10% of our 9,000 case production of Chardonnay which we're really excited about. Awesome. If someone has never heard about Boer or the Wamut Valley before, what would the first thing you want them to know? So the the Wamtt Valley, Pinanor as a growing region compared to, you know, the the three other big uh I think well-known um growing regions in the world that that uh have this grape. um you know the Soma coast, the California Russian River area, um Burgundy, New Zealand, the Wamut Valley is is green and wild. Um it has an energy um both in the teroir and the cultural atmosphere that is I think very exciting. Um, and there's a potential for the wines that come from this region to show that energy and a little bit of wild, but um, a freshness. Yeah. And and I think it's a little buffered, a little more buffered from some of the other growing regions in the world that have this grape. Uh, buffered from climate extremes. As of late, we're not immune, but we're, you know, we have some advantages being closer to the coast and um having a little bit of the protection of our beautiful Douglas fur treeands. Uh Mhm. Yeah. Nice. And so you mentioned the regions outside of the Wamut Valley. What are some regions like those maybe or places where they're growing pan Noir that you draw inspiration from? you think about sort of you look to stylistically maybe Burgundy. Yeah. It's uh it's it's a place that holds hundreds of generational hundreds of years of generational cultural um know knowhow and and culture and um the translation that comes from this grape from Burgundy is is um inspirational and my it's where it's it's where much of our passion comes from. my father and myself and yeah. Awesome. So, moving on to question four. What are some vintages of Boware that have stood out to you over the years and why? This can be just anything that's memorable to you. 1994 uh which was a a notorious hot ripe vintage but with my father's very young vines. you know, I was uh I was 8 years old at the time, but um it's it's longevity that it's shown. It's c it's cresting as we speak. But uh that power from that warm vintage and young vines was really beautiful to see the the the life of that wine crest at, you know, the last couple years. um some cool vintages that I really love out of Oregon. Um which were adverse and and challenging and not so exciting out of release, but so beautiful to see the development that they show with time and bottle. 2010, 2011 to an extent, um 2007. They're the emotions that come out when you talk to wine growers from these vintages uh are strong and even stronger when you give them 10 15 years to to try them in a positive way. Nice. And our last question, if someone's just getting into BRA and you had to give them sort of the road map for the next couple years, what you guys are working on and what you're excited about, what would you say that is? uh some some very large investments in in the facility that we um translate our our grapes into. The pig barn is going to be uh the pig barn that was renovated by my father throughout the years on a shoestring budget is is going to be uh more of the front of the house and directly detached behind the pig barn will be a a new fermentation hall that will be state-of-the-art. It'll allow us to focus on um on sort of the same degree of intimacy that we grow our grapes uh in in the venification side. It'll allow us that intimacy of just focusing on knowing each small vat uh and not focusing on logistics of of a more you know hodgepodgeed winery facility. Uh we have an estate Chardonnay program that we'll be launching soon from our our vineyard that I developed um that are still young vines, but uh very exciting on that front. We're in we're in our biggest sort of product mix inflection point is that we're honing in our on our estate. We're putting our flag on our little corner of the Ribbon Ridge AVA um and and uh decreasing the amount of um sort of non-owned vineyards to probably very little or no non non-estate vineyards we'll be working with in the coming you know five or so years. So big focusing mission initiative. So awesome. All right. Well, that was five questions with Mikey Edel. Thanks so much for joining. Thank you very much, Billy and Brady. Cheers.

- Billionaire Fires Maid for Being Too Educated — Her PhD Thesis Topic Will Shock You: Kind: captions Language: en The marble floors of the Witmore estate gleamed under the morning light, reflecting a world of wealth that seemed to exist in a different dimension from the one where most people lived. Elena Vasquez moved through the grand hallway with practiced silence, her cleaning cartwheels barely making a whisper against the polished stone. She had learned long ago that invisibility was the greatest skill a domestic worker could possess in homes like these. The less you were noticed, the longer you kept your job. At 42 years old, Elena carried herself with a dignity that no amount of scrubbing or dusting could diminish. Before we jump back in, tell us where you're tuning in from. And if this story touches you, make sure you're subscribed because tomorrow I've saved something extra special for you. Her hands, though callous from years of labor, moved with a peculiar precision that suggested they had once been trained for something else entirely. Her dark eyes, often downcast in the presence of her employers, held depths of intelligence that she had learned to carefully conceal behind a mask of pleasant servitude. The Witmore mansion sprawled across 15 acres in the hills overlooking San Francisco, a testament to the fortune that Theodore Witmore had amassed through his tech empire. Whitmore Digital Solutions had revolutionized cloud computing infrastructure, making Theodore one of the youngest billionaires in Silicon Valley history. At 53, he ruled his business empire with an iron fist and expected the same unquestioning obedience in his personal domain. Elena had worked in the Whitmore household for nearly 3 years, one of a rotating staff of 12 who maintained the property. She arrived each morning at 6:00, worked until 3:00 in the afternoon, and returned to her small studio apartment in the Mission District where she lived alone. Her co-workers knew little about her beyond the fact that she was reliable, thorough, and never caused problems. She rarely joined them for lunch, preferring to eat alone in the staff room with a book that she always kept carefully hidden in her bag. On this particular morning, Elena was assigned to clean Theodore's private study, a task that was usually reserved for the head housekeeper, but had fallen to her due to a staffing shortage. She pushed her cart through the double doors, taking in a vast room lined with leatherbound books that she suspected had never been opened. Theodore collected rare first editions the way some men collected cars, more for status than genuine appreciation. The desk dominated the center of the room, an imposing structure of mahogany that probably cost more than Elena made in a year. Papers were scattered across its surface in carefully organized chaos, financial reports, and business proposals that represented decisions affecting thousands of employees. Elena began her work methodically, dusting the bookshelves first, working her way around the room's perimeter before approaching the more personal spaces. As she worked, her eyes inevitably drifted to the spines of the books. philosophy, economics, political theory, volumes on leadership and innovation. Her fingers paused on a copy of Marcus Aurelius's meditations, a particularly beautiful edition bound in burgundy leather. She couldn't help herself. Her hand reached out, pulling the book gently from the shelf. The pages fell open to a passage she had memorized years ago, words that had sustained her through darker times. She was so absorbed that she didn't hear the door open behind her. What exactly do you think you're doing? The voice was cold, sharp as a blade. Elena's heart lurched as she spun around, the book still in her hands. Theodore Whitmore stood in the doorway, his tall frame filling the space with an authority that needed no announcement. His silver hair was perfectly styled, his suit probably worth more than everything Elena owned combined. But it was his eyes that caught her. pale blue and absolutely glacial in their disapproval. "I'm sorry, Mr. Whitmore," Elena stammered quickly, replacing the book on the shelf. "I was just dusting." "I didn't mean to. You weren't dusting," Theodore interrupted, striding into the room. "You were reading." "Those books are valuable collector's items, not entertainment for the help." Elena felt her face flush with shame and something else, something that burned hotter than embarrassment. It was the familiar sting of being reminded of her place, of being reduced to nothing more than her current circumstances. She forced herself to look down, to play the role she had perfected over the years. "Of course, sir, it won't happen again." Theodore moved to his desk, his attention already shifting away from her as if she were merely an inconvenient interruption to his morning. "See that it doesn't. I expect professionalism from my staff, not curiosity about things that don't concern them. Elena returned to her work, her movements now stiff with tension. She could feel Theodore's presence in the room like a physical weight, monitoring her every action. She dusted the desk carefully, avoiding the papers, focusing on the edges and corners. That's when she saw it. Partially hidden beneath a quarterly earnings report was a letter on official university letterhead. The header read Stanford University Department of Sociology. Elena's train. I caught fragments of text as she dusted around it. Words that made her pulse quicken despite herself. Research proposal. Economic inequality. Labor exploitation in domestic service industries. Her hand trembled slightly as she moved to dust the other side of the desk. She told herself not to look, not to care. But years of academic training had ingrained certain reflexes. Research was in her blood. Even now, even here, even while wearing a housekeeper's uniform and pretending to be invisible. Is there a problem? Theodore's voice cut through her thoughts. No, sir. Just being thorough. Thoroughess doesn't require staring at my private correspondence. Elena's jaw tightened. She finished dusting the desk and moved to the windows. Her back to Theodore as she cleaned the floor to ceiling glass that overlooked the bay. The view was spectacular, the kind of vista that most people only saw in magazines. From up here, the city looked like a toy model. All the struggle and suffering reduced to pretty patterns of light and architecture. You've been working here for how long now? Theodore's question came unexpectedly. 3 years, Mr. Whitmore. almost 3 years and you're happy with the arrangement?" Elena paused in her cleaning, uncertain where this was going? "Yes, sir. Very grateful for the opportunity." "Good, because I value discretion in my staff. What happens in this house, what you see in here, it stays within these walls. I trust that's understood." Of course, Mr. Whitmore. Excellent. You may go. Mrs. Chin will reassign you to other areas of the house. I don't want anyone in my study without my explicit permission from now on. Elena gathered her supplies quickly, eager to escape the suffocating atmosphere of the room. As she reached the door, Theodore spoke again. "And Elena, stay curious about your work, not mine." She nodded without turning around and left, her heart pounding in a way that had nothing to do with fear and everything to do with a rising frustration she had been suppressing for far too long. The rest of the day passed in a blur of routine tasks. Elena cleaned bathrooms, vacuumed hallways, changed linens, and polished silverware. She worked alongside Carmen, a cheerful woman from Guatemala who had been with the Whites for 5 years, and James, a quiet man in his 60s who had worked in various wealthy households for most of his life. During their brief lunch break, Carmen noticed Elena's unusual silence. You okay, Mija? You seem tense today. Elena forced a smile. Just tired. Didn't sleep well. That study assignment getting to you? I hate that room. So many books, so much dusting. Mr. Whitmore acts like they're made of gold. Maybe they are to him, James said quietly, not looking up from his sandwich. Rich people collect things. Books, art, people. All the same to them. Just things to own. Carmen laughed, but there was an edge to it. You're so cynical, James. Not cynical, realistic. I've worked in houses like this for 30 years. The faces change, the addresses change, but the attitude never does. We're furniture to them. Useful furniture, but furniture nonetheless. Elena wanted to argue to say that surely some wealthy people saw their staff as human beings, but the words died in her throat. Her encounter with Theodore that morning had reinforced a truth she had been living with for years. In these houses, in this world, she was defined entirely by her function. Her thoughts, her education, her entire past life, none of it mattered. She was a cleaner. That was her identity in their eyes. And anything that suggested otherwise was seen as threatening. The evening arrived with Elena bone tired but unable to rest. She sat in her small apartment, surrounded by the only possessions that really mattered to her. Books lined makeshift shelves constructed from planks and cinder blocks. Her laptop, old but functional, sat on a folding table that served as her desk. Preparing and narrating this story took us a lot of time. So, if you are enjoying it, subscribe to our channel. It means a lot to us. Now, back to the story. and in a cardboard box under her bed, carefully protected in plastic sleeves, were the remnants of another life. She pulled the box out and opened it slowly as if handling something sacred. Inside were diplomas, transcripts, letters of recommendation, and a thick bound manuscript that represented seven years of her life. The title page read, "Invisible labor, the exploitation and erasure of domestic workers in contemporary American society." below it, her name, as it had once been recognized, Dr. Elena Vasquez, PhD in sociology, Columbia University. She traced her fingers over the embossed letters, remembering the woman who had written those words. That Elena had been confident, passionate, determined to change the world through research and advocacy. She had conducted hundreds of interviews with domestic workers across the country, documenting their experiences, analyzing patterns of exploitation and proposing policy reforms. Her dissertation committee had called it groundbreaking. One professor had told her it would make her career, but life had other plans. The academic job market had been brutal. Despite her credentials, despite the praise for her work, the positions she had applied for went to candidates with better connections, with research that was less controversial, less politically charged. Your work is important, she had been told repeatedly, but perhaps too focused on advocacy rather than pure scholarship. Translation: You make people uncomfortable. Then came the personal disasters, her mother's cancer diagnosis, the mounting medical bills, the decision to leave New York and move back to California to care for her, the savings that evaporated, the desperate search for any work that could pay rent and medical expenses, the PhD that became a liability in job interviews because she was overqualified for everything except the academic positions that didn't want her. Domestic work had been a last resort, a way to stay afloat while she figured out her next move. But days became weeks, weeks became months, and months became years. Her mother had passed away 8 months ago, leaving Elena alone with grief and the suffocating realization that she had lost herself somewhere along the way. The woman who had fought so hard to give voice to invisible workers had become invisible herself. She opened her laptop and navigated to a folder she visited every few weeks. Inside were drafts of articles she had written but never submitted, research proposals for projects she would never conduct, and most recently a grant application for a community advocacy center she dreamed of creating. It would offer legal assistance, education programs, and support services for domestic workers. It would be everything her research had shown was desperately needed. But dreams required money, and money required either wealthy benefactors or institutional support, neither of which were available to a woman cleaning houses in San Francisco. She had filled out the grant application anyway, knowing it was feudal, knowing that organizations funded projects from established academics and nonprofit leaders, not from housekeepers with outdated CVs and gaps in their professional history. Elena closed the laptop and leaned back in her chair, staring at the water stained ceiling of her apartment. The building was old, the walls thin enough that she could hear her neighbors television through the wall. This was her reality now. This was what happened when you tried to fight systems too big to notice your existence. A knock on her door startled her from her thoughts. She wasn't expecting anyone. Opening the door cautiously, she found Carmen standing in the hallway holding a casserole dish. "I made too much," Carmen said with a knowing smile that suggested this was a polite fiction. "Thought you might be hungry." Elena felt a wave of gratitude that threatened to break through her carefully maintained composure. "That's very kind of you. Please come in." Carmen entered, glancing around the tiny apartment with approval rather than pity. You keep it nice. I like all the books. You read a lot. It's a habit I can't break, Elena said, accepting the casserole. Can I get you some tea? They sat together in Elena's small space, sharing tea in conversation. Carmen talked about her children, three kids she was putting through school with money earned scrubbing other people's toilets and washing other people's dishes. She talked about her dreams for them. How education was going to be their ticket to a different life. What about you? Carmen asked. You have family. Not anymore. My mother passed last year. I'm sorry, Mija. That's hard. What did you do before the cleaning work? Elena hesitated. She had become skilled at deflecting these questions, at keeping her past safely locked away. But something about Carmen's open, genuine interest made her want to be honest, even if just for a moment. I was a researcher. I studied sociology, worked with communities, tried to understand how systems of power affect everyday people. Carmen's eyes widened like a scholar with a degree and everything, something like that. So, why are you cleaning houses? It was the question Elena had asked herself a thousand times. Because life happens. Because degrees don't pay medical bills. Because the world doesn't always work the way we hope it will. Carmen nodded slowly, her expression thoughtful. You know what my grandmother used to say? She said, "The world breaks everyone eventually, but some people become strong in the broken places." Maybe that's you, Elena. Maybe you're becoming strong in the broken places. After Carmen left, Elena sat alone with those words echoing in her mind. Strong in the broken places. It was a nice thought, poetic even. But she didn't feel strong. She felt tired. She felt like a fraud every time she put on her uniform and pretended that her thoughts didn't extend beyond dusting and mopping. She felt like she was suffocating under the weight of her own unused potential. She returned to the box under her bed and pulled out her dissertation again, seven years of research, hundreds of interviews, thousands of hours of analysis, all of it documenting a reality that the world seemed determined to ignore. She had written about women like Carmen, like James, like herself now. She had written about the invisible architecture of American comfort, built on the backs of people who cleaned and cooked and cared, all while remaining unseen and unvalued. One section of her dissertation had focused specifically on how employers perceived their domestic staff. She had documented the cognitive dissonance that allowed wealthy families to claim they valued their workers while simultaneously denying them basic dignities. The workers were described as part of the family in the same breath that they were forbidden from using the front door or eating from the same dishes as their employers. She had written about the performative nature of domestic work, how workers had to constantly manage their employers comfort by appearing neither too intelligent nor too ignorant, neither too friendly nor too distant. They had to read moods, anticipate needs, and above all remain non-threatening to the egos of those they served. Reading her own words now, living the reality she had once studied from an academic distance felt surreal. She had become her own research subject. The irony was not lost on her. The next morning, Elena arrived at the Whitmore estate at her usual time. The fog was thick coming off the bay, wrapping the mansion in a gray cocoon that made it seem even more isolated from the world beyond its gates. She changed into her uniform in the staff room, pinning her hair back and checking her reflection to ensure she looked appropriately invisible. Mrs. Chen, the head housekeeper, was waiting with the day's assignments. She was a stern woman in her late 50s, originally from Hong Kong, who ran the household staff with military efficiency. Elena, you'll be working the East Wing today. Guest rooms need full service. The Whites are hosting a dinner party tomorrow night and everything must be perfect. Of course, Mrs. Chin and Elena. Mr. Whitmore mentioned you were in his study yesterday. He's particular about that space. No one goes in there without clearance from now on. Understood. Yes, ma'am. Elena spent the morning working through the guest rooms, each one larger than her entire apartment. She changed linens, dusted antique furniture, cleaned bathrooms that sparkled like jewelry stores. The monotony of the work allowed her mind to wander, a dangerous habit she had tried to break but never quite managed. She thought about the letter she had seen on Theodore's desk. A Stanford research proposal about labor exploitation. The irony was thick enough to choke on. Here was a man who benefited directly from the exploitation of workers, funding academic research about that very exploitation. It was the kind of contradiction that would have made excellent material for a paper if she were still in a position to write such things. Around midday, Elena was dusting a hallway when she heard voices coming from the conservatory, a glass enclosed garden room that Mrs. Whitmore used for her morning tea. Elena slowed her movements, not intentionally eavesdropping, but not exactly trying to avoid it either. The university is being ridiculous about this, Theodore's voice carried clearly. They want me to fund research that essentially criticizes people like me. Do they not see the irony? Well, that's academia for you, dear. This was Vivian Whitmore, Theodore's wife. Her voice carrying the cultivated smoothness of old money in private schools. They bite the hand that feeds them and call it intellectual integrity. The proposal is about domestic labor exploitation. They want to interview household staff, document working conditions, publish findings that will inevitably paint employers in a negative light and they want me to pay for it. Viven laughed, a sound like crystal tinkling. So tell them no. Fund something else. God knows there are enough researchers desperate for money. Find one studying something less inconvenient. It's not that simple. The university president specifically requested this. Apparently, the researcher is some rising star in their sociology department. Turning it down would cause political problems I don't need right now. Elena's heart was pounding. She should move away. Should make her presence known before she heard more. But she was frozen, caught between professional self-preservation and burning curiosity. Then fund it and ignore the results, Vivien said dismissively. Whatever they find, it's not like anyone who matters will care. These academic studies come out all the time, and nothing ever changes. The world needs people to clean houses and serve meals. That's just how things work. True enough. I'll have my assistant draft a response. Keep them happy. Maintain the relationship with Stanford. It's all just theater anyway. Elena heard movement and quickly pushed her cart down the hall, her pulse racing. She found an empty bedroom and closed the door behind her, leaning against it as she tried to steady her breathing. She felt sick, not just because of the casual dismissal she had just heard, but because of the deeper truth it revealed. Nothing ever changes. That's what Vivien had said. And she was right. Elena had spent years researching and documenting exploitation. Had poured her heart into work that she believed could make a difference. And for what? So people like Theodore Whitmore could fund research they had no intention of taking seriously. So wealthy families could point to studies and say, "Yes, isn't that terrible?" before going back to treating their staff like sophisticated appliances. She thought about her dissertation sitting in a box under her bed. She thought about the grant proposal she had written for a community center that would never exist. She thought about all the women she had interviewed who had shared their stories with the hope that someone somewhere might care enough to change things. The anger that rose in her chest was hot and bitter. It was the anger of years of diminishment, of watching her education and expertise become liabilities rather than assets. It was the anger of being told that her work was too political, too controversial, too uncomfortable when all she had done was document reality. It was the anger of being reduced to a uniform and a mop. While the very people who benefited from her invisibility funded research about invisibility. A knock on the door made her jump. Elena, you in there? It was Carmen's voice. Elena opened the door quickly composing her face into neutrality. Yes, sorry. Just taking a quick break. Carmen studied her with concern. You okay? You look upset. I'm fine. Just feeling a bit off today. Mrs. Chin is looking for you. Once everyone in the staff room for a meeting, the entire household staff gathered in the cramped room off the kitchen. Mrs. Chin stood at the front, her expression even more severe than usual. Beside her was a face Elena didn't recognize. A young woman in her 30s with dark hair pulled into a tight bun, wearing a conservative suit and carrying a tablet. Everyone, this is Dr. Jennifer Morrison. Mrs. Chin announced she's a researcher from Stamford University. The Whites have agreed to participate in a study about household management, and Dr. Morrison will be conducting interviews with staff members over the next few weeks. Elena felt the blood drain from her face. This was the researcher. This was the study Theodore had been dismissing just hours ago as meaningless theater. Dr. Morrison smiled warmly at the assembled group. Thank you all for your time. I want to assure you that all interviews will be completely confidential. Your names will never be used in any published material. This research is about understanding the realities of domestic work in contemporary America and your voices are essential to that understanding. The irony was so sharp it cut. Here was Elena who had conducted this exact type of research who had written the dissertation that had probably influenced this very study. Now on the other side of the interview table, she was no longer the researcher but the subject. No longer the one analyzing power structures but the one trapped within them. Participation is voluntary, Dr. Morrison continued. But I hope you'll all consider sharing your experiences. Change happens when people are willing to speak truth to power. Elena almost laughed out loud at that phrase, speak truth to power. She had built her entire academic career on that principle. She had believed in it with every fiber of her being. And where had it gotten her? wearing a housekeeper's uniform while someone else did the research she should have been doing. After the meeting, Dr. Morrison approached several staff members individually, scheduling interview times. When she reached Elena, her smile was friendly and professional. Would you be willing to participate? I'm particularly interested in speaking with staff members who have worked in multiple households. It helps me understand patterns across different environments. Elena wanted to refuse. The thought of sitting through an interview, of carefully censoring her words, and performing ignorance about concepts she had spent years studying was almost unbearable. But refusing would draw attention, would mark her as uncooperative or difficult. Sure, I can do that. Wonderful. How about Thursday afternoon? I'll coordinate with Mrs. Chin to make sure it doesn't interfere with your work. Thursday, two days away. Two days to prepare herself for the performance of a lifetime to become the perfect research subject for someone studying the very dynamics she herself had spent years analyzing. That evening, Elena returned to her apartment and did something she hadn't done in months. She opened a bottle of wine, poured herself a generous glass, and pulled out her dissertation. She read through her methodology section, her interview protocols, her analytical framework. She had been so careful, so ethical in her approach to research. She had worked hard to ensure her subjects felt comfortable and safe sharing their experiences. Now she would be on the receiving end of those carefully crafted questions. And she would have to lie. She would have to pretend to be less educated, less aware, less capable of critical analysis than she actually was. Because if Dr. Morrison knew the truth, if anyone in that house knew the truth, everything would fall apart. The woman with a PhD couldn't be trusted to clean bathrooms. The scholar of labor exploitation couldn't be allowed to remain working in a situation she was qualified to critique. her education, her expertise, her entire identity would become a threat rather than an asset. She thought about Theodore's dismissive comments about the research, about Viven's casual certainty that nothing would ever change. They were right in a way. Studies came out all the time. Reports were published. Articles were written. And yet, the fundamental structures remained unchanged because the people with power to change them had no incentive to do so. But they were also wrong. Change did happen, just not in the ways that academic research imagined. Change happened when individuals refused to remain invisible. When they claimed their own narratives and demanded to be seen. The question was whether Elena had the courage to be that person, whether she was willing to risk everything for a truth that might not matter to anyone but herself. She refilled her wine glass and stared at the title page of her dissertation. Dr. Elena Vasquez. That name felt like it belonged to someone else now, someone from a different life, but it was still her name. The work was still her work. And the truths she had documented were still true. Perhaps more true now that she lived them every day. Thursday came too quickly. Elena arrived at work with her stomach and knots, her mind running through possible scenarios and responses. She had rehearsed her performance carefully, deciding how much truth she could safely reveal, how much of herself she could show without revealing too much. Dr. Morrison had set up in a small office adjacent to the library, a space normally used for household administration. When Elena knocked on the open door, the researcher looked up with a welcoming smile. Elena, thank you so much for making time for this. Please have a seat. Can I get you anything? Water. Coffee. Water would be nice. Thank you. The room was arranged to feel less intimidating. Chairs positioned at angles rather than across a desk. A small table with the recorder placed unobtrusively to the side. Elena recognized the setup from her own research days. Create comfort. Establish trust. Make the subject feel heard rather than interrogated. So before we begin, I want to reiterate that everything you share here is confidential. Your name won't be used, and I'll make sure nothing you say can be traced back to you. This isn't about getting anyone in trouble. It's about understanding the realities of domestic work from the perspective of the people who do it." Elena nodded, her hands folded carefully in her lap. She was acutely aware of every gesture, every expression, maintaining the persona of a simple housekeeper who was perhaps a bit nervous about being interviewed. Let's start with some basic background. How long have you been working in domestic service? About 3 years now. Since I moved back to California. And before that, what did you do? This was the moment. Elena could deflect, could claim she had just done odd jobs or worked in retail. That would be the safe answer. But something in her rebelled against making herself smaller than she was. I took care of my mother. She was sick. It wasn't a lie. It just wasn't the complete truth. That must have been difficult. And after she passed, you entered domestic work. Yes. I needed steady income and this job became available. How did you find it? Through an agency. Word of mouth. A friend knew someone who knew someone. The interview continued with questions about daily tasks, working conditions, relationships with employers and other staff. Dr. Morrison was skilled at her job, asking open-ended questions, offering sympathetic responses, creating space for Elena to share more than she intended. "Do you feel respected in your work?" Dr. Morrison asked." Elena paused, considering her answer carefully. "The Whites are fair employers. They pay on time. They don't ask anything unreasonable. That's not quite what I asked. Do you feel respected as a person?" not just as an employee. The directness of the question surprised Elena. This researcher was better than she expected, cutting through polite evasions to get at deeper truths. Respect is complicated in this kind of work, Elena said slowly. I think people respect the work we do because they need it done. But respecting the worker as a full human being, that's different. Can you give me an example? Elena thought about Theodore catching her with his book, about the contempt in his voice when he told her to stay curious about her work, not his. She thought about Viven's casual dismissal of research findings because nothing ever changes. She thought about years of being treated as if her thoughts and feelings existed only in relation to other people's comfort. We're expected to be invisible, she said finally. Not literally, but in terms of our inner lives. No one wants to know what we think or feel beyond whether we're happy with our wages and working conditions. We're supposed to exist only in the context of service. Dr. Morrison leaned forward slightly, her expression intent. That's a very articulate observation. Have you thought about these dynamics much? Warning bells went off in Elena's mind. She had said too much, had let her analytical training show through the cracks in her performance. She needed to pull back to become simpler, less threatening. I guess I just noticed things, she said with a self-deprecating smile. Too much time alone with my thoughts while I clean. The moment passed. Dr. Morrison made a note on her tablet and moved on to other questions, but Elena felt the slip like a near miss accident, a reminder of how carefully she needed to guard herself. The interview lasted an hour. When it was over, Elena returned to her work with her hands shaking slightly. She had survived the encounter, had managed to share just enough truth to be helpful to the research without revealing her own background. But the experience had left her feeling raw and exposed in ways she hadn't anticipated. That afternoon, while cleaning one of the upstairs bathrooms, Elena overheard another conversation that would change everything. The door to Theodore's home office was slightly a jar and voices carried into the hallway where she was working. I need you to run a background check on all the household staff. Theodore's voice was clipped. All business. All of them? Sir, that's unusual. Is there a problem? This was Davidson, Theodore's personal assistant. Just being thorough. This research project has me thinking about security. I want to know exactly who we have working in this house. Elena's blood went cold. Background checks. They would find everything. Her degrees, her dissertation, her entire academic history. There would be questions about why she hadn't disclosed her education, suspicions about her motives for working under false pretenses. She had to think, had to figure out a way to handle this before it exploded. But even as her mind raced through possibilities, she knew the truth. There was no good way out. The life she had carefully constructed, the invisibility she had maintained, it was all about to shatter. And perhaps most terrifying of all, a small part of her felt relieved. Elena barely slept that night. She lay in her small bed, staring at the ceiling, watching shadows from passing cars sweep across the cracked plaster. The background check hung over her like a guillotine, and she knew it was only a matter of time before the blade fell. She had perhaps a week, maybe two if she was lucky, before Theodore's assistant compiled the reports and delivered them to his desk. The question that kept her awake was not whether to run, but whether to stay and fight. Running meant abandoning the life she had built here, modest as it was. It meant starting over somewhere else, hiding her credentials again, living in fear of discovery. But staying meant confronting the inevitable exposure, facing Theodore's anger and the humiliation that would follow when everyone learned she had been deceiving them. Except it wasn't really deception, was it? She had never lied about her education. No one had ever asked. The application for the housekeeping position hadn't required disclosure of advanced degrees. She had simply allowed people to make assumptions based on her uniform and her willingness to clean toilets. If that made her a liar, then what did it make them for never considering that the woman scrubbing their floors might have a mind worth knowing? By dawn, Elena had made her decision. She would not run. She would not apologize for her education or explain away her If Theodore wanted to fire her for being too educated, let him. But she would not go quietly, and she would not pretend that her silence had been anything other than survival in a world that punished women like her for being both brilliant and poor. She arrived at the Whitmore estate that morning with a strange sense of calm. The fog had lifted, revealing a crystallin day, where everything seemed sharper, more vivid. She changed into her uniform mechanically, but for the first time in 3 years, the act felt like putting on a costume rather than becoming invisible. Mrs. Chin assigned her to the main floor, polishing silver in preparation for the dinner party that evening. Elena worked alongside James, who hummed old jazz tunes under his breath while he sorted through serving platters and candlesticks. You seem different today, James observed quietly. Calmer somehow. Usually you're wound tight as a spring. Elena glanced at him, surprised he had noticed. James rarely spoke beyond pleasantries, maintaining the kind of professional distance that came from decades of service, but his eyes were kind, and there was understanding in them that suggested he saw more than he let on. Just tired of being afraid, I guess. James nodded slowly, turning a silver spoon in his weathered hands. I learned something a long time ago in this work. Fear keeps you employed, but it also keeps you small. There comes a point where you have to decide which matters more the job or your soul and which did you choose both for a while. Then neither. Then I stopped thinking of it as a choice and started thinking of it as a balance. Some days the job wins, some days my dignity wins. The trick is knowing when to let which one have its way. They worked in silence after that, but Elena felt less alone. James understood the tight rope. they all walked, the constant negotiation between economic necessity and human dignity. She wondered how many other staff members carried similar secrets, how many had surrendered pieces of themselves to maintain the fiction that serving the wealthy was somehow enobling rather than diminishing. Around midm morning, Mrs. Chin entered the silver pantry with an unusual expression on her face. She looked troubled, almost apologetic, which was entirely unlike her typical efficiency. Elena, Mr. Whitmore wants to see you in his study. Immediately, the words landed like stones. Elena felt James stiffen beside her, felt the weight of his concern even though he said nothing. This was it. Then the background check must have come back faster than she expected. Or perhaps Theodore had remembered something about her, had put together pieces she thought were safely scattered. Of course, Elena said, her voice steadier than she felt. She removed her apron, smoothed her uniform, and followed Mrs. Chin through the house. The study door was closed. Mrs. Chin knocked once and announced Elena's presence before retreating down the hall with uncharacteristic speed. Elena stood alone in the corridor for a moment, gathering herself. Then, she opened the door and stepped inside. Theodore sat behind his massive desk. But he was not alone. Davidson, his assistant, stood to one side holding a manila folder and in one of the leather chairs facing the desk sat Dr. Jennifer Morrison, the Stanford researcher. All three turned to look at Elena as she entered. "Close the door, please," Theodore said. His voice was neutral, revealing nothing. Elena did as instructed, then stood just inside the room, hands clasped in front of her. She would not sit unless invited. She would not speak first. Some habits of service were too deeply ingrained to abandon even now. Theodore studied her for a long moment, his pale eyes calculating. Finally, he gestured to the empty chair beside Dr. Morrison. Sit down. This is going to take a while. Elena sat acutely aware of Dr. Morrison's presence beside her. The researcher looked confused, her gaze moving between Elena and Theodore as if trying to understand why she had been summoned to this meeting. Davidson opened the Manila folder and placed it on the desk in front of Theodore. Even upside down, Elena could see photocopies of her transcripts, her diplomas, the title page of her dissertation. her entire academic life reduced to a file folder barely an inch thick. I make it a practice to know who works in my home, Theodore began tapping the folder with one finger. Especially when I'm funding research that involves interviewing my staff. I wanted to ensure there were no conflicts of interest, no one with ulterior motives or hidden agendas. He paused, letting the words hang in the air. Elena said nothing. She would make him spell it out. would force him to acknowledge what he had found rather than volunteering her own explanation. Imagine my surprise when the background check on Elena Vasquez revealed not a simple housekeeper with limited education, but Dr. Elena Vasquez, holder of a PhD in sociology from Colombia University with a dissertation specifically focused on exploitation of domestic workers in contemporary America. Dr. Morrison gasped audibly. She turned to stare at Elena with an expression of shock and something else. Something that might have been awe or might have been anger. Elena kept her eyes on Theodore, refusing to be the first to look away. "I see," Elena said quietly. "And what exactly would you like me to say?" "I'd like you to explain why someone with your credentials is scrubbing my toilets instead of teaching at a university or working for a think tank. I'd like to know why you concealed your education from everyone in this household. and I'd very much like to understand whether your presence here has anything to do with Dr. Morrison's research project. The accusation in his voice was clear. He thought she was a plant, a spy sent to infiltrate his household and gather damaging information. The irony would have been funny if it weren't so painful. I had nothing to do with bringing Dr. Morrison here, Elena said firmly. I didn't even know about this research project until 3 days ago when Mrs. announced it. As for why I'm working as a housekeeper, the answer is simple and mundane. I needed money. This job pays rent and puts food on the table. That's the entire explanation. That's ridiculous, Theodore snapped. Someone with a PhD from Colombia doesn't end up cleaning houses unless they're running from something or hiding something. Which is it? Elena felt anger flare hot in her chest. How dare he reduce her circumstances to moral failure or criminal intent? How dare he assume that economic desperation was somehow suspicious rather than the predictable outcome of a system designed to value credentials only when they came wrapped in the right kind of privilege. "I'm not running from anything except poverty," Elena said, her voice sharp. "Now, do you want to know the truth, Mr. Whitmore? The whole ugly truth? I graduated with my PhD 8 years ago. My dissertation was praised by my committee. I applied for every academic position I was qualified for. Do you know how many interviews I got? Three. Do you know how many job offers? Zero. She was standing now, though she didn't remember rising. The words poured out of her like water from a broken dam. Years of frustration and humiliation finally finding voice. I was told my research was too political, too focused on advocacy, too likely to make donors One search committee chair told me directly that my work, while interesting, didn't fit their department's mission of maintaining positive relationships with the business community. Translation: I made rich people look bad, and academia runs on rich people's money. Theodore's expression had shifted from suspicion to something harder to read. Dr. Morrison sat frozen, her face pale. So I adjunct taught for poverty wages while applying for administrative positions, nonprofit jobs, anything that would use my skills. I was routinely told I was overqualified for entry-level positions and underexperienced for senior roles. Then my mother got cancer. The medical bills destroyed what little savings I had. I moved back here to care for her. And suddenly, I wasn't just overqualified. I was geographically undesirable with a gap in my CV that made me look unemployable. Elena's hands were shaking, but she didn't try to hide it. My mother died 8 months ago, leaving me with debt and no career prospects. So, yes, Mr. Whitmore, someone with a PhD from Colombia, ends up cleaning houses. Not because they're running from something or hiding something, but because the American dream is a lie told to people like me to keep us compliant while people like you benefit from our labor and our silence. The silence that followed was absolute. Elena realized she had just committed professional suicide, but she found she didn't care. The truth had teeth and she was tired of keeping them caged. Dr. Morrison spoke first, her voice barely above a whisper. Dr. Vasquez, I read your dissertation. It's cited in my literature review. Your work on performative invisibility and cognitive dissonance in employer worker relationships. It shaped my entire theoretical framework. Elena turned to look at her properly for the first time. The younger woman's face showed genuine distress, as if she had just discovered she had committed some terrible breach of ethics. I interviewed you, Dr. Morrison continued. I asked you questions about your own area of expertise and you you performed ignorance. You let me think I was educating you about concepts you literally wrote about. Why? Because telling the truth would have gotten me fired, Elena said simply. Because admitting I have a PhD while working as a housekeeper would have made everyone You would have felt awkward interviewing me. Mrs. Chin would have questioned whether I could still be trusted to do my job without analyzing everyone. And Mr. Whitmore would have done exactly what he's doing now. Assume I had ulterior motives simply for being educated while poor. Theodore finally spoke, his voice carefully controlled. You're right. I did assume that. I apologize. The apology surprised Elena enough that she sat back down. She had expected anger, threats, immediate termination. She had not expected acknowledgement of his own prejudice. But that doesn't resolve the situation. Theodore continued. You have to understand my position. I'm funding research into labor practices in households like mine. I've just discovered that one of my own staff is an expert in this exact field. Someone whose work apparently influenced the very research I'm funding. That's not just awkward. Dr. Vasquez. It's a massive conflict of interest. Only if you assume I came here with an agenda, Elena countered. I didn't. I came here desperate and broke, willing to do any work that would keep me housed and fed. Yes, I'm a scholar of domestic labor. Yes, I've spent years studying the exact dynamics I now live. Does that make my presence here dishonest? Or does it just make my research more valid than ever? Dr. Morrison leaned forward, her professional curiosity clearly overriding her shock. How has it been living the research you once studied? Has it changed your understanding? Elena laughed, but there was no humor in it. Changed it? It's demolished and rebuilt it entirely. When I was conducting research, I thought I understood. I interviewed hundreds of workers, documented their experiences, analyzed patterns of exploitation. I thought I was seeing clearly. She paused, organizing her thoughts. But there's a difference between studying oppression and living it. When I was a researcher, I could be outraged on behalf of my subjects, advocate for change, return to my office in my life. Now I am the subject. Every day I perform the kind of invisibility I once wrote about. Every day I navigate the cognitive dissonance of serving people who would never consider me their equal. And every day I understand more deeply why nothing changes. Why doesn't it? Theodore asked. The question seemed genuine, not rhetorical. Because change requires the people with power to voluntarily diminish that power. You're a perfect example, Mr. Whitmore. You're funding research into labor exploitation while employing people under conditions that research will critique. You'll read Dr. Morrison's findings, perhaps feel momentarily uncomfortable, maybe even make minor adjustments to appear more ethical. But will you fundamentally change the power dynamic? Will you pay your staff enough that they could actually leave if they wanted to? Will you treat us as intellectual and moral equals rather than convenient services? Theodore's jaw tightened. I pay fair wages. I provide benefits. I don't mistreat my staff. Fair according to whom? You pay what the market demands, which is as little as you can get away with while still maintaining quality service. As for mistreatment, you don't have to be cruel to be exploitative. The system itself is exploitation. You have so much wealth that you literally cannot spend it all while paying other human beings poverty wages to maintain your comfort. That's not personal cruelty. It's structural violence. Those are strong words, Dr. Vasquez. They're accurate words, Mr. Whitmore. And they're words from my dissertation that you're currently funding someone else to rediscover. Dr. Morrison had been typing notes frantically on her tablet. Now she looked up, her expression troubled. This is unprecedented. I need to disclose this in my research. The fact that one of my subjects is actually a pure scholar in the same field, it's ethically complex. Do what you need to do, Elena said. I imagine I'll be unemployed by the end of this conversation anyway. Theodore stood abruptly and walked to the window overlooking the bay. He stood there for a long moment, hands clasped behind his back. When he turned around, his expression was unreadable. "You're not fired," he said. "Not yet, anyway. But this situation cannot continue as it has been." Dr. Morrison, you'll need to exclude Dr. Vasquez's interview from your data set. The conflict of interest is too significant. Understood, Dr. Morrison said. Theodore turned his attention fully to Elena. As for you, I'm not sure what to do. Part of me wants to terminate your employment immediately. You deceived us about your qualifications. I never lied. Elena interjected. No one asked about my education. The application didn't require disclosure of advanced degrees. I simply didn't volunteer information that would have made me unemployable. That's semantics and you know it. No, it's survival. And the fact that you see survival strategies as deception says everything about the power dynamic I've been describing. Theodore moved back to his desk but didn't sit. He seemed agitated, working through something in his mind. Finally, he spoke. What if I offered you a different position? Something that actually uses your education and expertise? Elena stared at him, certain she had misheard. Excuse me. I'm serious. You clearly have valuable knowledge about labor practices, organizational dynamics, worker perspectives. My company could use that expertise. I'm constantly dealing with HR issues, worker satisfaction problems, efficiency concerns. What if you consulted for Whitmore digital solutions, helped us develop better policies and practices? The offer hung in the air between them, tempting and terrifying in equal measure. Elena's mind raced through implications. It would solve her financial problems, give her work that matched her training, restore some sense of professional identity. But at what cost? You want to hire me to help you exploit your workers more efficiently? Elena asked slowly. To use my research to make people more comfortable with their own exploitation. That's not what I'm suggesting, isn't it? You're not offering to fundamentally change your business model. You're offering to pay me to help you manage the contradictions, smooth over the rough edges, make workers feel valued without actually redistributing power or wealth. I'd become complicit in the very systems I've spent my career critiquing. Theodore's face hardened. You're being unreasonable. I'm offering you an opportunity that most people in your situation would jump at. Most people in my situation haven't spent years studying exactly how corporations co-opt progressive language and expertise to maintain exploitative structures. You're not offering liberation, Mr. Whitmore. You're offering incorporation. You want to absorb my critique, neutralize it, turn it into another tool for maintaining the status quo. So, what would you rather do? Continue scrubbing toilets while nursing your intellectual purity? That seems like a waste of your education. Maybe it is," Elena admitted. "But at least when I'm scrubbing your toilets, I'm not pretending that exploitation can be reformed away with better HR policies and worker satisfaction surveys. At least I'm not selling out everything I believe for the comfort of a salary and the illusion that I'm making a difference." Dr. Morrison had been silent through this exchange, but now she spoke up. Dr. Vasquez, what if there was a third option? What if you worked with me on this research as a co-investigator, bringing your lived experience and academic expertise together? It would be controversial, methodologically complex, but potentially groundbreaking. Elena felt a flutter of hope, quickly crushed by reality. Academic positions require institutional affiliation. I don't have one, and given my employment history, I'm not likely to get one. What if I could fix that? Theodore interjected. Stanford would listen if I recommended someone. I could make it clear that funding for future projects depends on them hiring you in some capacity. Visiting scholar, researcher, and residence something. Elena looked between the two of them, seeing the shape of what they were proposing. Theodore would use his wealth and influence to force Stanford to give her an academic position. She would collaborate with Dr. Morrison on research that would ultimately be funded by Theodore. Everything would remain within his sphere of control, his power to give or withhold determining the boundaries of what could be studied. And said, "No," Elena said firmly. "I appreciate the offer, both of you, but no, I won't let you purchase my integrity or my independence. If I return to academic work, it will be on my own terms without owing my position to the very people I need to be free to critique. Theodore's expression darkened with frustration. You're being foolish. This is the best opportunity you're likely to get. Perhaps, but some opportunities are really just prettier cages. Then what do you want? Theodore's voice rose slightly, his composure cracking. You reject every solution I propose. You won't accept a corporate position. You won't accept an academic position facilitated by my influence. Do you want to continue working as a housekeeper? Is that your grand plan? I don't know what I want, Elena admitted. But I know what I don't want. I don't want to be saved by the very systems and people I've spent my life working to change. I don't want my research, my expertise, my lived experience to be absorbed and neutered by institutions that benefit from exploitation. So, you'd rather have nothing than compromise? I'd rather have nothing than sell my soul. The meeting dissolved after that with Theodore dismissing them both with barely contained anger. Dr. Morrison lingered in the hallway outside the study, waiting for Elena. That was incredibly brave and incredibly stupid. Dr. Morrison said, "You just turned down opportunities most scholars would kill for. Opportunities that would have required me to become something I'm not." Maybe. or maybe you're being too idealistic. Sometimes we have to work within systems to change them. Refusing all compromise might feel pure, but it's also ineffective. Elena smiled sadly. You sound like every academic who told me my research was too political. There's always a reason to compromise, always a justification for working within systems that are fundamentally unjust. And somehow those compromises never lead to actual change, just more sophisticated ways of describing exploitation. Dr. Morrison looked uncomfortable. You're probably right. But where does that leave you? Cleaning houses, apparently. They walked together toward the staff areas, an awkward silence between them. Finally, Dr. Morrison spoke again. For what it's worth, your dissertation changed how I think about this work. The way you wrote about performative invisibility, about how domestic workers have to constantly manage their employers comfort by appearing neither too smart nor too dumb, neither too visible nor too invisible. Living it myself today, watching you perform ignorance during our interview, it made all of that real in a way my academic understanding never quite grasped. Welcome to the difference between studying oppression and living it. Will you stay here? Keep working for the Whitmore. Elena considered the question. I don't know. Probably not. The invisible performance is over. Everyone knows who I am now. That changes everything. Makes my presence here untenable. Where will you go? Wherever women like me go when the truth becomes too expensive to hide. They parted at the staff room. Elena changed out of her uniform slowly, wondering if this was the last time she would perform this ritual. The other staff members were at lunch, giving her privacy to gather her thoughts. She found Carmen in the kitchen preparing vegetables for the evening's dinner party. The older woman took one look at Elena's face and immediately pulled her aside. What happened? You look like you've seen a ghost. Elena almost laughed. Not a ghost. Just the end of a pretense I've been maintaining for 3 years. She told Carmen everything about her education, the background check, the confrontation with Theodore, the job offers she had refused. Carmen listened without interrupting, her hands never stopping their practiced work with the knife. When Elena finished, Carmen was quiet for a long moment. Then she said, "My grandmother had another saying. She said, "The truth is like a caged bird. You can keep it locked up for a long time. Feed it just enough to keep it alive. But eventually it will either die in the cage or sing so loud you have to set it free. I think I just let mine fly. Good. It was dying in there anyway. They worked together for a while and comfortable silence. Elena helped Carmen with the vegetables, grateful for the simple, mindless task. But her mind was already moving forward, trying to imagine what came next. She couldn't stay at the Whitmore estate. That much was clear. Even if Theodore didn't fire her, the dynamic had shifted too fundamentally. Everyone would know now, would treat her differently, would expect things from her that she couldn't provide while wearing a housekeeper's uniform. But where could she go? The same economic pressures that had forced her into domestic work 3 years ago hadn't changed. She still needed rent money, food money, money to keep existing in a city that seemed designed to extract every dollar from those who could least afford to give it. The dinner party that evening was elaborate with 50 guests circulating through the mansion's public rooms. Elena had been scheduled to work the event, helping serve and clean up, but Mrs. Chin quietly reassigned her to other duties. Perhaps she knew about the confrontation, or perhaps she simply sensed that Elena's presence would create awkwardness. Instead, Elena cleaned the upstairs bedrooms while sounds of laughter and conversation drifted up from below. She moved through the empty spaces, seeing them with new eyes now that her performance of invisibility had ended. These rooms represented wealth that was almost incomprehensible. Original artwork on the walls, antique furniture worth more than most people's houses, walk-in closets larger than her entire apartment. And yet, for all this abundance, the Witors were not happy. Elena had seen enough to know that Theodore was driven by achievement and control, never satisfied, always pursuing the next acquisition or victory. Viven floated through life with elegant attachment, self-medicating with wine and shopping. Their adult children, when they visited, seemed bored and entitled, having never known want or struggle. Money did not buy happiness. Elena had always known that intellectually. But living in close proximity to this much wealth while experiencing her own poverty had taught her something deeper. Money bought options, security, the luxury of not having to perform survival every single day. It bought power, influence, the ability to shape the world according to your preferences. And that power, left unchecked, inevitably led to exploitation of those with less. She thought about Theodore's offer to use her expertise to improve his company's labor practices. It had been tempting, more tempting than she wanted to admit. The salary would have changed her life materially. But she had been right to refuse. Working for him would have required her to believe that exploitation could be reformed rather than abolished, that better management could somehow make unjust power relations acceptable. Elena had spent too many years studying these dynamics to fall for that seduction. Every corporation that hired consultants to improve worker satisfaction was really just buying expertise and maintaining control while appearing enlightened. Every diversity and inclusion initiative that didn't come with fundamental redistribution of power and wealth was just performance, a way of absorbing critique without actually changing structures. She finished her work around midnight after the last guests had departed and the catering staff had packed up. The house was quiet again, returned to its usual state of hollow magnificence. Elena changed out of her uniform for what she suspected was the last time. In the staff room, she found an envelope waiting for her. Inside was a check signed by Theodore Whitmore for $20,000 and a brief note. Consider this severance pay and an apology. You were right about more than I was ready to admit. I hope this helps you find your way back to the work you were meant to do. Elena stared at the check, emotions waring inside her. $20,000 was more money than she had seen at once in years. It would pay off her debts, give her time to figure out her next move without immediate financial pressure. It was generous, far more than legally required. It was also guilt money, conscience money, a way for Theodore to feel better about benefiting from her labor while acknowledging the injustice of her circumstances. It was exactly the kind of individual charity that allowed wealthy people to avoid confronting systemic problems. Give enough to one person to ease her discomfort, but not enough to threaten the structures that create poverty in the first place. But Elena also knew she couldn't afford the luxury of refusing it. Pride and principles didn't pay rent. The check represented breathing room, opportunity, a chance to rebuild without the constant panic of immediate survival. She would take it, use it, and refuse to feel grateful in the way Theodore probably expected. She left the Whitmore estate in the early morning hours, walking down the long driveway toward the gate. The fog had returned, thick and cold, wrapping everything in gray obscurity. Behind her, the mansion disappeared into the mist, a monument to wealth built on foundations of invisible labor. Elena thought about all the women like her who moved through that house unseen, their thoughts and dreams and capabilities hidden behind uniforms and professional invisibility. She thought about Carmen and James and all the others who had learned to make themselves small to survive in a world that valued them only for their service. and she thought about her dissertation, sitting in a box under her bed, gathering dust, while the truths it contained remained unspoken except in academic journals that no one with actual power would ever read. She had spent years documenting exploitation, interviewing workers, analyzing systems. She had produced what her committee called groundbreaking research, and yet nothing had changed. The same structures remained, the same injustices continued. The same people suffered while others profited. Maybe that was the real lesson of these three years. Academic research, no matter how rigorous or insightful, couldn't change systems when the people with power to change them had every incentive to maintain the status quo. Knowledge wasn't enough. Truth wasn't enough. Something more was needed, though Elena wasn't yet sure what that something was. She reached the gate and paused, looking back one last time at the estate disappearing into fog. Tomorrow, she would deposit Theodore's check. She would pay her debts and figure out her next steps. But tonight, walking away from the Whitmore mansion for the last time, Elena felt something she hadn't experienced in years. She felt free. Three months passed before Elena understood what freedom actually meant. It wasn't the romantic notion she had imagined while walking away from the Witmore estate in the faulk. Freedom, she discovered, was both liberation and terror, possibility and paralysis, a blank canvas that demanded she figure out what to paint on it. Theodore's check had cleared her debts and covered 6 months of rent, giving her time she hadn't possessed in years. Time to think, to read, to remember who she had been before survival became her only occupation. She spent the first weeks doing almost nothing, sleeping late, and wandering the city like a tourist in her own life. The absence of constant anxiety felt strange, unsettling, as if she had grown so accustomed to panic that peace felt like a warning sign. But gradually, purpose began to crystallize. Elena started attending community meetings in the mission district, listening to organizers discuss housing rights and worker protections. She visited day laborer centers and talked with women who cleaned offices at night for cash under the table. She reconnected with former colleagues from her research days, cautiously testing whether the academic world might have space for her again. The answer was complicated. Her dissertation adviser, Professor Margaret Chen, met her for coffee at a small shop near the university. Margaret was in her 60s now, her hair completely silver, but her eyes still held the fierce intelligence that had first drawn Elena to study with her. "I wondered what happened to you," Margaret said after they had settled with their drinks. "You just disappeared after your mother got sick. I tried to reach out, but your email bounced and your phone was disconnected." Elena explained the past 3 years in broad strokes, leaving out the most humiliating details, but being honest about where she had ended up. Margaret listened with the same focused attention she had once brought to dissertation drafts, occasionally asking clarifying questions, but mostly just absorbing the story. So, you've been living your own research, Margaret said finally. That's both tragic and oddly perfect. How did it change your understanding? Everything and nothing, Elena replied. The analysis in my dissertation was accurate. The patterns I documented are real. But there's a difference between understanding exploitation intellectually and feeling it in your body every day. The performance of invisibility I wrote about, I became an expert at it. Too much of an expert. And now, now I don't know. I have this window of financial stability, maybe 6 months before I need to worry about money again. I want to use it for something meaningful, but I'm not sure what. Academia clearly doesn't want me. Nonprofits want experience I don't have. Advocacy organizations are all volunteer positions or poverty wages. Margaret stir her coffee thoughtfully. What if you created something new? Your dissertation documented problems that still exist. Your lived experience gives you credibility and insight that most researchers lack. Why not build something that connects academic research to actual organizing and advocacy? The idea planted itself in Elena's mind, taking root slowly. She spent the next week sketching out possibilities, researching funding sources, talking to community organizers about what kind of support would actually help rather than just duplicate existing services. What emerged was a vision for a worker center specifically focused on domestic laborers, combining legal aid, education programs, and participatory research. Workers would help design studies about their own conditions, would be trained to collect and analyze data, would use research findings to support organizing campaigns and policy advocacy. It would blur the lines between research and activism, between studying exploitation and fighting it. Elena wrote a proposal and submitted it to foundations that funded labor organizing. She expected rejection or silence. Instead, she received an email from the Sanchez Foundation, a progressive fund that supported grassroots movements. They wanted to meet. The interview took place in a modest office in Oakland. Elena sat across from two program officers, both women of color, who had backgrounds in organizing rather than traditional philanthropy. She presented her proposal emphasizing how the center would be workerled and focused on building power rather than just documenting problems. We like this, said Maria Sanchez, the foundation's director. We've been looking for projects that take research seriously but don't get stuck in academic mode. The fact that you have a PhD but spent 3 years as a housekeeper, that gives you perspective we don't often see. I'm not sure my credentials matter much anymore, Elena said honestly. I've been out of academic work for too long. My CV has a giant hole in it that makes me look unemployable to most institutions. Good, Maria replied. We're not interested in people who fit neatly into institutional boxes. We're interested in people who understand power because they've been on the receiving end of it. Your proposal suggests you get that in a way most researchers don't. The Sanchez Foundation offered a 2-year grant to launch the worker center. It wasn't enough to pay Elena a large salary, but it was enough to rent space, hire a small staff, and begin building programs. Elena signed the agreement with hands that shook slightly, overwhelmed by the sudden reality of her own ambition. Finding space proved challenging. Landlords in San Francisco wanted first and last month's rent plus security deposits that consumed most of the grant money. Elena walked neighborhood after neighborhood, checking bulletin boards and asking around until she found a lead from an unexpected source. Carmen from the Whitmore estate had stayed in touch through occasional text messages. When Elena mentioned her search for space, Carmen connected her with Father Miguel at Our Lady of Guadalupe Church. The church had a community hall that sat empty most weekdays. Father Miguel agreed to rent it for a fraction of market rate. impressed by Elena's vision and her willingness to serve Spanish-speaking workers who often had nowhere else to turn. The hall was far from perfect. The heating was temperamental. The furniture was donated and mismatched, and the roof leaked when it rained hard. But it had character and it had heart. And most importantly, it was theirs. Elena hung a banner across the entrance reading Centro de Traador's domesticas and opened the doors. The first few weeks were slow. A handful of women came, mostly through Carmen's network, curious but cautious. They had learned not to trust offers of help, had experienced too many programs that promised much and delivered little. Elena didn't push. She made coffee, offered the space for whatever they needed, and listen when they wanted to talk. Gradually, trust built. Women started coming regularly, bringing friends and co-workers. They shared stories of wage theft, harassment, dangerous working conditions. Elena took notes, but also encouraged them to document their own experiences, teaching basic research methods and analysis. This wasn't about extracting their stories for academic papers. This was about giving them tools to understand patterns in their own exploitation and evidence to demand change. One afternoon, a young woman named Isabella arrived at the center in tears. She had been working for a family in Pacific Heights for 2 years, caring for their elderly mother and cleaning their home. They had promised her legal sponsorship, had said they would help her bring her daughter from Mexico once her papers were in order. But now they were refusing to pay her final month's wages, claiming she had stolen jewelry that had actually been misplaced. Elena listened to the full story, taking careful notes. Then she asked, "Do you have any written agreement with them? any texts or emails about your wages or the sponsorship promise? Isabella nodded, pulling out her phone. She had screenshots of text messages discussing her pay rate, the sponsorship process, even messages where the employer admitted finding the supposedly stolen jewelry in their own dresser drawer. This is evidence, Elena said. Good evidence. With your permission, we can file a wage claim with the labor commissioner and potentially pursue charges of false accusation. But it means going up against a wealthy family who will probably hire expensive lawyers. I don't care, Isabella said fiercely. I'm tired of being scared. I'm tired of them treating me like I'm nothing. The case became the cent's first major advocacy project. Elena connected Isabella with a pro bono attorney and helped document everything. The employer's lawyers tried to intimidate Isabella into dropping the claim, but she held firm. When the case went before the labor commissioner, Elena testified as an expert witness on typical patterns in domestic employment, using her academic credentials to give weight to Isabella's experience. The commissioner ruled in Isabella's favor, ordering the employers to pay not just the stolen wages, but penalties for retaliation and false accusation. It wasn't a fortune, but it was justice. And words spread quickly through networks of domestic workers. The center that had helped Isabella win became known as a place where workers could fight back. More women came forward with their own cases. Elena hired two part-time staff members, both former domestic workers who brought lived experience and community connections. They developed workshops on workers rights, on documentation strategies, on organizing within households without losing jobs. The center became part legal clinic, part organizing hub, part community center. Dr. Jennifer Morrison reached out 6 months after the center opened. Her research had been published in a prestigious sociology journal and she wanted to share the findings with Elena. They met at the worker center where Jennifer seemed simultaneously impressed and uncomfortable with the space. Your influence is all over my analysis. Jennifer admitted. Even though I couldn't directly cite your interview, your dissertation shaped how I understood everything I was seeing. But Elena, I have to be honest. The research is being praised in academic circles, but it's not changing anything. The families I studied read the findings, said they were interesting, and went right back to their usual practices. Elena wasn't surprised. Research alone never changes systems. It can provide evidence, frame arguments, shift discourse, but actual change requires organizing, requires building power among the people being exploited. That's what we're trying to do here. Can I help? Jennifer asked. I know I'm not part of this community and I don't want to co-opt what you're building, but I have access to university resources, connections to other researchers, grant opportunities. There must be some way I can be useful. They worked out an arrangement. Jennifer would help connect the center to academic networks while respecting the community-led nature of the work. She would facilitate partnerships between university researchers and domestic workers who wanted to conduct their own studies. She would use her institutional position to amplify the cent's advocacy without taking credit for their organizing. It was an uneasy alliance, bridging worlds that often spoke past each other. But Jennifer proved genuinely committed to working in solidarity rather than as a savior. And her connections opened doors that had been closed to Elena. One unexpected door was an invitation to speak at a conference on labor rights at Stanford. Elena almost declined, uncomfortable with the idea of returning to academic spaces that had rejected her. But the workers at the center encouraged her to go to tell their stories to people who needed to hear them. The conference was held in a gleaming building on Stanford's campus full of professors and graduate students and nonprofit directors. Elena felt out of place in her simple dress among people in professional attire, carrying bags that probably cost more than her monthly budget. But when she stepped to the podium for her panel, she found her voice. She talked about the gap between studying exploitation and living it. She described the center's work, emphasizing how participatory research gave workers tools to understand and challenge their own conditions. She argued that academic research on labor issues was often extractive, taking workers stories and translating them into publications that benefited researchers careers without benefiting workers themselves. The audience was Professors shifted in their seats. Graduate students looked uncertain whether to nod in agreement or defend their own research. But when Elena finished, the applause was genuine, and several people approached her afterward with questions and interest in collaboration. One person who didn't approach was Theodore Whitmore. Elena hadn't known he would be there, but she spotted him in the back of the auditorium, sitting alone and watching intently. When their eyes met, he gave a small nod that might have been acknowledgement or respect or simply recognition. After the panel, Theodore waited in the hallway. Elena considered walking past him, but curiosity won. That was a powerful talk, Theodore said without preamble. You were right about me, about what I was trying to do by offering you that job. I wanted to absorb your critique, make it safe and manageable. I appreciate the acknowledgement, Elena replied carefully. But awareness doesn't mean much without changed behavior. Are you paying your household staff more now? giving them real power in how your home is run. Theodore looked I've made some adjustments. Better wages, more benefits, but fundamentally changing the power dynamic. I'm not sure that's possible within the employer employee relationship. There will always be an asymmetry. Exactly. Which is why the relationship itself is the problem, not just how it's managed. But most wealthy people aren't ready to hear that. No, we're not, Theodore agreed. Because hearing it would require us to confront how our comfort depends on other people's exploitation. That's not a confrontation most of us are willing to have. They stood in awkward silence for a moment. Then Theodore spoke again. For what it's worth, I've been following your worker center. I've seen the press coverage of some of your cases. You're doing important work. We're doing necessary work. Elena corrected. Important suggests it's somehow optional or extra. This work is necessary because the alternative is continued exploitation of people who have no other options. Theodore nodded slowly. Would you accept a donation to the center? A significant one enough to expand your programs. Elena had anticipated this question and had her answer ready. No, I won't take money from someone who continues to benefit from the same exploitation we're fighting. That's not purity politics. It's strategic. Taking your money would compromise our independence and give you power over work that needs to be free from exactly that kind of power. Even if refusing means struggling for funding, even if taking the money could help more workers, even then because the struggle matters. the independence matters. If we can't build this movement without relying on wealthy benefactors, then we're not really building power. We're just creating another service that depends on the benevolence of people who profit from the status quo. Theodore looked at her with something that might have been admiration or might have been You're uncompromising. I'm not sure whether that's your greatest strength or your greatest weakness. Maybe it's both, Elena acknowledged. But I've spent enough time compromising, making myself smaller and safer. I'm done with that. They parted without animosity, but without resolution. Elena watched him leave, thinking about the distance between them that no amount of conversation could bridge. Theodore was a fundamentally decent person trapped in an indecent system, unwilling to give up the benefits that system provided him. and she was someone who had lived on the other side of that system and could never unsee what it cost. The worker center continued to grow. By the end of the first year, they were serving over 200 women regularly, had won a dozen wage theft cases, and were building toward larger policy campaigns. The work was exhausting, often frustrating, and occasionally exhilarating. Elena worked longer hours than she had at the Whitmore estate, but the exhaustion felt different because it came from purpose rather than survival. Carmen became deeply involved in the center, eventually joining the staff part-time while continuing her own domestic work. She brought networks of workers that Elena could never have reached, Spanish speakers who trusted Carmen's advocacy in ways they would never trust an outsider. Together, they began developing worker cooperatives where domestic workers could set their own wages, control their own conditions and share power rather than submitting to it. One evening, as they cleaned up after a workshop, Carmen said something that stayed with Elena. You know what the difference is between working at that mansion and working here? At the mansion, we were always performing, always watching ourselves through other people's eyes, making sure we stayed invisible enough to be safe. here. We're just ourselves. That's what freedom actually means. Elena thought about that often in the months that followed. Freedom wasn't the absence of work or struggle. Freedom was the ability to bring your whole self to your labor, to work in service of your own values and community rather than someone else's comfort. It was messy and uncertain and sometimes scary. But it was real in a way that the performance of invisibility had never been. Two years after leaving the Whitmore estate, Elena received a package in the mail. Inside was a leather bomb book, expensive and elegant. A note from Theodore explained that it was a first edition of a book on labor history, something he thought she might appreciate. Also in the package was a check for $50,000 made out not to Elena personally, but to the worker center. The note continued, "I know you said you wouldn't accept my money, but I'm not giving this to you. I'm giving it to the center, to the workers themselves. Do with it what you think is right. Consider it not charity, but partial repayment of debts I can never fully settle. Elena called an emergency meeting of the cent's steering committee, which was composed entirely of domestic workers. She presented Theodore's donation and explained its origin. The debate that followed was intense. Some argued they should refuse on principle, that taking money from an employer who still employed domestic workers under exploitative conditions would compromise their integrity. Others argued that refusing money that could help workers because of where it came from was its own kind of privilege. The women who cleaned houses didn't have the luxury of turning down resources that could expand services, win more cases, build more power. Finally, Maria, a woman who had been with the center from the beginning, spoke up. I think we take the money. Not because we're grateful to him, but because it's ours. He made that money off the labor of people like us. Taking it back isn't compromise. It's justice. The vote was close, but ultimately they accepted the donation. Elena sent Theodore a brief note thanking him, but also making clear that this didn't absolve him of responsibility to change his own practices. His response was simple, understood. The work continues on all sides. The money allowed the center to hire more staff, expand programming, and begin serious policy advocacy at the city and state levels. They pushed for domestic worker Bill of Rights legislation, for enforcement mechanisms against wage theft, for pathways to regularization for undocumented workers. Progress was slow, resistance was fierce, but they were building something real. Elena's academic reputation slowly rehabilitated itself in unexpected ways. The center's work attracted attention from progressive scholars who saw it as a model for engaged research. She was invited to publish articles about their approach to speak at conferences, to mentor graduate students interested in participatory methods, but she never returned to traditional academic employment. The center needed her more, and the work satisfied something in her that university life never had. On the third anniversary of the cent's founding, they held a celebration in the church hall. Over 300 people came, filling the space beyond capacity. There were workers who had won cases, allies who had supported the organizing, families who had benefited from the services. Carmen gave a speech in Spanish about transformation and collective power. Isabella, who had won that first wage theft case, talked about learning to fight back. When it was Elena's turn to speak, she found herself unexpectedly emotional. She talked about the journey that had brought her to this work, about learning the difference between studying oppression and resisting it. She talked about the women who had taught her what solidarity actually meant, who had shown her that expertise came in many forms. I used to think my PhD was my greatest accomplishment. Elena said, "I worked for 7 years on research I believed would change the world. And when that didn't work out the way I hoped, when I ended up cleaning houses instead of changing policies, I thought I had failed." She paused, looking around the room at faces that had become family. But I was wrong. My dissertation documented exploitation. This center fights it. My research described invisibility. You all refuse it. Academic work gave me knowledge. This work gives me purpose. And if I had to choose between the two, I'd choose this every time. The applause was thunderous. Later, as Elena helped stack chairs and clean up, she thought about the long journey from that study in Theodore's mansion to this moment. She had lost much along the way. Her academic career, her illusions about how change happened, her belief that knowledge alone could transform systems of power. But she had gained something more valuable. A community of women who understood that liberation was something you built together, not something you researched alone. Her phone buzzed with a text from an unknown number. saw the news coverage of your anniversary. Congratulations on the work. It matters more than you probably know. It was signed simply TWW. Elena smiled and deleted the message. Theodore meant well, but his approval wasn't what validated this work. The validation came from Isabella finding the courage to fight back. From Carmen discovering her own power as an organizer. from hundreds of women learning that they didn't have to accept exploitation as the price of survival. That night, Elena returned to her apartment, which was slightly larger now thanks to a modest salary from the center. She pulled out the box containing her dissertation, something she hadn't looked at in months. The pages felt different in her hands now, less like a monument to failure and more like a foundation she had built upon. She opened her laptop and began writing, not an academic article, but a reflection on the past 3 years. She wrote about the distance between theory and practice, about how living your research changed what you understood. She wrote about the necessity of giving up institutional validation to build something real. She wrote about learning that expertise without solidarity was empty, but solidarity without expertise was incomplete. The piece would eventually be published in a progressive magazine, sparking conversations about the role of academics in social movements. Some scholars would criticize her for abandoning objectivity. Others would praise her for modeling engaged scholarship. Elena would read both responses with interest, but without much concern. She had learned that the people whose opinions mattered most were the ones living the realities she wrote about, not the ones analyzing those realities from comfortable distance. Years later, when people asked Elena about her unusual career path, from promising academic to housekeeper to organizer, she would say that it wasn't really three different lives, but one continuous education. Her PhD taught her to analyze power. Domestic work taught her to feel it and organizing taught her to challenge it. All three were necessary. None were sufficient alone. The worker center continued long after Elena eventually stepped back from daily operations, having trained new leadership from within the community it served. The model spread to other cities, other movements, other groups of workers learning to claim their own power. And occasionally late at night, Elena would think about Theodore Whitmore and wonder whether he ever really understood the lessons of that confrontation in his study. She suspected he didn't, not fully. People embedded in systems of power rarely could see those systems clearly enough to truly challenge them. But maybe that was okay. Maybe transformation didn't require everyone to change completely. Maybe it just required enough people to refuse the old rules, to insist on their own humanity, to build alternatives that made exploitation less inevitable and resistance more possible. Elena's story became part of the cent's mythology. Told to new workers as evidence that PhDs and housekeepers weren't different types of people, but the same people under different circumstances. Her dissertation eventually found new life as a foundation for organizing curricula. Its academic language translated into tools that workers could use. And sometimes when the work felt overwhelming and change seemed impossible, Elena would remember walking away from the Whitmore estate in the fog, choosing uncertainty over compromise. That choice had cost her much and given her more. It had shown her that education meant nothing without courage, that expertise mattered only when placed in service of justice, and that the most important research was the kind you conducted with your life rather than just your mind. These were lessons no university could teach, truths that could only be learned through living them. And so the work continued as it always would, carried forward by women who refused to remain invisible, who understood that their labor had value beyond what employers chose to pay, and who knew that power was something you built together or didn't build at all. Up next, you've got two more standout stories right on your screen. If this one hit the mark, you won't want to pass these up. Just click and check them out.

- ART/ARCHITECTURE - Mark Rothko: Kind: captions Language: en-GB The most unexpectedly uplifting and consoling artist of the 20th century was the abstract painter Mark Rothko, the high priest of grief and loss who spent the latter part of his career turning out a succession of sublime and sombre canvases that spoke, as he put it, of the ‘tragedy of being human’. Born in Dvinsk, Russia, Rothko emigrated to the United States at the age of ten and immediately grew to despise the aggressive good cheer and steely optimism of his adopted land. Appalled by the sentimentality around him, he learnt to make art that was insular, unrelenting, sombre and oriented towards pain. Rothko’s favourite colours were a burnt burgundy, dark grey, pitch black and blood red, occasionally, alleviated by a sliver of yellow. In 1958, Rothko was offered a large sum to paint some murals for a soon to be opened opulent New York restaurant, the Four Seasons on Park Avenue. It was, as he put it, ‘a place where the richest bastards of New York will come to feed and show off.’ His intentions for them soon became clear: ‘I hope to ruin the appetite of every son of a bitch who ever eats in that room,’ and to that end, he set to work on some large black and maroon colour fields expressing a mood of terror and archaic anguish. However, shortly before the paintings were due to go on display, Rothko called up his patrons, explained his feelings - and sent back the money. He then gave his paintings to London’s Tate Gallery, where they were hung in a quiet airy contemplative, religious-seeming space, that enclosed the viewer in an atmosphere of meditative mortification. The paintings remain ideal companions for visitors who drift into the gallery at their wits’ end, who might be working through the loss of a partner or the ruin of their career - and who need more than anything else to know that they are not alone. Rothko’s canvases - though focused on the darkness - are never themselves depressing to look at because they lend our difficulties dignity and legitimacy. To bathe in their atmosphere is to gain a distinct sense of comfort, like lying in a tender person’s arms who says little other than a modest ‘I know’ in response to our dejection and loss. With Rothko as our guide, our pain and sorrow matters a little less. .We can start to rediscover a taste for life when we see that we’re not alone in finding it hard; that it is acceptable, even necessary, sometimes to hate the smiling ‘bastards’ who so annoyed Rothko. We can build friendships - imaginative or real - around shared honesty about dark things. Unhappiness is just - as wise artists have always liked to remind us, and despite the suggestions of all those confident-seeming people congratulating themselves in the world’s fancy restaurants - very normal indeed.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrampConnoisseur [5 likes]: Some people will assign meaning and value to absolutely anything
  2. @petehall889 [3 likes]: I cannot believe how anyone can see the slightest merit in blocks of colour. It isn't clever or skilled and certainly not worth millions. Reading meanings into such simplistic work is total naivety.
  3. @wilburshaw9330 [3 likes]: His work is crap! Seriously!
  4. @MIKE-kd4sf [3 likes]: Reminds me of the kings new clothes
  5. @anfauglir6834 [2 likes]: Stop parroting received opinion. The only genius here is how successfully Rothko scammed philistines into thinking this is art.
  6. @Draco52-h5r [2 likes]: Rothko had a sick mind. He used painting as a kind of catharsis. It wasn't art. In the end he committed suicide...
  7. @radioheadyorke [2 likes]: It is always funny to see that the people who say this is a fraud are always people who look middle class, have no education in fine arts and do not even frequent galleries to buy pieces.

When these are the types dismissing your work… you are doing something right.
  8. @Lumiereblanche18 [1 likes]: Il y a une solitude que seul le silence peut consoler. Mark Rothko ne peignait pas des couleurs, il peignait l'espace où l'âme peut enfin s'asseoir sans avoir à faire le pitre ou à briller.

En 2026, la véritable force n'est plus de porter le monde, mais de trouver le lieu — et l'humain — où l'on peut enfin déposer les armes. Le miroir de vérité n'est pas là pour juger l'éclat, mais pour protéger ce qui reste quand les lumières s'éteignent. C'est dans ce calme-là que tout commence .. Le miroir de vérité est là, serein, attendant simplement que l'heure de la clarté vienne d'elle-même.
  9. @jenniferatwell9698 [1 likes]: The only tragedy of being human I see in these is that people have paid millions for his work.  That's downright tragic.
  10. @olyaprydyus2527 [1 likes]: He is from Latvia, not russia
  11. @m.b.752 [1 likes]: Arguably one of the most talented artists of all time. It’s astounding how his artwork actually manipulates human emotion when viewing it. It’s magical and captivating.
  12. @PantherKay [1 likes]: My paintings: worth $0. Nothing Good.

Rothko: Paints the exact same samething. Worth $90 million.... Awww Masterpiece!
  13. @argumentumadhominem3977 [1 likes]: Genius? He was just money laundering.
  14. @littleghostfilms3012: I don't experience his art in the tone in which you describe them. All those color field paintings glow with different tones, hues, and layers of vibrancy. I see nothing but a celebration of the power of art to make you stop and lose yourself in an artist's vision. Rothko inspires me as a painter myself,
  15. @kingok9147: Its a canvas to your soul.
  16. @willieluncheonette5843: To all those in the comments who don't "get" his paintings and see them as simply rectangles of color.  He explained his paintings not as mere abstractions, but as direct expressions of basic human emotions—tragedy, ecstasy, and doom—meant to create a profoundly intimate, spiritual experience for the viewer. 
You really have to see these paintings in person. Just sit in front of them for say 5 or 10 minutes just staring. Then you will start to see the colors vibrating, moving in and out. Many describe an almost religious experience seeing them and some have broken into tears, the experience is so moving
  17. @LexyLawless: The greatest swindle in modern Western history... is the collective delusion that is Mark Rothko.
It is the embodiment of the 'kings new clothes' analogy. To not understand its 'worth', to deny, 
its value is to be vulgar and unapologetically... low status. Capitalism is about finding something, 
of low value to sell at a substantially inflated cost. This is the dream of every entrepreneurial capitalist.
You just need to market your product as unique. It doesn't matter if it actually is, just the allure, 
that it might be is enough. That to embrace it is to confirm your own status. You implicitly, 
understand the cultural top tiers aesthetic..Therefore you're part of it. The Rothko brand  is the, 
ultimate expression and formulation of this principle. That so many people fall for it shows, 
the power of capitalism, the innate power of its incredible pull and influence. Mark Rothko's have made, 
a select few businessmen hundreds of millions in pure profit. This is the power of branding, 
in a capitalist market economy.
  18. @wskroll: Like clouds, Rothko's work is what YOU want to see in it.
  19. @andrewhall7930: If you are looking at pictures of Rothko on your computer, you AREN'T looking at Rothko Paintings. You are looking at a screen with reproduced images of light. To see some paintings, one must stand before them.
  20. @studioGERALDWALKER: Jay Z made me aware of Rothko back in 2007 lol

- King's College Wine Collection | Christie’s: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i'm peter doboller i'm the professor of cultural history and aesthetics here at the university in king's college in cambridge but i'm also have the wonderful job of being the wine steward king's college was founded in 1441 and since then wine has been used on a large number of occasions and for all of that time someone has been in charge of the wines so the wine steward has effectively complete control over the wine cellar i select the wines that are used at dinners at high table at feasts and we also collect wine having a single person run a cellar means that you can give a kind of shape to the cellar which i've been lucky enough to do for nearly 30 years now the bottles that we're selling in this auction are all made by the extraordinary wine maker aria jaya and then his nephew emanuel rouget these are burgundies they are extremely rare and extraordinary expressions of pinot noir coming from the appellation of von ramone nari jaya began to come to real notice for the extraordinary ways in which he was making wine 100 d stemming 100 new oak a three to five day pre-fermentation maceration these were techniques which people weren't really doing in burgundy in the 1980s and in the late 80s everyone began to take notice that the wines that he was producing were quite extraordinary included in the sale of the wines from the vineyard crow parent paratu in veroni this vineyard arija himself made in the post-war years underplanted so this wine was bought from the uk importer richards woolford and on purchase it was delivered here to the sellers and they have been in situ in these racks since delivery so their provenance is impeccable and indeed their maturation is very very gentle because of the temperature control in the cellar and the humidity control as well in many ways they're some of the most extraordinary wines i've ever ever tasted one is always sad to see great leave the cellar they become like one's children but then there will be other ways which will replace them and there are always new things to get excited about you

  Top Comments:
  1. @marthaross6301 [2 likes]: Fascinating.
Cambridge has such interesting stories of it’s special habits and ways
  2. @jimhowaniec [1 likes]: why is king's college selling its cellar?
  3. @Kloveforthewin: Im going to be making a time capsule and putting wine and spirits in it. Anyone have any ideas on wine vintages and/or other drinks (scotch, tequila, burboun etc.).
  4. @정길주-w9p: 아주 멋찝니다~~
  5. @dhibahar: ❤️

- The Extraordinary Wine Cellar of Dr Allard Botenga | Christie's inc: Kind: captions Language: en this is very rare this is the rarest vintage I started with that's 47 Leo Vasca the start of my passion of wine for my 90th birthday we will open it as a great treat I'm a wine collector for 6 years I built up my colle ction bottle by bottle I tasted every bottle all right that's the most important thing when you start collecting wines it's still there in 1956 was a member of the direction of the UT student C Society my friend would like to drink the leoas scar of 47 we were not able to find it in the Netherlands he found it in France a full case we have to taste every bottle that was really the moment I started going very deep in wine the first possibilities for me to start really building up my collection were in the late 60s it went from 10 bottles to my maximum 55,000 I started in Muro and uh afterwards burgundy and afterwards Germany by tasting with the owners in burgundy I uh built up my collection with the better years this is a very rare bottle probably the most sought after bottle in the world it was that anyway it's a 45 mud Ro child which is still very very drinkable this was my finest bottle ever at that time 60 P still rare Mor 55 this is a surprise P bar 61 still excellent when my oldest friend opened a bottle of pal 61 and that scent filled the whole room I said well this is one of the best moments in my life that was the great start in collecting 61 everyone can become a great wine lover starting with simple wines building up the capacity to see the difference in taste difference in smell in the end it's all emotion a de moment you're ripe for it your senses are open wine which can do that is rare it's good to know these wies will be going to Great collectors and everybody that leaves my cell is a part of my my [Music] heart

  Top Comments:
  1. @chiletheblock [101 likes]: at his age I'd be blasting a bottle a day and enjoy the fruits of my labor. Maybe even two bottles lol
  2. @azdrifter3968 [32 likes]: As teenagers, my parents moved us out to a subdivision in the woods 12 miles outside of a small town. It was very boring, so my dad bought a 3 wheeler off a guy for my brother and I to ride around. We found there was more than a few old, abandoned properties scattered around in the woods. We would ride around looking for them to explore. We found a little cabin pretty far out that was like a time capsule from the 1980's. You could tell the owners were elderly from some of the things we found in there. There was a wine rack in the kitchen with 3 bottles of unopened wine in it. This was a score for us because we were bored and wanted to do some partying. We took them and drank them over the next few days in a travel trailer we hung out in on our property. We put the empty bottles on a shelf as a souvenir. Our mom sees them one day, and we told her we found them empty on an old property. She says it's too bad they were empty or they would be worth some money. We asked why, and she points to the 1940 date on the label of every bottle and says they're old, so their worth money. We thought that was the date the wine company was established, which is what we told her. She said it was the date the wine was made. Just for fun, she looked it up, and every bottle was worth between $800-$1300 full. She said it must have been a wine collector's cabin. She goes back in the house, and my brother and I looked at each other, shaking our heads in disbelief. 
We still talk about that.
  3. @Evgeny-xl6ss [24 likes]: First part of his collection just has been sold for more than $5m in Hong Kong
  4. @jamesfraser2448 [10 likes]: Thanks for the tour, the education, and a glimpse into a life well- lived.
  5. @braciole7667 [6 likes]: To each his own. You call it collecting, but I call it hoarding at these quantities for those lengths of time. The time to "drink and be merry" is now.  Tomorrow is not promised.
  6. @chaoticpanda-bb9bx [5 likes]: I would do the same because there are some fantastic du papes, however I’m an alcoholic so I have a watch collection instead.
  7. @DriverDude100 [4 likes]: He seems sophisticated, but imagine the regret of not splurging on fresh wine.  No more of that old stuff.  Wine from this year!
  8. @Ask_lu [3 likes]: What an amazing cellar. It’s worth millions yet it maintains its character.
  9. @stevenvancanverberghe9116 [3 likes]: Wonderful! Passionate man and great wines...funny note, at 2min37sec I see two bottles of Château de la Commanderie, Lalande Pomerol 1967. This wine is often dismissed as wine for wine connoisseurs who don't actually know anything about wine. In our parts, a common wine in ordinary restaurants or bistros. Many regard the wine as a Pomerol since it has the word Pomerol on it but it remains a Lalande Pomerol that is beautifully made in its own style and often underappreciated. Not a biggie but value for money if the wine list is limited. I do wonder now if these '67s still age nicely given their age. Anyone experience with this wine around that age as it is often said that this Commanderie is not a storage wine?
  10. @og1kanobi40 [2 likes]: All I need is one day and one Durand. Please.
  11. @jeremyfooter5080 [2 likes]: Sheer heaven. What a collection. Cheers🍷🥂
  12. @brianchaurodriguez [2 likes]: Good for him!!! ❤❤❤
  13. @janee8396 [2 likes]: Ik kan de kurken in die flessen niet eens betalen, maar wat een genot om naar te kijken! Ook een erg innemende man. Moet toch fantastisch zijn om daar tussen die rekken gewoon een stukje geschiedenis open te maken.
  14. @mr.garlicman3134 [1 likes]: The best wine I ever had was a 2016 Vintage Bernard Magrez Chateau Les Grands Chenes Bordeaux Red Wine. It was amazing. It has notes of raisins cranberries and black cherry and leather and it is so beautiful and elegant and sexy in it's own way. I highly recommend it.
  15. @westgarthwines [1 likes]: What a collection!
  16. @muhevend9181 [1 likes]: does wine really last that long?
  17. @FrankQ777 [1 likes]: Wow, what a collection... I wish I could taste one of those bottles.
  18. @Reviews-For-You.: Yeah its impressive, but he is doing it wrong, in my opinion. He can't take that stuff with him when he passes, and a good amount of those are probably vinegar by now anyways.
  19. @mannyr8795: My God give me a big Zalto Glass, a decanter, a Durant and 2-3 days in there 😅
  20. @Pianoman1488: My boy better get to drinking...

- He Sold $24.7 Million of Fake Wine: Kind: captions Language: en In 2006, a man sold $24.7 million worth of rare wine in a single auction, a world record at the time. He was spending a million dollars a month on bottles, hosting tastings, and pouring vintages most people in the wine world had never even seen in person. >> [music] >> He built a reputation so untouchable that the biggest auction houses in New York fought to work with him. Collectors called his seller the greatest on Earth. But there was no seller. No wine training, no French connections, and no legal right to even be in the country. >> He was mixing cheap California wine in his kitchen, gluing fake labels onto bottles, and selling them to billionaires who never thought to check. His real name was Rudy Kurniawan, born Zhen Wang Huang in Indonesia. His family had money. They ran a beer distributorship back home, and he came to the US on a student visa in the late '90s. The allowance was real, but it was nowhere near enough to explain the kind of spending that came later. His asylum application was denied. He was ordered to leave, and he just didn't. By the time immigration caught up with him, he was already one of the most respected wine collectors in America. He came into the Los Angeles wine scene in the early 2000s and quickly became impossible to ignore. He was soft-spoken, generous, and had this quiet confidence that made powerful people want to be around him. At one gathering, he'd open a bottle of Romanée Conti worth upwards of $20,000, pour it for everyone, and then sit back while they argued over tasting notes. He showed so much obsession with Domaine de la Romanée Conti, the most sacred name in Burgundy, the collectors gave him the nickname Dr. Conti. And in a world where trust runs on taste and access, that nickname was worth more than a resume. This was a world where reputation mattered almost as much as what was in the bottle. Old Burgundy was notoriously hard to verify. Paperwork could be patchy. Provenance was often just a story someone told you, and the people buying at this level were trusting the room as much as the cork. If a bottle costs more than a car, and every rich person at the table is nodding like it's the real thing, most people stop asking uncomfortable questions. Rudy made himself the most trusted person in that room, and once that happened, the con got a lot easier. Those two auctions in 2006 went through Acker Merrall and Condit, the auction house that had become his main channel. The first sale alone brought in $10.6 million. And after the second one broke the record, Rudy wasn't just a collector anymore. He was the guy everyone else wanted to buy from. Every bottle that came out of his supposed seller carried his name as a guarantee. Would you have spotted [music] the catch? Behind the scenes, the work was precise. Prosecutors said Rudy was sourcing cheap but old wines, usually inexpensive Burgundy and Napa bottles with enough age to pass a first impression, and blending them to approximate the flavor profile of legendary vintages. He'd add the right corks, stamps, capsules, and all the little visual cues that suggest decades of aging in a prestigious French seller. The FBI later estimated he may have sold as many as 12,000 counterfeit bottles over the years. The money funded a lifestyle in suburban Los Angeles that included a Lamborghini, luxury cars, designer clothing, and the kind of fine dining that made everything look like it belonged. He also used bogus high-end bottles as collateral to secure a $3 million loan from a finance company, which is a bold move when the collateral may have started life as [music] a $15 bottle of Napa Pinot Noir. The cracks started showing before anyone connected them. In 2007, Christie's in Los Angeles pulled a consignment of supposed magnums of 1982 Chateau Le Pin after concluding the bottles were fake. That should have been a warning. But it became impossible to ignore in April 2008 when Laurent Ponsot showed up. Ponsot is the proprietor of Domaine Ponsot in Burgundy, and he noticed that a New York auction was [clears throat] listing supposed Ponsot wines from vintages his family's domain never even made, including a bottle labeled 1929, even though they didn't start estate bottling until 1934. So he flew from France to the auction and got the lots pulled. Imagine that room for a second. For fancy catalogs, serious money in the air. And then the actual winery owner shows up to say, "No, that bottle cannot exist." That is the kind of moment that can change an entire industry. Those withdrawn lots were traced back to Rudy. Private investigators and federal agents started pulling the thread, and what they found wasn't one or two embarrassing mistakes. It was a pattern. Wines that didn't match production records, bottles with details that made no sense, and vintages that were supposedly from years before certain wineries even existed. Among the people who got burned was billionaire Bill Koch, who had bought extensively from Rudy, including a 1947 Petrus and bottles of 1934 Domaine de la Romanée Conti at those 2006 auctions. Koch later estimated his counterfeit purchases at about $2.1 million. But Koch was not the kind of victim who files a complaint and moves on. He funded private investigations, hired experts to dig into provenance, and treated the whole thing like a personal war against fraud in a world that had gotten too comfortable with assumptions. He filed a lawsuit against Rudy in 2009, and eventually settled for $3 million in damages. On March 8th, 2012, the FBI showed up at Rudy's house in Arcadia. Inside, agents found the whole operation laid bare. Partially completed bottles waiting to be finished. Handwritten notes listing which legendary vintages each batch was about to become. Stacks of labels, corks, stamps, and wax seals. It was a counterfeiting workshop that looked less like a criminal enterprise and more like a very [music] organized craft project. The man who had built his identity around perfect taste was now standing in front of evidence from his own [music] countertop. His trial took place in federal court in Manhattan, where the glamour of the auction world translated very badly into evidence tags and testimony. Collectors who had trusted him took the stand. Aubert de Villaine, the co-owner of Domaine de la Romanée Conti itself, the estate Rudy had built his entire identity around, testified against him. Laurent Ponsot testified, too. The image of the gifted insider started looking like something much simpler. A man who had figured out that rich people can be just as easy to fool as anyone else, as long as the story is expensive enough. >> On December 18th, 2013, a jury convicted him on fraud charges, making him the first person ever tried and convicted for selling counterfeit wine in the United States. The judge called it a bold, grandiose, unscrupulous, but destined to fail con. On August 7th, 2014, he was sentenced to 10 years, ordered [music] to pay $28.4 million in restitution to seven victims, and hit [music] with a $20 forfeiture judgment. He served about 7 years at a federal prison in Texas, and was released in late 2020. Immigration took custody immediately, and in April 2021, he was deported to Indonesia on a commercial flight from Dallas. He reportedly tried to secure a first class seat for the trip. He was denied. The man who had sold $24 million in wine at a single auction flew home in coach. And here's the part that makes this story different from most fraud cases. As of 2023, Rudy Kurniawan has reportedly been showing up at exclusive private dinners in Singapore, blending wines, counterfeiting bottles as a party trick, and letting guests compare his fakes to the originals. On multiple occasions, most of the guests preferred the fakes. The man who went to prison for fooling billionaires is apparently still fooling people. He just charges less for it now. Enjoyed the story? Leave a like, subscribe, and stay tuned for the next one. Now you know.

- The Extraordinary Wine Collection of Robert Drouhin: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when I was very young we couldn't go on holiday in the mountains or to the sea so we used to go in the renews I learned from my father how to distinguish a shoutin a fella Pinot Noir that sort of interesting listen how do we distinguish go to the bone from coded me and even more important when it came to a medical device in which were well this one's great was it was interesting for me as you burn to see how the wines were appreciated the word that were described by my father and this is where the stress was really under finis for the complexity we didn't fear about the acidity the pH are all in content but we certainly learned the fundamentals and we certainly learned to distinguish from the good present wine from the great we are fortunate or even born it's an old city there I only need the scenery out in the vineyard is just it sportingly started in 1880 my grandfather as many people in those days he used to sell Burgundy wines then my father polished 1 1982 over the business and thanks to him really the company was oriented the goal was to produce or my end whining always be fertilized where's my father in fact his my uncle my parents died when I was young and I was adopted by my uncle most one around 1928 my father had an agreement with the owners of Palma de Conti to be their sole distributor for France and Belgium which explains why we still have in our cellar so many of his pre-war wine so you may wonder what happened during the war we're not the Germans interested in his wines in fact in 1939 1940 that when the Germans invaded France and burgundy my father thought that was a high risk of all these wines disappearing he decided to block one part of the cellar hey Barrett reward with bricks put on much dust some say we put cobwebs so it was not discovered and over his wines were kept safely was a good decision in 1940 in October he was imprisoned by the Germans he spent a few months in prison and he gave instructions in writing to my mother what to do about the business he said cut down allocation by 1/3 because we don't want the ones to be sold to too quickly in these difficult times and saying it's time to bottle the heat wines of the romanée-conti in the 60s many things were changing in Burgundy my father unfortunately had a stroke and at the age of 24 I had to step in and have been charge of them other company around 1964-65 I decided that my private lines I would move to an old private place so for the last 50 years now the ones have been kept in an air-conditioned Sandra it's one of the reasons why the wines have kept well there are still a few bottles of 1937 in the world but possibly no other Magnum of 1937 in in perfect conditions as a lie we wonder why some of the bottles we have the label has been partly hundred the wines we received from the men who were unlabeled we had the labels separately however very often it appeared near the end of the Lord that were left with no label they have been lost some negligence oversight so all these bottles will then deliver to our private seller for our own consumption the new of the original Ward visual Shore of the vintage and we did not mind if the the vintage was corrected on the live why did I decide to sell these wines well I'm not young anymore I thought I cannot possibly drink everything well do we have good friends and we are privileged when we need to open all of these and create the wines but stearin I thought totally cannot keep them for years and years so why not sell I think I'm very happy very fortunate to drink is scarce wine scarcity adds somewhat to the pleasure of wine and so I suppose that's why there is so much interest you

  Top Comments:
  1. @adranscyth1556 [23 likes]: that 1937 magnum romanee-conti......i almost wet my pants seeing that
  2. @MichaelJ-fn5pl [18 likes]: My father in law gifted me a 1976 Joseph Drouhin Musigny which I  imbibed in 2017. To this day one of  the greatest wines I've ever had! Cheers!
  3. @tebayane843 [16 likes]: Wonderful clip of family history!
  4. @michael7324 [13 likes]: How many people watching would love to pop open a bottle of that pre-war wine?
  5. @Boiredesir [8 likes]: Bad mix of the voice with music ...
  6. @MrQbenDanny [7 likes]: Fucking MUSIC ruins it. NOT needed. The French accent provides enough.
  7. @JackAgainski [6 likes]: I saw on another video about expensive wine auctions that a single bottle of 1945 Romane'e-Conti  sold for over $500,000.
  8. @redbutterfly88 [6 likes]: Paintings and wine worth and effect is very subjective...  For u to appriciate something depends on ur wellbeing and situations.  Drugs and alcohol most specially.. So im saying that this video is not general explanation.  If things were diffrent arround the effect will always different also.
  9. @tommyjakkss [5 likes]: This collection is one of a kind, incredible
  10. @EKdlwoasred [4 likes]: I’ve got a double magnum of that romanie conti stuff. Not much of a wine drinker so I use it mostly when I’m making spag bol
  11. @NigelTufnel612 [3 likes]: I don't have the requisite discipline to collect wine...
  12. @missourimongoose8858 [2 likes]: I can't even imagine drinking a bottle of wine that was hidden from the nazis
  13. @jeroenroland9322 [1 likes]: You make a good decisions to sale those wines, when the wines are drinken, old wines, it worth to be drinking and not to store till  time past. Everyone who drink some very old wines, give special feelings, my work was not for nothing if they got drinken.
  14. @biken.chongbang [1 likes]: Listen i came to see and be amazed by the wines but 1:53 straight from The nun 😟😂i came to learn not to be scared

- Understanding The Burgundy Appellation Structure for WSET Level 3: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello everybody, my name is Jimmy&nbsp; Smith and welcome to the Wine&nbsp;&nbsp; with Jimmy channel. Thank you so much&nbsp; for taking the time to watch this video. This is part one of five parts regarding Burgundy&nbsp;&nbsp; in France. We are going to be looking at&nbsp; a very complex area, an area that has over&nbsp;&nbsp; 80 appellations. You don’t really need to know&nbsp; that much for your Level 3, but it is a complex&nbsp;&nbsp; place. We’ll try and make it as digestible&nbsp; and understandable as humanly possible. As I mentioned, I’m Jimmy Smith of the Wine with&nbsp;&nbsp; Jimmy channel. All of the social media&nbsp; is found at the bottom of the slides,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you want to get in touch, if there are&nbsp; any comments, questions or concerns, please do. This is our free part of the Burgundy&nbsp; series. Parts two, three and four will all be&nbsp;&nbsp; available to members only. Part&nbsp; five is already actually up;&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s Chablis and Chardonnay, so you&nbsp; can watch that also at your own leisure. Okay, so let’s rock and roll through all of this. There is a lovely holding picture of the Hospices&nbsp; de Beaune. This is an old hospital which is&nbsp;&nbsp; situated in the centre square of Beaune.&nbsp; Today it is a museum and holds the annual&nbsp;&nbsp; charity auctions. It’s a wonderful place&nbsp; that has this very tiled, patterned roof,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is quite common across the Burgundy region.&nbsp; It’s quite special. If you ever do get the chance,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you’re in London, do pop down to my&nbsp; wine bar called Streatham Wine House. We&nbsp;&nbsp; have replicated that pattern around the&nbsp; bottom of the bar, so it’s quite iconic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know you’re coming into Burgundy when&nbsp; you start to see some of the famous buildings&nbsp;&nbsp; with their roofs and the churches,&nbsp; etc., have this tile pattern to them. So where are we looking?&nbsp;&nbsp; Here we are in France. Burgundy is split over&nbsp; quite a large area, encompassing northern&nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy, which is close to areas like Champagne&nbsp; and Yonne. It’s up towards Paris, and then all&nbsp;&nbsp; the way through Dijon, Beaune, towards Lyon in the&nbsp; southern section. So we are firmly here looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; continental parts of France, and that’s going to&nbsp; be what we look at in the next couple of slides. Let’s go on to the next one. So that is&nbsp; your Burgundy region. You’ll see way off in&nbsp;&nbsp; the northern area, the north-west area, where we&nbsp; have — let’s pop this up here — so just up here,&nbsp;&nbsp; as this Chablis arrow is pointing to, this is&nbsp; around the city of Auxerre, and we have the town&nbsp;&nbsp; of Chablis and its surrounding vineyards.&nbsp; There are many other vineyards up here,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you are just required to know&nbsp; this area for your WSET Level 3. On the left-hand side, it gives you an overview&nbsp; of the general macroclimates that we find&nbsp;&nbsp; in Burgundy. So in this area in the&nbsp; north, we find it being quite cool&nbsp;&nbsp; because the latitude is quite far north here,&nbsp; going up towards Champagne. So we have a cool&nbsp;&nbsp; climate here: general average temperatures in&nbsp; the growing season below 16.5 degrees Celsius. Then as it heads down towards Lyon — and&nbsp; here you’ll see places such as Dijon,&nbsp;&nbsp; Beaune, Chalon and Mâcon, and all of our&nbsp; associated regions — this is more moderate,&nbsp;&nbsp; so around 16.5 to 18.5 degrees Celsius on&nbsp; average during the growing season here. But both of the areas, all of this&nbsp; area, is continental. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is landlocked, not influenced&nbsp; dramatically by any seas or oceans.&nbsp;&nbsp; You will still get the Gulf Stream effect,&nbsp; though, happening across most of France.&nbsp;&nbsp; Continentality is quite extreme here. That means&nbsp; differences between seasons, so summers tend to&nbsp;&nbsp; be very hot, winters tend to be very cold,&nbsp; and you will find quite a bit of snow. There&nbsp;&nbsp; are also quite big diurnal differences here, so&nbsp; these are the differences between night and day. In a summer month, you’ll easily get around&nbsp; 30 degrees Celsius in the daytime, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; at night-time dropping down to 12 or 13 degrees&nbsp; Celsius. So quite big swings here. This means that&nbsp;&nbsp; the grapes can refresh themselves from the heat of&nbsp; the summer day and get ready for the next day by&nbsp;&nbsp; refreshing at night. That’s really important for&nbsp; maintaining quite high acidities across the board. So Chablis is at the top of the region there,&nbsp; the coolest area, exclusively for Chardonnay,&nbsp;&nbsp; and some of those real linear, lean&nbsp; styles, and very minerally in that area. As we head south, between Dijon and Beaune,&nbsp; the cities of Dijon and Beaune, we have&nbsp;&nbsp; the Côte d’Or. So let’s just put an arrow in here. This whole area, the reddish and the&nbsp; purple area, is called the Côte d’Or.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t have any accents on my laptop here,&nbsp; so Côte d’Or for the whole area, split into&nbsp;&nbsp; two zones. The one that’s identified on the right&nbsp; is the Côte de Nuits. The word côte means slope,&nbsp;&nbsp; so this is the slope of Nuits. Nuits is a town&nbsp; situated about two-thirds of the way down that red&nbsp;&nbsp; area, two-thirds of the way down from Dijon.&nbsp; It is famous for Pinot Noir in this area. Below that, we have the Côte de Beaune, so&nbsp; the slopes of Beaune. Beaune is the main city&nbsp;&nbsp; here in this purpley area, the cultural centre&nbsp; for Burgundy as well. It’s a beautiful historical&nbsp;&nbsp; town, a lovely old town in the centre,&nbsp; and of course that Hospices de Beaune,&nbsp;&nbsp; that first picture, is found here as&nbsp; well. So that is the Côte de Beaune. Then we have a slightly larger expanse to the&nbsp; south of that, to the west of Chalon-sur-Saône,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is the Côte Chalonnaise, so the slopes of&nbsp;&nbsp; Chalon. This is kind of an overspill area&nbsp; from the Côte de Beaune and the Côte d’Or,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there are some good examples of both&nbsp; Chardonnay and Pinot Noir found here. The Côte de Beaune is mainly Chardonnay.&nbsp; It’s about half and half, but it is mainly&nbsp;&nbsp; Chardonnay in that area. Finally at the bottom, which is&nbsp; predominantly Chardonnay, is the Mâconnais,&nbsp;&nbsp; just north of the city of Mâcon and just on&nbsp; the border of Beaujolais. This is a large,&nbsp;&nbsp; large expanse of some more simple&nbsp; wines, for the most part, in this area. I just wanted to give you,&nbsp; therefore, an idea of the location.&nbsp;&nbsp; As you move down that list from Chablis to&nbsp; Mâconnais, you get from cool to moderate.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means there is more ripening in&nbsp; the grape varieties as you head south.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is a marked difference between Chardonnay in&nbsp; Chablis and Chardonnay in Mâconnais, for instance. You’ll often find in Chablis Chardonnay&nbsp; very linear, green apple — by green apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean Granny Smith green apple — very tart, and&nbsp; things like minerally, lemony characteristics.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the Mâconnais, because of the warmth here&nbsp; and the better ripening, you’ll tend to find&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly more red apple or sweeter apple notes,&nbsp; and things like a little bit of stone fruit,&nbsp;&nbsp; like peach as well, with some&nbsp; good acidities behind those.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there is a diversity within this region,&nbsp; which is fascinating, of course, in one region. That’s really the macroclimate of the area,&nbsp; with a few little breakdowns there between&nbsp;&nbsp; the north and the south. It is important&nbsp; to talk about weather hazards here, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; because Burgundy is subject to quite&nbsp; a lot of weather hazards. This means&nbsp;&nbsp; we have some issues here, and it’s actually quite&nbsp; difficult to cultivate the vine in this region. First and foremost: rainfall. Most of France, and&nbsp; certainly most of the west, but also the north&nbsp;&nbsp; and parts of the centre of France, are&nbsp; affected by the very wet and warm Gulf Stream,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is pulled across the Atlantic,&nbsp; starting in the Central Americas,&nbsp;&nbsp; pulled across the Atlantic, and then brings a&nbsp; lot of wet and warm weather to western Europe. This can affect this area. A lot of it falls, of&nbsp; course, on western France and northern France, but&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be pulled across towards Burgundy. So&nbsp; we will have rainfall in this area. It’s not&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as, say, something like Bordeaux, but&nbsp; there is still rainfall throughout the year. The two specific times they would like&nbsp; you to understand that it’s the most&nbsp;&nbsp; impactful are flowering, so that is&nbsp; going to be around June-ish time.&nbsp;&nbsp; If there are these June showers,&nbsp; June rainfall, that will disrupt&nbsp;&nbsp; flowering. It may actually create very&nbsp; poor flowering and lower the fruit set,&nbsp;&nbsp; so how much fruit is produced from the flowering.&nbsp; This can drastically reduce yields at this point. Then, fast-forwarding towards the end of the&nbsp; year and harvest time, so September/October,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will find normally around September&nbsp; that there can be rainfall around harvest&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Both the varieties, Chardonnay&nbsp; and Pinot Noir, are subject to this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they do suffer with rot, specifically&nbsp; Pinot Noir. If this happens, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of fruit will have to be eliminated&nbsp; because it can cause off-flavours in the&nbsp;&nbsp; wine. That will drastically reduce yields.&nbsp; So harvest rainfall can be a big issue. Then we have spring frosts. Both Chardonnay and&nbsp; Pinot Noir, which are related grape varieties,&nbsp;&nbsp; are sadly early-budding grape varieties. They&nbsp; are both subject to spring frost because they run&nbsp;&nbsp; the gauntlet, the risk, more of being affected by&nbsp; spring frost because of their early budding cycle.&nbsp;&nbsp; These spring frosts, which can occur in April and&nbsp; May, can of course cause a lot of issues within&nbsp;&nbsp; the region. They can dramatically&nbsp; reduce the yields, big time. We actually go into a lot more&nbsp; detail in the Chablis section about&nbsp;&nbsp; ways to combat spring frosts, but&nbsp; it’s clearly in your textbooks about&nbsp;&nbsp; the major methods. There are better sites of&nbsp; vineyards that are not so prone to frosts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they’re on slopes. It’s one of&nbsp; the important factors of slopes. But&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be an issue here: spring frost, and&nbsp; that can dramatically reduce the yields. Then, because of the&nbsp; continentality of this region,&nbsp;&nbsp; there can be some localised&nbsp; and quite intensive hailstorms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hail is big bits of ice which are pelted out of&nbsp; the sky down to the ground at terminal velocity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and can damage and destroy many things, including&nbsp; cars and houses and glass panes, and you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Vineyards are no exception. They will be affected&nbsp; by hailstorms and they can be damaged, they can be&nbsp;&nbsp; destroyed throughout summer. It depends on when&nbsp; exactly, but they can shred leaves, they can&nbsp;&nbsp; damage flowering, they can damage the grapes&nbsp; themselves, leading to splitting and rotting. Often, if it’s such a powerful hailstorm, it&nbsp; will in fact wipe out a whole local area for&nbsp;&nbsp; vineyards and other plants. So hailstorms can be&nbsp; a bit of an issue. One way that this is combated&nbsp;&nbsp; against is that grapes are actually sourced from&nbsp; all over Burgundy for certain wines. Maybe your&nbsp;&nbsp; grapes are affected in one village, but you do&nbsp; have grapes from other villages that you purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; or that you own. Therefore, it won’t ruin the&nbsp; whole entire crop of your production, your labels. Now we’re going to talk a little bit about&nbsp; the layout of the land and a little bit about&nbsp;&nbsp; geology. They don’t go into too much detail&nbsp; about that for the Level 3 certificate,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in Burgundy, because it is&nbsp; generally a cool area, cool to moderate,&nbsp;&nbsp; the importance of slope cannot be&nbsp; underestimated. It’s very important. What we have, of course, is many areas named after&nbsp; slopes. You have the Côte d’Or, Côte de Beaune,&nbsp;&nbsp; Côte Chalonnaise, etc. That means, of course, they&nbsp; are dominated by some form of slopes. The slopes&nbsp;&nbsp; all lie on the western side and the vineyards are&nbsp; on the east, so facing east. This is remarkably&nbsp;&nbsp; important because that means they are protected&nbsp; from that Gulf Stream, from that westerly wind. Let’s scribble that in. What you’ll have&nbsp; coming across here is the westerly wind,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that westerly wind is buffered&nbsp; and mitigated by the hills and the&nbsp;&nbsp; forests that are on the hills.&nbsp; Therefore, the slopes that lie&nbsp;&nbsp; on the eastern side remain quite protected from&nbsp; that westerly wind, so that’s quite important. Also, the slope offers a couple of things. It&nbsp; offers better drainage. So when you have rainfall&nbsp;&nbsp; — let’s draw in a little bit of rainfall here as&nbsp; well — when we have rainfall coming down here,&nbsp;&nbsp; at the bottom of the slope, where the&nbsp; village and the regional AOCs are,&nbsp;&nbsp; that can actually become quite inundated&nbsp; with water because it doesn’t drain. It stays&nbsp;&nbsp; in the topsoil, where your root systems are. In the premier crus, it will tend to actually&nbsp; run down as surface runoff, so that runs down&nbsp;&nbsp; the vineyard. Grand crus drain very well, but&nbsp; some water is retained for what the vine needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it has the perfect balance in&nbsp; that middle area. Hence why we find&nbsp;&nbsp; our very best wines, like grand cru and&nbsp; premier cru, in the middle of the slope area. The mid-slope is remarkably important for that&nbsp;&nbsp; good drainage. The slopes are good for&nbsp; protection against the westerly wind,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the third reason would be to do with aspect,&nbsp; which I believe is what we’ll go through next. Yes, so aspect is the next reason of slopes.&nbsp;&nbsp; What is the importance of aspect?&nbsp; Aspect is the direction of our slope,&nbsp;&nbsp; and therefore which way it faces. Here I’ve&nbsp; given you some points of the compass. We’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; gone from west on this side through south-west,&nbsp; south, south-east and east. This is just to give&nbsp;&nbsp; you an idea, and specifically with Pinot Noir,&nbsp; in fact, about the direction of your slope. Here in Burgundy, most slopes come from&nbsp; south to east, so to this area: south,&nbsp;&nbsp; south-east and east-facing slopes. That’s because,&nbsp;&nbsp; remember, they are on the eastern side of the&nbsp; hills and are protected from the westerly wind. If you grow Pinot Noir on an east-facing vineyard&nbsp; site on a slope, this will get the sunshine more&nbsp;&nbsp; in the morning, which is very gentle sunshine. As&nbsp; of course the earth is spinning around the sun,&nbsp;&nbsp; the sun moves into its zenith in the&nbsp; south and then towards the western part.&nbsp;&nbsp; Easterly-facing slopes will get more&nbsp; morning sun, less afternoon sun. That means, because the morning sun is much&nbsp; cooler and much gentler as solar radiation,&nbsp;&nbsp; the grapes will ripen, but more&nbsp; elegantly, more delicately. So&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir on east-facing slopes will often be a&nbsp; little bit more “feminine”, they say, or elegant&nbsp;&nbsp; and not so concentrated, but they&nbsp; can have beautiful acidities. A south-east-facing slope will have a little bit&nbsp; better ripening because, of course, it is now more&nbsp;&nbsp; facing south, and this is in Burgundy, so this is&nbsp; in the northern hemisphere. That south-easterly&nbsp;&nbsp; aspect means that there’s a bit more of the&nbsp; sunshine around midday and towards midday, so&nbsp;&nbsp; that means that’ll be a bit more ripened. In fact,&nbsp; a lot of vineyards in Burgundy face south-east. Then south-facing: we have&nbsp; some in Burgundy facing south,&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course this is going to&nbsp; get much better sunlight around&nbsp;&nbsp; midday and certainly around lunchtime, when&nbsp; the sun is a bit more powerful, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there’s more heat and more ripening and&nbsp; solar radiation. So these will be more intense. If you were to then grow Pinot Noir on&nbsp; south-west-facing, or even west-facing,&nbsp;&nbsp; more south-west, which bits are in the Côte&nbsp; d’Or, like Santenay, they will have that very&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive afternoon sunshine, which tends to&nbsp; really ripen the grapes. In fact, some parts&nbsp;&nbsp; of Burgundy which are found on south-west-facing&nbsp; slopes, critics often label these when they taste&nbsp;&nbsp; them in big tastings as like a New World style.&nbsp; That reminds them of more ripened, sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; dried fruits, and much more concentration, maybe&nbsp; less balance, but certainly more concentration. So aspect, certainly with elegant&nbsp; grapes and delicate grapes like&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir, can have a huge impact&nbsp; in terms of the actual style.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once again, most of our slopes here face sort&nbsp; of east to south in our vineyards of Burgundy. So the key grape varieties now. Because&nbsp; we will go through Chardonnay in great&nbsp;&nbsp; detail when we look at the Côte de Beaune&nbsp; and other regions like the Mâconnais,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m just actually mentioning what&nbsp; Chardonnay is good for here in&nbsp;&nbsp; terms of its production. It is the key&nbsp; grape variety, about 50% of production,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s really because of Chardonnay’s&nbsp; popularity in the last 30 or 40 years or so. So half of production here is&nbsp; made, of course, in a linear,&nbsp;&nbsp; light style, which is quite&nbsp; minerally up in places like&nbsp;&nbsp; Chablis, and can be completely complex, rich,&nbsp; malolactic, buttery, oaky in certain other&nbsp;&nbsp; areas and village commune zones as well. So&nbsp; Chardonnay is a very, very key grape variety. About a third of production is Pinot Noir, and&nbsp; Pinot Noir is found mainly in the Côte de Nuits&nbsp;&nbsp; for us, but there is some&nbsp; in both the Côte de Beaune&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Côte Chalonnaise. Pinot Noir, as I&nbsp; mentioned, is really site-specific. Aspect,&nbsp;&nbsp; slope, all of those have a dramatic part&nbsp; to play in the overall style of the wine. Both of these grape varieties are old grape&nbsp; varieties. We have a lot of history behind them&nbsp;&nbsp; from this region. They have also, therefore,&nbsp; adapted lots of different clones of these&nbsp;&nbsp; varieties. Along with the site, the vineyard&nbsp; itself, things like aspect and so on, the clonal&nbsp;&nbsp; influences are quite specific here as&nbsp; well. Different clones have different&nbsp;&nbsp; adaptable characteristics. Maybe they are&nbsp; better at water absorption, maybe they are&nbsp;&nbsp; better in more drought-like conditions, maybe&nbsp; they’re better on different aspects, and so on.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there are a lot of clonal types of&nbsp; both of these available in Burgundy. We have Aligoté. Aligoté is a grape variety&nbsp; which is a cousin of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir,&nbsp;&nbsp; but unfortunately it’s kind of always been the&nbsp; ugly duckling, and it’s always been left behind,&nbsp;&nbsp; bless it. Because it is the ugly&nbsp; duckling, I have a soft spot for it. So what happens with this? Well, Aligoté has had&nbsp; to contend with Chardonnay for over a thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; years. It’s lost that battle, so Chardonnay&nbsp; is found in our most favourable areas where&nbsp;&nbsp; Aligoté isn’t. Aligoté is normally on flatter&nbsp; land. It produces more volume and often more&nbsp;&nbsp; neutral wines with high acidities. But there are&nbsp; some good areas, and certainly some producers are&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing on this grape variety. If you do find it&nbsp; on favourable areas with good aspect and slope,&nbsp;&nbsp; Aligoté, and good clones of Aligoté, can produce&nbsp; really wonderfully aromatic and textured wines.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it’s a bit of a Jekyll and Hyde&nbsp; grape variety, due to the fact&nbsp;&nbsp; really of its ambitious cousin Chardonnay,&nbsp; which has kind of over-dominated it for so long. Then we have Gamay, of course. We have Gamay.&nbsp; Gamay is a grape variety which has been populating&nbsp;&nbsp; most of France, and certainly central parts&nbsp; of France, for many years. It’s a grape that&nbsp;&nbsp; the aristocracy of old have hated, and it’s a&nbsp; grape of the people. Gamay yields very well,&nbsp;&nbsp; often four times the amount of Pinot Noir, and&nbsp; can also be left unchecked and left alone, and it&nbsp;&nbsp; will still really look after itself. It’s a very&nbsp; solid grape variety, Gamay. A very solid vine. Here in Burgundy, because of course Gamay&nbsp; we’ll talk about in Beaujolais more,&nbsp;&nbsp; Gamay is considered just an early-drinking&nbsp; style. It is found in many blends,&nbsp;&nbsp; and yes, in more simple Burgundian wines you can&nbsp; find a bit of Gamay, but light, gentle stuff. Okay, so now we’re going to go through the&nbsp; hierarchy, give you some examples of those&nbsp;&nbsp; hierarchy levels, and then we’ll go through some&nbsp; questions, some short written-answer questions. Here is your triangle of the hierarchy&nbsp; in Burgundy. At the bottom of the ladder,&nbsp;&nbsp; according to what you need&nbsp; to know for your textbooks,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to know that there are some regional&nbsp; appellations in Burgundy, such as Bourgogne Rouge&nbsp;&nbsp; and Bourgogne Blanc. Both of these are regional&nbsp; wines. The grapes will be sourced from all over&nbsp;&nbsp; Burgundy, and they will generally be an&nbsp; introduction style, or a simpler style,&nbsp;&nbsp; of both red and white. So Bourgogne Rouge and&nbsp; Bourgogne Blanc will normally be dominated by&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir and Chardonnay respectively,&nbsp; and often found on flatter lands,&nbsp;&nbsp; places which will have poorer drainage,&nbsp; more volume, less concentration, and so on. There are some regional areas as well.&nbsp; So the regional zones are broken into&nbsp;&nbsp; what used to be called districts, now&nbsp; sub-regional zones. These are things like&nbsp;&nbsp; Bourgogne Hautes-Côtes de Nuits, so Burgundy upper&nbsp; slopes of Nuits, Bourgogne Hautes-Côtes de Beaune,&nbsp;&nbsp; so Burgundy upper slopes of Beaune,&nbsp; Mâcon and Mâcon-Villages, for instance.&nbsp;&nbsp; These are more sub-regional. There are&nbsp; more inherent terroir aspects to them. What we mean by that is terroir concepts, really.&nbsp; They have specific locations. There’s a bit more&nbsp;&nbsp; of a microclimate about these zones. For example,&nbsp; the Bourgogne Hautes-Côtes de Nuits is actually on&nbsp;&nbsp; the top slopes, on the upper slopes in the hills&nbsp; behind the very famous south-east-facing slope&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Côte de Nuits. This is an area, therefore,&nbsp; that’s a bit more affected by the elements.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s a bit more sporadic up there, and it&nbsp; can be, you know, wines that have a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more concentration than a regional,&nbsp; but less than a village level. Above that, these regions and sub-regions are&nbsp; populated with villages. A commune is a village.&nbsp;&nbsp; So if the grapes are exclusively sourced from that&nbsp; village, it can bear the name of that village on&nbsp;&nbsp; the label. Examples of this include Chablis, of&nbsp; course; Gevrey-Chambertin in the Côte de Nuits;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meursault in the Côte de Beaune; Mercurey, which&nbsp; is in the Côte Chalonnaise; Pouilly-Fuissé,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is in the Mâconnais; and then Beaune,&nbsp; which is in the Côte de Beaune, of course. They are very well respected. They’ve been known&nbsp; over centuries and centuries, so of course they&nbsp;&nbsp; hold a lot of weight. A lot of people will tend to&nbsp; produce village-level commune wines if they can. Within each of those villages will be sites&nbsp; of very good importance, and they are called&nbsp;&nbsp; premier cru. So you’ll have on the label the&nbsp; name of the village, the commune, and the premier&nbsp;&nbsp; cru vineyard, the named vineyard. The example&nbsp; they’re giving there is Beaune Grèves. Beaune&nbsp;&nbsp; is our village; Grèves is the vineyard. These&nbsp; are going to be, of course, on some of the slope&nbsp;&nbsp; areas, facing south-easterly, east and south, with&nbsp; good drainage, often around the grand cru areas. Then the top one, of course, is grand cru. These&nbsp; are the highest-quality vineyard sites, the best&nbsp;&nbsp; areas, as we’ve just gone through, within a&nbsp; village, within a commune. So you’ll have Le&nbsp;&nbsp; Montrachet, which of course is in the Montrachet&nbsp; villages; Le Corton, which is within Aloxe-Corton,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the Corton hill; and the list will go on&nbsp; for these. These are your most expensive,&nbsp;&nbsp; premium and highest-quality-level wines. They are&nbsp; on the best sites, best slopes, best drainage,&nbsp;&nbsp; and often they’ll have a hell&nbsp; of a lot of history behind them,&nbsp;&nbsp; having been produced here for thousands&nbsp; of years. So that is your grand cru level. To put it into labelling for you, just&nbsp; so you’ve got some clear labels here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a Bourgogne Pinot Noir label from&nbsp; Château de Dracy, and that is from Albert Bichot.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is Bourgogne Pinot Noir, so it just means&nbsp; a Burgundy Pinot Noir. That is a regional label. Then you have a sub-regional&nbsp; label, which is Albert Bichot&nbsp;&nbsp; again. This is Côte de Nuits, so this&nbsp; is a sub-region as a part of Burgundy.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that’s around the Côte de Nuits, but&nbsp; all of the village areas around that. Then you have the village. So Albert Bichot,&nbsp; Vosne-Romanée is the name of the village.&nbsp;&nbsp; Within that village, you can have&nbsp; premier cru sites, of course. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; the named village and then&nbsp; premier cru: Les Malconsorts.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the premier cru name of&nbsp; that vineyard. So you have the&nbsp;&nbsp; village level, Vosne-Romanée, and then you&nbsp; have the named vineyard, Les Malconsorts. Then some of these villages, but not all,&nbsp; have grand cru, and in Vosne-Romanée there&nbsp;&nbsp; is Richebourg. It says grand cru on the&nbsp; label. With a grand cru, it will not put&nbsp;&nbsp; the name of the village. It just leads with the&nbsp; name of the grand cru. So this says Richebourg,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a very famous,&nbsp; very famous one, of course. That is going from more acceptable quality,&nbsp;&nbsp; from regional, to grand cru, which of course&nbsp; is exceptionally high premium quality. Okay, so just to wrap up the next few minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; some questions associated&nbsp; with what we just learned.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is our working written question. Please&nbsp; remember that the success of your examination&nbsp;&nbsp; will be centred around the written section. The&nbsp; multiple choice is often done very well, the&nbsp;&nbsp; tasting is often done very well, but it is this&nbsp; written area which is often the most challenging. Name three weather hazards and their&nbsp; effect on the vines in Burgundy. So&nbsp;&nbsp; how do these hazards affect the vines in Burgundy? First of all: a reduction&nbsp; of yield. This is an effect&nbsp;&nbsp; with summer rainfall that can disrupt&nbsp; flowering, and harvest rainfall that can&nbsp;&nbsp; cause rot. That is enough to get you two marks.&nbsp; In fact, that’s enough to really get you three,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s actually just two marks per hazard&nbsp; here. So that’s your first one, which we went&nbsp;&nbsp; through earlier. Pinot Noir is specifically&nbsp; susceptible to those harvest rainfalls. Hazard two: spring frosts can occur up to May.&nbsp; They reduce yields by damaging or destroying&nbsp;&nbsp; the buds. Some of this wording won’t be directly&nbsp; found in the Burgundy section of your text. What&nbsp;&nbsp; you are required to do, and how you should link&nbsp; to understand, is link something you’ve learned&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier on in the book about the viticultural&nbsp; aspects, general viticultural aspects. It mentions in the book that spring&nbsp; frosts here can occur up to May,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it doesn’t say anything else. You are&nbsp; expected to link it to earlier in your textbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; which says they reduce yields by damaging&nbsp; and destroying buds, the general concept. Hazard three is the hailstorm.&nbsp; Summer localised hailstorms&nbsp;&nbsp; can damage or destroy the vines, leading&nbsp; to a reduction in yield. The same again:&nbsp;&nbsp; the only thing that’s mentioned in your&nbsp; Burgundy section is summer hailstorms,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you need to then add what you would learn&nbsp; earlier on in the course to that. It’s your&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding of the concept. That will be six&nbsp; marks, two marks per hazard in that instance. Next up is: describe two reasons why Pinot Noir is&nbsp; particularly a challenge to grow here in Burgundy. Immediately, we know it’s a cool or&nbsp; moderate area. That is not a problem with&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir. Pinot actually prefers that. It is an&nbsp; early ripener, so please don’t put down anything&nbsp;&nbsp; around the fact that Pinot&nbsp; Noir is an early ripener,&nbsp;&nbsp; because that’s actually a benefit.&nbsp; We’re looking at problems. So Pinot Noir is early budding. That is a problem&nbsp; because there is a greater risk of spring frosts,&nbsp;&nbsp; which of course will occur&nbsp; somewhere like April or May.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinot Noir therefore runs the risk&nbsp; of being affected by spring frost. Reason two is Pinot Noir, really due to its&nbsp; thin skins, is quite susceptible to rot,&nbsp;&nbsp; and yields can be dramatically affected by&nbsp; those harvest rainfalls. Pinot Noir is quite&nbsp;&nbsp; subject to that. So there will be&nbsp; two marks available per reason there. Describe the likely viticultural conditions of a&nbsp; grand cru or premier cru vineyard. Now, in your&nbsp;&nbsp; text, they kind of group these two together.&nbsp; Grand cru is the best, but premier cru can&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes be better, but they’re normally&nbsp; just below in quality, but near in quality.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we need to understand what you would&nbsp; expect in the vineyard with these sites. First of all, they are likely to be found&nbsp; on mid-slopes where there is great drainage&nbsp;&nbsp; and less frost risk because&nbsp; there’s good aeration on a slope.&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve highlighted three things there because that&nbsp; will get you three marks in that one sentence:&nbsp;&nbsp; mid-slopes, good drainage and less frost risk. The frost risk is mentioned in your Burgundy&nbsp; part. The drainage is something you should&nbsp;&nbsp; just understand about slope, the effect&nbsp; of a slope, the fact it will drain better&nbsp;&nbsp; in that area. That will be found in&nbsp; the earlier parts of your textbook. The next part is: in addition, the aspect&nbsp; of these slopes will often be south to east,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that’s one mark there, offering&nbsp; protection from westerly winds, that’s&nbsp;&nbsp; one mark, and better but gentle ripening&nbsp; conditions as they are facing the sun,&nbsp;&nbsp; or have good aspect towards the sun.&nbsp; That will get you your sixth mark. There are other things that potentially&nbsp; could be mentioned here, but it’s difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; to generalise. You could say often that&nbsp; the vines are generally older in grand&nbsp;&nbsp; crus and premier crus, but it’s not always&nbsp; the case. You could also talk about clones.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are likely to be very high-quality and&nbsp; suited clones to the specific locations, so&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that actually is quite a good thing to&nbsp; include in there. It says viticultural conditions,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the actual vine itself, the clone of the vine&nbsp; itself, would fit into that. It is not a human&nbsp;&nbsp; influence so much. They are natural mutations&nbsp; and clones, so that would be fine as well. That is it for this rather long section.&nbsp; We’re looking at nearly 35 minutes. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much for your time and attention.&nbsp; I hope you found this very useful. Parts two, three and four, which are all listed&nbsp; here, will only be available for our members,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is available on winewithjimmy.com. That’s&nbsp; our e-learning portal, which gives you really&nbsp;&nbsp; great access to extra videos,&nbsp; lots of members-only videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; loads of examination questions,&nbsp; multiple-choice questions, over 700 of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; short written-answer questions, flashcards,&nbsp; revision sessions. It’s a very useful portal&nbsp;&nbsp; to give you more confidence as&nbsp; you go towards your examination. Please have a look at that for the extra&nbsp; ones. Part five, which is in fact Chablis&nbsp;&nbsp; and Chardonnay, is already online. That’s&nbsp; available as free content on the YouTube channel. Okay, great. Thank you so much for your time and&nbsp; attention. Any comments, concerns or questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; please get in touch either through&nbsp; the Wine with Jimmy website or with&nbsp;&nbsp; social media at Wine with Jimmy. It’s been a&nbsp; pleasure and we’ll see you soon. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WineWithJimmy [3 likes]: Want to feel more confident for your WSET Level 3 exam? 🍷
This revision course includes video lessons, flashcards, mock questions, and study notes — everything you need to prepare.
👉 Join here https://e-learningwine.winewithjimmy.com/courses
  2. @jillianhamilton1413 [3 likes]: thank you Jimmy, complelety missed this one somehow, thanks again for your wonderful explanations. I very much enjoy the fact you talk at a very good pace for me and its not 'running away' but of course can replay which I do... often 🙂
  3. @jasmeetrehan4536 [2 likes]: Loved this video. Very well explained and organised for the content
  4. @yriafehtivan [1 likes]: Côte = coast.
  5. @PardonMoyo-k8j [1 likes]: well explained thank you so much
  6. @emmaberildlundblad3828: Thank you so much for helping me get through both French Wine Scholar and my sommelier examination! Your videos have helped me a lot!
  7. @apexxxx10: "I started out on Burgundy but soon I hit the harder stuff" Robert Zimmerman aka "Bob Dylan"
  8. @zitmallik9899: Well explained ❤.Thank you very much 🥂
  9. @travellingstranger3378: why are the vines grown following the slope rather than on terraces that hug the slopes in a step like manner. This might extend premier crue zones (based on water retention) and protect soil from erosion. Could also allow for meccanised harvest (maybe). Is it just that there is an adversioon to change or there is no particular reason why terracing could not be implemented? Costs perhaps?
  10. @tonywong-mz7dk: Great ! Thanks for the class .
  11. @ngolosaguda1124: I like to watch your videos you explain deeply and nice. thank you so much Jimmy.
  12. @precioustendaikadohwata5780: The way I'm singing about Burgundy from this video oh my goodness 😍😍 this is super clear 👌👌👌
  13. @semsemra: Love your wine tutorials! ❤
  14. @winenerdbrian: Do you think an advanced somm , csw can knock out wset knock out this exam pretty quick?
  15. @shaketheworldwithattitude4382: Thank you, very usefull.... how to suscribe to you portal and learn more?
  16. @nicolasbisetti2072: Thank you very much, excellent explanation
  17. @sanjaypatelmd4669: How do I sign up for your talks?
  18. @LavenderLori406: Thank you!
  19. @KuroAkatsuki: Do you reckon the Western Winds coming from the Gulf could net you a mark as weather hazards ? You mentioned frosts,rainfall and hailstorms at 30:00
  20. @tamagobreathing1511: Very good lecture, thank you very much!

- Inside a $21 Million Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en you don't have to be a professional to enjoy wine the only thing you need to have is i like it or i like it not underneath the luxurious cobourg palace in vienna are six wine cellars filled with some of the rarest bottles of wine you've ever seen [Music] totally there are six different wine caves there are all together a little more than 50 000 bottles all together and i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising but the list is changing all the time i'm i think we are also in the top 10 worldwide to compare these top 10 is not possible all are equal fantastic for themselves what makes a wine expensive why do people spend ten thousand dollars on a bottle 100 000 on a bottle the one point is the quality but there are more points how old is the wine how many are existed how special is really this this vintage and the reputation also of the wine so it's not very not often just the quality it's always a mixture of all custom tours and tastings led by professional sommeliers take visitors to the six cellars each with its own theme france new world old world ikem champagne and rare wines wine tastings are quite affordable and you don't have to be passionate about wine to enjoy one of these there are also deluxe packages for wine connoisseurs where you get to enjoy some of the upper end bottles the entire place is the equivalent of a bank vault for wines but to be honest you feel more like you're in an art gallery than anything else and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is from where you're buying you're buying directly sorry for from the vineyard perfect directly from really good traders also okay but always be careful the most expensive bottle we sold was actually now about two years ago a bottle for 170 000 euros bottle of six litres awesome wine the oldest wine in the collection is from 1727 that's older than mozart himself here is chateau chem ekem is a very famous sweetwine vineyard we have all vintages produced since 1893 here in this cave on the left ladder the highest is 1893 one below 1895-1896 the market value of the collection is about 18 million euros just to give you guys a glimpse into the prices they've received an offer of 20 000 euros for this bottle of dom perignon and refused to sell you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [66 likes]: Hey Aluxers, while shooting our 900,000 Special we went inside this 21 million dollar wine collection! Enjoy!
PS: The full video is coming soon!
  2. @allanwiener230 [1 likes]: What is the purpose of amassing such a collection?
  3. @davidcaple6521 [1 likes]: Kind of obnoxious... To be honest. I have a meager 2000 bottles worth way less... The difference, I'll drink that shit before I die (hopefully). Crazy old bottles??? For what? A dick measuring contest I guess? I mean this respectfully, I am truly enamored by the collection but at some point you have to ask yourself, why? Sincerely...
  4. @ernis_star [1 likes]: all bullsh...t !
99% of people dont know the diference between a 1 € wine and a 1000 € wine.

and the irony is : yung people even like the 1 € wine....

it s like modern art !  things that are only ponzi scheme
  5. @montvilleo [1 likes]: Oh yeah? Well I once had 48 - 12 oz bottles of "Southern Tier Pumpking" beer in my refrigerator !!!
  6. @ykhykh816 [1 likes]: The glass cabinets give me anxiety
  7. @yriafehtivan [1 likes]: $21 million / 50,000 bottles is roughly $420 per bottle. Damn, and I thought paying $30 for a basic level bottle of Burgundy was a bit pricy.
  8. @waskerbasket9601 [1 likes]: What is written on the floor?
  9. @achdjianfinearts [1 likes]: ridiculous !  so stupid !  there are thousands of much better wines at very unexpensive prices !
  10. @DesReck: wonder how many have TCA taint or premox
  11. @bs10098121: Wow!! A miniature piece of heaven here!!
  12. @aam3489: 3:50 Why is there arabic writing
  13. @Jupe367: When a wine has a date is that when it was bottle?  I see that there are wine back in 1800s.  Is wine any good after 20 years?
  14. @luisgamass5585: I was there 8 years ago Super impresive !!
  15. @Ody-up6kg: I did not see a single bottle of 1976 Boone's Farm!
  16. @martygt3357: You have way to much wine.  If you would like help fixing this problem, give me a call.
  17. @edmacfarlane9483: Awesome! I’d like to walk around with a Coravin sneaking a few samples!
  18. @Pandolcee: Over the last 2 years I have become more and more interesting in wine collecting for some reason, maybe I just like the elegance of the wine and the way its presented, or maybe I'm an alcoholic in disguise
  19. @teri-rossicyda2874: stunning
  20. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: Смотри не заблудись

- HOW TO: DARK BURGUNDY HAIR DYE AT HOME: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I only think about how do all of my dying videos start like this. I always look the same. Today we're going to be doing one of my favorite videos to film and one of your favorite videos to watch hopefully. I am dying my hair. I actually went on Instagram um and I asked you guys if you wanted me to go burgundy again and the overwhelming amount of yes, do it that I got is insane. So, today we're going burgundy again with your permission. I was actually really, really, really excited to do this video because I'm going to be using a brand new dye. Look, I have my own color chart. Oh, I love it. Today, I'm going to be trying out the Spanish brand, Aral. Uh, apparently the owner of this company, her name was Laura. So, um, it's got all your beautiful colors. Oh my god, this thing is too big for me. My hair color at the moment is currently like, uh, this. Um, I'm going to go double the shades darker. I picked up two of their dyes. um the 4.77 and 577 which is kind of like a burgundy borderline purple type of a color. Got everything. Look, it's like coral. It's insane. I love this. Anyways, I picked up two of their dyes. I'm going to be mixing them together to get hopefully a gorgeous color. So, let's do it. I was wrong. that I didn't pick up these two colors. I actually picked up these two colors. 577, which is an intense light violet brown, and 467, which is a medium violet red brown. So, basically, the 467 is just a tad darker and more red than the 577. I also have their 20 volume developer, which is going to be my color thingy today. So, let's jump straight into the mixing process. Dancing. Oh yeah. only about We only think about dancing. Woohoo. Oh yeah. I only think about and around. Leaving this on for 45 minutes. Then I'm going to wash it. Then I'm going to style it. And then I'm going to show it to you as I always do. This is really kind of a predictable video, but it always looks good. So cool. So my hair has processed and now it's time to go wash this off. For that, I decided to go the full way with the product. So, Arwal also have these shampoos and conditioners that are specifically for their colored hair. And I decided since I'm doing their color, might as well wash it with their shampoos and treatment mask. Oh, it smells so good. Anyways, I'm going to go and wash it with these and I'm going to come back and I'm going to tell you all about my hair. I know. I look amazing. This is my hair color. I missed the dark. I love dark hair. Oh my god. Okay, so I'm definitely not one of those people that's going to tell you, "Oh my god, you should go for highlights. You should go blonde. You should No, don't go burgundy. Go copper. Go red. Oh my god, I'm in love." Today I had one of those moments where I completely forgot that I kind of dyed my hair. So, when I got up in the morning and I paused myself obviously in the mirror, I got like a big fright cuz obviously I wasn't yet used to this and that's like one of the most insane feelings ever. But yeah. Okay. So, I like it. I think it came absolutely incredible. Look at this. Look at this. Here I have some darker bits and here I've got like lighter bits and I see hints of red but it's overall kind of like a purple more than it is burgundy which I'm loving because I never ever had this color. Definitely definitely recommend these colors. I have never used them before. So it was like love at first sight, okay, but it was like more like love at first use. As I said, I used 20 volume developer all over and I left it on for 45 minutes. So I'm going to link everything down in description box below. These are salon quality hair dyes. So, chances are you'll find them more in a hair salon. So, if you ever come across them, now you know what they're like. And I did receive new jewelry in the post yesterday, which I decided to pair with this look. Oops. And this gorgeous, gorgeous little gold necklace. These beauties are from Anna Louisa New York. I've actually posted about them previously, so if you want to check them out, go ahead because I absolutely love their stuff. And this is all real gold, so it's not some fake stuffs. Everything is going to be down description box below if you want to check it out, which I sure hope you do. And I hope you go for this color change. I hope you enjoyed this video. I really hope you give it a go. And I will see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RNA-l9d [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  2. @wendylinacreations9605 [1 likes]: Omg. Beautiful
  3. @Mike-Babanuchiii: Kan du hjælpe med link til hvor du har købt hårfarven og det du har brugt for at få den farve 🙌🏻
  4. @chocomellie: I really like it but it is always difficult to keep the colour and also you see Quick my Grey and blond roots🫠 but i LOVE iT you are are STUNNING
  5. @chocomellie: You are gorgiousssss😍😍😍😍😍😍
  6. @mildredsoler5660: Beautiful not black, color is fabulous
  7. @chaithrasrir: How she Perfectly applying herself ❤
  8. @iidannaaa4956: I keep rewatching 💖🥹 but while matching your hair this time 🙌🏻✅
  9. @iidannaaa4956: 2024 🥰✨✨✨
  10. @evunyy1: How do you order the color level books
  11. @katherineN83: Beautiful color! I want to do it today! Do you had highlights before? Because I do and I was watching videos that I have first to use a filler, did you do something?
  12. @sadalotjjk8478: This was 5 years ago i probably won't get an answer but it is possible to have this color on black Virgin hair
  13. @KekeThunyanadarSan-rj9xq: Ufjxj
  14. @dannaphea4047: I love it
  15. @pebles361: Would you need to bleach it if you want that color but you have dark brown hair with carmel highlights? It looks so beautiful and I want it!! 😮
  16. @vivveene: First time I'm seeing a Burgundy color I'm inlove with.  I'm always seeing red Burgundy which is not what im looking for.
  17. @seemiasad1627: Amazing result
  18. @smolderingartemis: FINALLY the color I want and I can't get the dye in my country 😢😩
  19. @theshadowfax239: That's purple girl, not burgundy. 😑
  20. @thatbookismine: Love this! Planning to dye my hair again in December

- Kylie Jenner: My Purse Closet Tour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys we are in my purse closet you might have seen it on my snapchat or my instagram this is pretty much where i keep all my purses i made a little room for them in my house and i did this all custom so they all could have like a little home and be lit up really pretty my favorite row definitely would have to be the hermes and i have been collecting these bags for a minute they're also a great investment this one here is really special if my house is on fire i would take this one out of all of them if i could only choose one the one that i think is like the most unique and cool is definitely the dalmatian i think it's really beautiful so black is pretty cool um they have all like black hardware so i really like that one they come in a bunch of different styles courtney gave me this which i think is super cute i was really surprised because i feel like courtney never really cares about christmas gifts so when she gave me this last year it was really special this one i'm definitely gonna let stormy wear probably when she says mommy i wanna gary at first so this is probably gonna be your first purse a purse that's also really special to me well two purses are these two purses my mom gave these to me and kendall when we were like super babies so i'm definitely gonna give this to stormy this judith libra bag is special to me because kim gave this to me she loves collecting judith leiber bags but my mom gave me this little lipstick one too so definitely have to wear this out soon and then of course all the louis collabs they've done supreme murakami oh my mom gave me this for christmas also and she knows how obsessed i am with her so she got this really cool piece from an artist this little bag was also my mom gave me this to me and kendall when we were babies so you know she keeps everything so i still have it it's a little dirty this is like in all our baby photos me and kendall like we're always holding these at little like holidays and events so i love this little coin purse well that's about it and i will leave you guys to take a closer look you

- The Luxury Jewelry MISTAKES I REGRET MOST !: Kind: captions Language: en Honestly, I have spent a ridiculous amount on luxury jewelry over the years. Hey guys, welcome back. So, yes, you're probably noticing a new setup behind me. Yes, I am in my new closet, but that is for another video. The reason why I wanted to change things up a little bit is because today I'm going to be talking about my jewelry. Plus, I have my jewelry stored in the drawers in front of me. So, honestly, I have spent a ridiculous amount on luxury jewelry over the years. So, for those of you that are new to my channel, hi, I'm Mel. I have been buying and collecting luxury bags, jewelries, accessories for over 20 years. And I definitely have made my fair share of mistakes. And I think this is going to be a really interesting video because some of the mistakes I made might not always be the obvious ones because it's not always about, oh, this was a terrible piece or I hate this purchase. But I think for me it was more like how I was building my collection. So today I'm going to be talking through the luxury jewelry mistakes I regret the most. But I'll also be sharing a couple of things I think I got right as well. Because this video is not saying that everything was wrong. It's more about what I've learned after so many years of collecting. So, I hope you find this video interesting. Grab a cuppper and let's get right into it. Mistake number one, buying way too much high-end costume jewelry. Now, this may be an obvious one, but I really went overboard, guys. I have mentioned this before in my videos and I remember buying my first pair of Chanel earrings probably almost 20 years ago and you know this could be controversial because you're probably asking Mel but you do own costume jewelry from high-end designers. Yes, I do. I do still wear my Chanel costume jewelry. I do still wear my Dior or other brands that I have. But my mistake was I just went overboard. Let me just kind of show you. And I've got my tray here. Okay, guys. Look at this. This, I would say, is 90% Chanel. I do own some of the other brands like I mentioned like Dior. I own a couple of LV, Hermes, and I still enjoy them. And I totally get why it is so popular because when you first start buying luxury, buying these costume jewelry pieces are relatively cheaper. You know, they give you the look, they give you the branding, they are so pretty. They can do definitely bolder designs in costume jewelry, but the big thing is they cost so much. It's normally like brass that's just been plated in a thin layer of gold. A lot of people are actually allergic to costume jewelry because it's not, you know, sterling silver or solid gold or white gold and so forth. But you know what? Over time, as Chanel prices have gone up and up and up, we've all been complaining about that. Their costume jewelry has gone up and up and up. And I was just thinking to myself, I can't believe I've spent thousands upon thousands of dollars on costume jewelry. You know how I showed you one tray? That's not all. Look at this one. That is another tray of just all Chanel costume jewelry from colored enamel, colored stones to gold. Not real gold or silver. Lots of pearls cuz you guys know I love pearls. But these are not real pearls. These are just glass pearls, guys. To fake Dontes. Yeah, I am guilty as charged. And naturally, as the prices went up, I started to ask myself like, hang on a second, I'm spending thousands and it's not even real gold or silver. I really could have put that money towards fine jewelry which will last long term. So then you have noticed the last few years I have definitely cut back on my costume jewelry and I have not bought it in ages except I have to say I probably have bought Hermes because Hermes is my favorite brand. But Chanel, no, not for years now. But I look at my collection now and it's even though it's so pretty, they're not the easiest to maintain. Especially with Chanel, I've had pearls fall out, the repairs, they still charge you um because it's not real gold or even sterling silver, they tarnish. Anyways, they're not the easiest to maintain because you can't shower with them. You've got to be a bit more careful and so forth. So, it might sound like, "Oh gosh, I'm bagging costume jewelry." I'm not. What I'm saying is for me personally, you can just see from what I've shown you earlier, I just bought way too much. So, I'm not saying don't buy costume jewelry because I honestly think costume jewelry has its place. And there are some gorgeous Chanel costume jewelry pieces that, you know, when they are parading down the runways in their shows, they look so good and impactful. Like for example, I think these were my most expensive ones I bought. I mean, how stunning is that? That is going to be really hard to achieve in a fine jewelry piece. So, I get it. I think, you know, you should still for the pieces you love, still buy some of the costume jewelry. And it's not even just Chanel. Like, I also like Dior costume jewelry, and I know they're really popular as well. So, please don't get me wrong. I'm just saying don't invest too much money in it. So, if I was rebuilding my collection today, I would still buy costume jewelry, but I just wouldn't buy so much of it. I definitely would be more selective because I would ask myself, am I really buying it because it adds something to my jewelry collection or am I buying it because it's got a big CC logo or a big Dior logo on there? And if I'm being honest, when I reflect back at some of those Chanel costume jewelry purchases, a lot of them have an obvious CC branding. And when I think about the jewelry pieces I wear the most now, some of it it's not that loud. You might not be able to tell it's a designer piece. Some of it, of course, you can. So guys, learn from my mistake. You don't need this many costume jewelry pieces. Buy some of the statement pieces and that's enough. So mistake number two for me was not prioritizing versatility earlier. I think I used to buy jewelry quite individually. Like I'm a bit of a matchy matchy person. So I definitely had to buy a pair of earrings or I had to buy that pretty ring cuz it went with my look or a certain statement necklace for example. And then before I knew it, my jewelry collection just grew and grew. and not necessarily in quality. And I think one thing that has changed throughout the years is I feel like I'm naturally more drawn to pieces that I can style up in different ways. And like for example, you know, I love pearls. So I find myself I'm gravitating towards, you know, the pearl earrings that may be asymmetrical or the pearl necklace um that may be a twoin one. You know, even when I am creating my own collection, I always think of versatility. Like I always said to you, Mel loves a twoin- one. And earlier on, I wasn't like that. One thing that I have been considering is the Van Clee Arel's flippable alumbra ring because you can wear it two ways. You get two different looks. So yeah, I like pieces that, you know, you can just dress up or down or there's just different ways you can wear them. But I have been talking about exploring more jewelry brands. For example, with Shaw, I kind of regret, no, I don't regret it, but I I one Shaw piece, which I absolutely love, but I tried the Be My Love collection back then. I was really attracted to it. And I think if I had bought it, I would have got more wear out of those rings than the ring I bought. So, I definitely want to revisit that because that be my love uh collection, especially for the rings, you can stack them and you can wear them different ways. Like one side could be plain, the other side could be diamonds. So, I like that. And so, it's good to see that luxury jewelry houses are sort of understanding that because I think people want a bit more versatility, especially if you're paying so much for luxury pieces, right? So, for me, if there are two pieces that I'm deciding between, I find myself definitely gravitating towards a piece where you could possibly style more ways than the single piece that you could only wear as is. And so, that's why I'm so excited to let you know Ideal have brought out their soldout limited collection. You guys know I've worked with Ideal for years now, and when it was released, I even missed out because they came, they were gone. Everyone's been asking for them back, including me. Thank you, Ideal, for listening. And it is their poems collection. And I love Ideal. Their whole concept is just so smart because it's all about building your collection and their earrings and necklaces and rings you can just wear in multiple ways. So me, right? So let me tell you about this poems collection because you are going to love it. So basically it is like their other system where before you know you start off with a stud and then you can just buy different add-ons and change up your look. So now it's the same thing but now it is with hoops and they are just stunning. So you can either pick a diamond hoop or a solid 14 karat gold hoop and it comes in yellow gold, white gold, rose gold. So I picked a mixture. So let me just show you this one. That is the yellow gold diamond hoop. And then they've got all these different add-ons. So this one here is gorgeous. Let me show you. It is called pho. So it's got two pear-shaped diamonds. And then basically all you do is just loop it through and voila. So, this one since it's a bit more of a statement piece, I am going to wear it on my left ear cuz I've only got one piercing and it is just gorgeous. So, you just click it. How pretty is that? Look at that sparkle. Oh my goodness. Love, love, love it. Okay, let me show you what's on my right ear. Uh, this one I do have three piercings. So, this is much more fun because I can play around with proportions. So, on my first piercing I chose the diamond hoop and this is the echo add-on. I just like that it's got a bit more movement. Then on my second piercing, I picked cloud because, you know, I love ovals and I love that this oval is actually not vertical, but it is horizontal. And I actually chose the solid gold hoop just to break it up a little bit. And then on my third piercing, I chose a white gold diamond hoop because another thing I love mixing metals now. Before I had to be matchy matchy. My handbag was in yellow gold. I had to have everything else matching yellow gold. But now I love mixing metals. So that is a white gold diamond hoop. And this is called petal. And I think that just softens the whole look up. in and I like that sort of cascading effect and it doesn't look too much. I absolutely adore how that looks and that is exactly what I mean by versatility. Like you can just buy one like I only chose one of each and this is different shape as well but it's still so cohesive. You can match different lengths. You can match different metal works. So my taste as I said throughout the years it's changed and you it's reflected in even my wedding band stack because this is a mix of white gold and yellow gold as well. I think when you mix metals actually makes your jewelry feel a bit more personal and individual. And there's just so much variety to whether you like pear, emerald, oval, marquees. They've got all different add-ons. So for example, I've just switched it up if I wanted a more dramatic look. See how I've paired pho and then echo and then I've just done the diamond hoop. So this is an all, you know, all gold stack and that looks stunning as well. Gone of the days where you have to buy a pair of matching earrings. Now you can start off with a base whether it's a stud or hoop and then just build your collection and you actually get so much more looks out of it. And I just love that they're so particular and the attention to detail in their craftsmanship is just second to none. You guys know that last year I was the only creator that they invited to theirilier. So I firsthand saw up close how painstakingly long it took to set each diamond, how they select their diamonds. They're lab grown diamonds, but they are the highest quality in terms of color, clarity, and visiting the Itilia and just seeing everything in real life. I think you guys saw this, too. You just have a greater appreciation because you just know how much work goes into each piece. So, this collection, I don't know when they're bringing it back cuz the last time they brought it back was months ago. So, I'm so glad I got them because it is a great time to pick up pieces like this poems collection or even if you've been eyeing some of their other pieces because to celebrate May, to celebrate mothers, not even just mothers, to celebrate yourself for the next week or so, they have 20% off sitewide, which is their biggest sale of the year. Make sure you click my link below to get 20% off because some of these pieces, I don't know when they'll come back. So yes, that's another big lesson I've learned. I'm no longer asking, do I just like this piece? I'm like, how versatile is it going to be? And I think once you start thinking like that, you naturally start buying a little bit more intentionally. All right, so before we go into mistake number three, I do want to talk a little bit about anchor pieces. If you are starting your luxury jewelry collection, um what I define as an anchor piece is like a piece that you reach for without thinking. Um, a piece that just goes with everything. A piece that just say you lost, you would go out and repurchase tomorrow. And that for me, my anchor piece is my bracelet stack. For you, it might be something different. It might be a necklace stack, for example, or a ring stack. So, this is my bracelet stack. And I don't ever take this off. And so, this is my my first sort of anchor piece was my Cartiier Love Bracelet in four diamonds in yellow gold. And this has been great up until recently. If you haven't seen that video, I'll link it above. But yeah, basically it fell off. It shouldn't. But I did get so many years out of wear of this. I recently put it back on. I've been checking it a lot. But it is a piece that people love this and often buy it as their anchor piece and then they keep buying it as their anchor piece. And that's why you see some people have just a stack of love bracelets all up their arm. But why I think I got this anchor piece right is that I built around this. And this is my Van Clee and Appel's Perlay clover bracelet in the thicker size. And this was so expensive, guys. But I don't regret it one bit. I think by buying this, it honestly made me love Van Clee even more. And honestly, because I don't take this off, I wear this every day. Cost per wear. It's actually my best jewelry investment. And then my last anchor piece is my most special, which is my mother-in-law's diamond sort of channel set bracelet, which just adds a personal touch. And I'm always looking to build on my stack, but I've been much more particular about it because I just want to make sure that I love it and it's a piece that I am going to wear every day. So, I've been saying for the last couple of years, I've been considering the Bulgree Sepanti, maybe something from Messica. I'm not sure, but I'm taking my time because an anchor piece is for me something I won't take off and probably will be something with diamonds, so it will be very expensive. So, uh anchor pieces I think I got right. But where my mistake is is that you know like I mentioned before when it is an iconic um piece from the brand for example the love or even the perle from Van Clee you can fall in love with the house so much that you can get a bit carried away and I think for me that was with Van Clee out of all the designer jewelry categories I own so much Van Clee now don't get me wrong I love my Van Clee magic earrings like I own them in green. I own them in um white mother of pearl and if they had more colors I would add them because I wear them so much. But I have to be honest, one of the most popular categories is the Van Clee and Arlels bracelets. They're five motif bracelets. And as you can see, oopsie, I have one, two, three, four, five, six. And I just thought in terms of all the Bang Clee Alumbumberra pieces, this one is the most worth it. If you look at, oh, you get five motifs instead of like just one for a necklace. Like I still really enjoy their necklaces because I like layering. But I have to be honest and tell you that I just thought, oh, I've got my anchors stack. I can just I'm going to be wearing these so much and I love Malikite, so I'm going to get one in Malachite. And oh, you know, the Gillsh collection came out. This is great. I'm going to wear this. And I do wear them, guys. I love the Lumber collection. But really, did I really need one in every single color? I almost bought another one a couple of years ago, but I really had to ask myself, you know, how much do you wear your five motif bracelets? And out of all my Van Cleave collection, I've done my Van Cleave collection uh before. I probably only added a couple since then, but I'll also link it up here if you were interested in watching it. I also go through the different stones and the pros and cons. But anyway, this video is not about Van Clee, but I have a lot of Van Clee. And it's not like I didn't buy good pieces cuz they are good pieces. I just bought too much of the same design language because I just love Van Clee so much. So for me looking back, I think I just bought too much of the same brand because what I've been saying the last couple of years is I definitely want to explore more of the other brands because every brand there is a beautiful iconic collection too and I like variety and I like trying different things and I definitely think I went overboard in Van Clee. So when I look at my collection nowadays, it's like very concentrated in the same sort of design language. So if I was to rebuild my collection today, I absolutely would still buy Van Clee, but like I said, I would explore other brands as well. Sh or Messica or Buluri or Pia. Not because those brands are necessarily better or anything, but because just adding some different jewelry pieces. I'm not saying you have to buy a lot, but just adding maybe one um or two jewelry pieces from different brands adds like a different contrast to your jewelry collection. You get different variety, different textures, different patterns. And I think to me that makes a jewelry collection feel a bit more elevated. So I got this category partially right with my anchor pieces. I don't have a full arm of Van Clee or a full arm of Cartiier. But yeah, if I was rebuilding today, I would definitely have diversified my collection a bit earlier because I think that makes for a more balanced jewelry collection, right? Mistake number four is not shopping by category earlier. Like I said to you before, you guys know I'm an earrings girl. But I think in the past, whether it was earrings, necklaces, bracelets, whatever. If I liked it and I thought it was pretty, I would buy it. Um, it would be definitely more of an emotional purchase. And there's nothing wrong with that. To some extent, jewelry should be an emotional piece. But the problem is before I knew it, when I stepped back and looked at my collection, I was like, there are so many pieces that I just don't reach for. and they're costly. Even if it's costume jewelry, it all adds up. And costume jewelry is not cheap. I could have got a real diamond or cultured pearls or solid 14 or 18 karat gold. So, I guess I could say it wasn't all doom and gloom because the mistakes I made, I did buy most of them in earrings, but still, I would say they're still more like emotional purchases. just again as the example I used before with Van Clee. Um I I do love my bracelets because I have a bracelet stack, but why did I buy so many Van Clee bracelets? Wouldn't it have made more sense to buy more Van Clee earrings if I was an earrings girl? I even own more Van Clee necklaces than earrings. But I do like my Van Cleave necklaces though. But really earrings, I should be investing in earrings, right? Again, that's not me saying I regret all my Van Cleave bracelets or all my Chanel costume jewelry earrings. I just think I should have been a lot more intentional about it. So guys, please learn from this mistake. Ask yourself, what category do you wear the most? Don't get caught up by the prettiness or what everyone's buying or I see this on Instagram everywhere. What do you wear the most? And by thinking about that more, you know, you'll make smarter purchases as well. But besides earrings, like I would say the last three, four years, I've definitely gotten a lot more into rings. I just think rings are a very fun way and change the mood of your hand. So, just quickly, the rings I'm wearing again from Ideal. I love them because they are stackable, all different shapes. Again, look at that sparkle. And these are also 20% off. So, again, I can change them up. I can wear this one. I know it stacks well with this. Again, it's a mixture of yellow gold and white gold or sometimes I put yellow gold together. So, that's just one example, but rings are just easy to rotate, right? And sometimes I like a few delicate rings on one hand. Sometimes I like more of a statement ring. So, I know that rings, for example, is a category if I want to, you know, spend on luxury jewelry that I'm more willing to. And, for example, with necklaces, I've come to realize this over time. Before I would just buy really pretty pieces. You guys are thinking, why did you buy that, Mel? But let me show you this Chanel choker I never wear anymore. It was so expensive, guys. And I have not touched this for years. And it took me a while to discover that even though necklaces might not be my most worn category, when I wear my necklaces, I like to layer. So my necklace stack here, you can I mentioned this before. This is my little Van Clee sweet um alumbra necklace. But if I'm going to get a choker, this again, this is from Ideal. This is the cherry choker. So, I just love this cherry choker because if you look, it just has little tiny droplets. So, it gives a little bit of movement. If you wanted this, I don't know when it's going to come back cuz it was part of their limited collection that sold out. I got this like last year. I wear this so much and I stack it with my Van Clee or my other designer necklaces as well. So, this is a really good one. But yeah, I just like layering more and I mentioned this in a recent video, but much more bold necklaces like this Tiffany necklace. I just even though it's so nice, I just haven't worn it because it is very bold as in I like to usually wear earrings. So, if you wear something like this, you've got to keep your earring really understated. So yeah, it is sometimes trial and error from wearing things, styling things, and knowing your style. And sometimes, you know, it's okay to get it wrong because your style does evolve over time. So if I was rebuilding my collection today, I would definitely think more intentionally in terms of category. Before you make a big purchase, look at your whole jewelry collection and say, "What am I missing? Maybe I've overbought in a certain category." And then you may not make as many mistakes. And then the final mistake is not leaving enough room for personality in your collection or too much personality in my case. So this mistake might be a little bit hard to explain but I think it's all about balance because whilst I did talk about intentionality, versatility, I think jewelry is emotional too. It's not always about oh cost per wear, investment, practicality. Sometimes pieces are special because they have sentimental value. Sometimes they're special because they're a gift. Sometimes it might be special because it marked a particular milestone. So for me, I think every good jewelry collection needs personality. And again, for me, the mistake I made was I had too much personality in my costume jewelry collection. But then again, you don't want your collection to be too practical and strategic that your collection feels a little bit flat, too. I mean, it could make perfect logical sense. And I'm not saying, please don't get me wrong, that, you know, don't think about your purchases or anything like that. I just think also leave room for pieces that it it might not make sense that you spent a lot on that one piece of costume jewelry or that vintage piece or something else, but it is special to you. That's what I'm talking about. There are just some pieces that might not make sense, but they make sense to you because you just love them so much. So absolutely leave room for some personality pieces. But for me specifically in that a lot of my collection is skewed to costume jewelry resin. I wish I had started building my fine jewelry collection earlier because now when it comes to it I don't even wear a lot of my costume jewelry pieces very much and that is a waste, isn't it? So I feel like I understand the balance much more much better now. I definitely will still have the statement pieces, those fun pieces, but the majority of my collection will be pieces that I actually will, you know, take out and use because that is the true test whether you even use your jewelry pieces, right? So, if I was rebuilding my collection today, I would definitely focus more on the foundational pieces. So, I would have started my bracelets back earlier instead of spending all my hard-earned money on Chanel costume jewelry earrings every single year because I think when you build your foundation, when you add personality pieces or more fun pieces, it actually makes your collection feel more special to me anyway. And I think also it does come with age. Uh the older you get, it's not like I have to have every new piece. I have to admit before I was definitely more caught up in the excitement of, oh, I got another pair of Chanel earrings, I got another pair of Dior earrings. It's really easy to fall into, oh, I love it. I got to get it. Whereas in my mindset now is, does it add something more meaningful into my collection? Is it something that I can see myself reaching for? Not just because it's really pretty. And I think if I asked myself that question earlier, I definitely would have saved myself thousands and thousands of dollars. But I hope that from me sharing my experiences from 20 years of collecting that it helps you guys out for you that may be starting your luxury collection or building your luxury collection. Now, please don't get me wrong. There are so many pieces that I absolutely love from my collection. So, it's this is not like I regret everything video because there are a lot of these pieces that if I lost today, I would reby again. But, there are definitely some lessons to be learned. And you know what? Sometimes that can only come with time. That's why I thought it was important to make this video because you you could do your research. You could ask for advice, but sometimes you don't really know until you buy and wear it and then live with it and then realize, oops, because for me, um, I wish someone had sort of shared with me some of their mistakes. And I'm not saying I wouldn't make mistakes myself, but I I definitely would have thought about my purchases a little bit more and I would have approached collecting jewelry differently. So guys, that is it for this video. I hope by me sharing my mistakes that I've made and some of the things that I've got right have helped you guys. I would love to know. Is it just me? But what's one jewelry mistake that you have made? Please let me know in the comments below. And also don't forget to check my last video, you know, my spontaneous giveaway. I will also draw the winners for the two Luna New Year red packets. But I also need your help because I want to know for my 10 years YouTube celebration which is this month. What would you guys like me to give away? Would you like something vintage like something I've curated like maybe a vintage bag or something from Hermes or maybe um a jewelry piece? Please let me know. I love giving back. I wouldn't be here without you guys and just thank you for being with me all these years. I appreciate it so so much. So again, if you are interested in any of the pieces I'm wearing from Ideal, make sure you click my link below to get 20% off because some of these pieces, I don't know when they'll come back and they're so so good and I've been wearing them so much. So have a fabulous day or night, guys, and I will catch you in my next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MelinMelbourne [4 likes]: ➡️ PLS LET ME KNOW… Hi my loves! Need your suggestions for my 10 YEAR YT GIVEAWAY 🎉What would you like me to giveaway? A vintage bag? something from Hermes? a jewelry piece? Pls comment to let me know. Firstly, wishing all mummas a happy Mother’s Day!! 💕 
So in this video, I’m sharing the biggest mistakes I regret making, what I would genuinely do differently if I started again, and the pieces I still think were absolutely worth it. This is an honest deep dive into how my approach to jewellery has completely evolved over time, from impulse buying to building a collection with much more intention. Hope you find the video helpful x Mel 

⭐️ Get 20% off IDYL using my link: https://bit.ly/idylMIM (ends 24th May) 
+ FREE gift with every order and FREE Worldwide shipping (no duties/taxes)

------------------------
💎 ITEMS MENTIONED 
(all IDYL links are not affiliated, I don't make any commission if click my lins)

LIMITED HOOPS COLLECTION 
Diamond Hoop: https://bit.ly/idylmimdiamondhoop
Solid Gold Hoop: https://bit.ly/idylmimsolidgoldhoop
Philo: https://bit.ly/idylmimphilo
Echo: https://bit.ly/idylmimecho
Cloud: https://bit.ly/idylmimcloud
Petal: https://bit.ly/idylmimpetal

NECK
Cherry Choker: https://bit.ly/idylmimcherry
VCA Sweet MOP Pendant: (exact): https://bit.ly/4dEdxZ9

RINGS
Rhea: https://bit.ly/idylmimrhea
Melia:https://bit.ly/idylmimmelia
Kali: https://bit.ly/idylmimkali

My FAVES: https://bit.ly/idylmimfavourites
Wearing: Vintage Polo Shirt (similar): https://bit.ly/4uziitv
  2. @heisookcha [1 likes]: We are all working on it. If you got some lessons from there, it will be ok
  3. @ezekielzx7716 [1 likes]: YASSS LONG AWAITED CLOSET TOUR IS COMINGGGG
  4. @maiwenfagot1043 [1 likes]: i think you could give away a fun bag or earring. Of course hermes is nice, but i feels like a lot, while you can have fun finding a really fun bag and let viewer who really like it not just for the brand win it
  5. @michelleyeoh909: Mel happy mother’s day
  6. @ChenTan-de1cc: The best video you have ever made!! It will be very helpful to many people.
  7. @2010happybill: Please oh please do your current Hermes handbag collection.
  8. @jaks_bag_attack: Love the location makes it more fun
  9. @Diana2025H: If you like pearls, invest in a strand of Australian White pearls necklace.  You will not regret it.
  10. @celestialblueceleste2511: Everyone is looking for added value or versatility in their jewelry, be it high end fine jewelry or designer costume. Today's consumer has high expectations.
  11. @Luxebarbie: yassss you’re so informative and helpful ❤
  12. @silver_tears9225: Mel, I haven’t seen u in a while. I hope you’re doing well, healthy and blessed. 💞🌸 HAPPY MOTHER’s DAY! 😍😍😍
  13. @SilC44: My love I have always suggested to not spending so much on costume jewelry…it’s always more beneficial to invest in real gold jewelry…even luxury, I know you love Van Cleve and Arpel or Tiffany, Cartier’s 💜
  14. @lksandful: My biggest mistake was buying Tiffany diaimond rather than purchasing the diamond and having it custom make....nobody knows it is Tiffany and just think of the bigger one I could have had  that would not have Tiffany inside the band...hehe....  I don't know now that  you own all that why you would not keep it for your ""mini me".   I have things that are really old from my mother.   Actually one pair of her cc sunglasses was in the new Devil Wears Prada...made me laugh...guess their budget was smaller for this movie
  15. @michellesantiago820: The closet is beautiful and very homey, rather than the ones I had seen, some looks like a department store. :)
  16. @sijilo: :hand-pink-waving:
  17. @MissJIF: And Happy Mother's Day to you too! Fantastic closet🤩 My jewelry regrets are many, lifelong learning process. I regret discarding vintage, especially a pareure that unlocked into a brooch and tiara combo, love to find something similar again!

Also I regret not treating delicate beloved objects with much more care. I've broken and lost some lovely vintage and antique pearl and crystal pieces, wearing them to travel, sightseeing, out dancing, sticking them in my hair or on a coat, not securing earrings and brooches. Really would love to get those items back in perfect condition😢
  18. @MissJIF: Congratulations on 10 fabulous years! 🎉🎊 Your elegant tastes deserve 20 more!💖 For 10 years giveaway, a piece that's been on your channel like an Hermes Pegase, Twilly or a bit of their jewelry would be lovely!😍 

Also as it's only one winner and your fans are many, maybe gift us all with a bit of montage of your fondest luxury moments from your channel?
  19. @TJaayGriego: You have such good taste, really Anything you decide to give away is great! Maybe an SLG that you don’t reach for anymore or A vintage bag of any kind. Maybe instead of one main giveaway, maybe “10” small items for “10” winners for 10 year celebration 😉
  20. @maiwenfagot1043: will you do a closet tour? It would be so nice

- ✨ 10 Must-Know Burgundy Producers for Serious Collectors ✨: Kind: captions Language: en if you're a serious burgundy collector you probably have heard of DRC but if you're looking to expand your seller with equally impressive one here are 10 burgundy producers you need to know and why they're worse collected number one is Dom laa their iconic wine is the musini gr crew and their price range depending on if you're finding the domain label which has this red capsule or the negotia label which are this white capsule for the domain side of things it literally starts at $3,000 and can go all the way up to $30 $40,000 a bottle yes they are lot rare and on the negoti side of things if you're getting just kind of the village level uh wines it can be just a couple hundred why collecting Dom lawai is known to produce some of the most powerful consistent and complex wine that's meant to age for decades number two is Amo their iconic wi is their shaton Bron crew the price range can go anywhere between a ,000 to 8,000 plus dollar per bottle ruso shatan is known for its legendary SOI texture and incredible position but here's The Insider's tip don't overlook the close and Jack Premier crew Le wi maker himself has said that he prefers the close in Jack Premier CP over the shamb batang Gru and he thinks it deserves the gru status as well number three is George rir their iconic wine is their bulas gr crew but personally Al I think their Amaro Premier coup is amazing their price range from $1,500 a bottle all the way to $6,000 plus per bottle rir wine strike a perfect balance between power and elegance their wine is worth seeking out number four is domu Iconic wi is their m v and the price range is anywhere from $600 to $3,000 plus doll a bottle depending on Vintage this is a classic burgundy with the domain having a deep tie to the history of musini itself producing a wine with remarkable finesse and Longevity number five kach DUI remember buring is not just red wine there is also some of the world class white wine coming from this region as well and cult dri is the one you have to have in your seller their iconic wine is her Superior and their price point can range anywhere from 1,000 to 5,000 plus per pole they're known to be some of the most mindblowing w burgundy in the world Rich complex and perfectly structured this is one of those rare white wine ey you might want to consider decanting for it to reach its full potential number six domain pel their iconic wine is the Clos toar rou F crew their price range from $400 a bottle to $1,200 plus per bottle they're the Pioneer for minimal Innovation wine making producing wines with Incredible death and Purity they approach to bottling only only when the wine is ready is legendary number seven domain djck their iconic wine is also the Clos rou gr C and their price ranges from $500 a bottle to over $3,000 per bottle duj combines the old school burgundy Chan with Innovative wine making techniques the wine are known for its finesse capacity and the ability to age gracefully in the seller number eight is Reven this time found the shev region of burgundy where iconic wine is their La clo Gran crew and their price ranges from $800 a bottle to $3,500 a bottle or more raveno is widely regarded as the best shbl producers in the world their wine showcases both power and prision these bottles develops beautifully with sun aging number nine is domain do their iconic wine is the chavalia mese the price range from $3,000 a bottle to easily over $10,000 per bottle this Winery is owned by La be La of domain lawa that we mentioned earlier they offer P wines that deliver both power and elegance with minuscule production they're incredibly hard to find and very highly thought after and lastly we have the incredible Dom AR joer for the lucky VI who can actually find and afford it their iconic wine is the V Roman cor Ponto Premier crew and their price ranged anywhere from $4,000 a bottle to easily over $40,000 a bottle Way Beyond the DRC price point sometimes now hry jer's wine are the holy grill for Burgundy wine collector with Rich opulent texture and profun death and complexity these wines are as rare as they are extraordinary H joer is also a legend in burky who revolutionized the idea of Super Low heal meticulous Vineyard management and minimal intervention in the wine salad sadly he passed away in 2006 so with no new wine made under his label his wine are becoming increasingly rare and very highly preted then with each passing year his wine just become more and more elusive continue to solidify his status as the holy grill for burgundy lne collector you're fortunate enough to ever come across the bottle cherish it as if is a true piece of burgundy history in a bottle of course these can barely scratches the surface burgundy are filled with Incredible producers if you have a favorite domain that deserves a mention remember to drop it in the comment below I love to hear your recommendation don't forget to like and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @dylanrychtarik4812 [1 likes]: I love the content but the music in the background was too loud tbh— just some feedback. Subscribed ! ❤

- Rare, Pricey, Burgundy Up for Auction in HK: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] many in the wine World consider domain de la Roman Conti to be burgundy's greatest Vineyard what would someone pay to get a bottle from every vintage produced since Vines were replanted there after World War II auers AER Marilyn Condit figure the wine will sell for a lot just every vintage from 1952 until 2007 making it a complete vertical which I've never seen in my entire life in the wine business and we may never see one again it's uh practically impossible to recreate ahead of their auction the merchants were estimating the complete collection could go for up to $800,000 the 1959 could be the single most valuable bottle as the vineyard produced less that year CEO John Capen says there's a reason the Sal is taking place in Hong Kong well China's become uh one of the most important markets uh for fine and rare wines uh and wine in general I mean really over the last three years years uh the balance of power has shifted from kind of America fueled by the Deep Pockets of wealthy Chinese AER was hoping to bring in more than 10 million usar from the sale of the romane conti and hundreds of other lots of rare French wine Karen Sloan the Associated Press

- Six Burgundies, $35 to $450 — Which One Is Actually Worth Buying?: Kind: captions Language: en NO, THIS IS OH MY GOD. ONE OF THE things that excites us the most about being these wine nerd influencers, whatever you want to call us, is that you can really taste a sense of place in special wines. Today is no exception. We have got six wines here, all from one region, and our job is to try and identify which region they're from. Now, I know what you're thinking, Henry, I've never seen you identify a region correctly, and I agree with you. It's not my strong suit. I've had a little sight at the wines over there. There's three reds, three whites, and you know, we do that in the Adelaide Hills a little bit, so there's a chance it's going to be local and I might be able to pick it. Otherwise, I don't know, we'll pull something out of my ass, but let's see how we all do. Welcome to Bottle Shop, it's another blind tasting. Let's get into it. All right. Guess the region. It's one of our favorite games. What do you work? We're playing Guess the region. Six wines, three white, three red, once again, even Steven. >> [music] >> Wine number one. Golden, straw-y, blondie. Pretty. Ooh, cool. Aromatic white variety that has had a little bit of batonage here. Again, we're talking about old oak, not new oak. Oh, yeah. Okay, cool. Love that. It's like nice and savory, really ripe. >> This has this unmistakable sort of like it's almost like a lolly, you know? Old world-y, could be a really good mimic from new world, but it's it's pushing towards a savory. There's a nice use of oak here. Minty, minty nose. Let's see if the palate backs it up. Yeah, wow. Yummy, huh? An absolute delight. Really full palate shape, but still like fresh, lovely mineral kind of structure running through it. >> French vibes early on here. I think it's I think it's a really nicely made Chardonnay, but it's not a Chardonnay that I'm used to. Like the nose is really confusing me. Very intricate palate, >> decent amount of elevage here, really good toasty elements with this back palate bitterness, which is really driven by the yeast. 50 eight dollars a bottle [music] and I'd buy 12. There's something about the palate that is so complex. Very rarely see that from Australia, very rarely see that from the new world, period. 60 bucks for this and I would happily buy 12. Variety-wise, hard to go past Chardonnay here. Um, it definitely screams like that. >> Give me six bottles. I reckon that's going to be at least a $90 bottle of wine. Chardonnay. French, question mark. I have fallen into the trap of thinking that one wine is indicative of it all. I've got that first wine wrong and then the rest of the tasting's a bust. So, I've got to try and stay unbiased here. Don't put the blinders on. Let's get into wine number two. Same same, but different. It may be a little bit lighter on that lemon color. Wine number two, probably a little bit less amber than the first wine, more in that sort of like paler yellow that you get in expensive oak. Very very good, like liberal amounts of oak. Oh, man. This is really cool. Definitely oaky white. I like this. Smells like money, dude. Smells like money Chardonnay. Man, freaking fantastic. Really well put together. 110 dollars a bottle and 12. Ooh. It's got this electricity that runs through it. It's just Delicate. The oak is there, but it's not overpowering. You still get the fruit coming through underneath. A Burgundian buzzer is going off in my head here. The hard thing about guessing regions when it comes to wines like this, like this is such an international style. This could be made in many places around the world and look almost identical. 150 bucks a bottle. Like I'm not buying a dozen at 150 dollars a bottle, but like would I like to have a dozen of these at home? Yes, yes, I would. >> Beautiful fresh fruit, lots of like fresh citrus. Again, love it. 12, 70 bucks here. I like this one just a little bit more. I'm like in that kind of Jura or Burgundy verse, kind of interestingly. Um, but I'm liking what I'm seeing. Smells like good Chardonnay once again. Ooh, sulfurous nose. It's just been bottled, put on a ship and landed here, or just been bottled and put on a truck and landed here. Blue cheese kind of inside of a cave, like a wet cave kind of smell. Yeah, this is now like the previous one was just like buttery, this is like toasted butter. It's a little bit warmer. That's acid. Could be leading myself into a hole here with the Burgundian call, but I feel this could be like 2024 Chablis. Don't worry about how it smells, just worry about how it tastes. That's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] delicious. Such a beautiful use of oak. There is this amazing vibrant acidity and then the lees work is beautiful. It is picture perfect. Yeah, it It's what you want like really good fresh bread with thick lashings of butter to taste like. That's even better than the last one, so I'm going to take the last one down to 11 bottles. That's 12. It's got to be 150 bucks again. I hope I can still taste it. [music] It's really good. 85 bucks a bottle and I'd buy 12. If I'm correct, the next three wines must be either Gamay or Pinot. This is top shelf Chardonnay. I'm going 150 here. I'm grabbing 12. Yeah, four years ago I wouldn't have thought much of this, but having drunk a lot more wines since joining the channel, I've started to gain appreciation for, you know, wines of this quality and Wine number one. Pale ruby red. Yeah, it smells like really really bright strawberries and smells like Gamay. Smells like good Pinot, maybe a little bit Grenache-y. Oh, wow. Cool. Really ripe, but very perfumed, very elegant and lifted. >> Bright and um, strawberry sort of tone, sour strawberry, sour raspberry, all that sort of jazz. It's not my favorite example of this sort of wine. I I do think it's Pinot. Really really good primary structured, cram-full of strawberries, chucked up the jaw and just Delightful. Yeah, Gamay all day. Fresh and pretty and lifted and got this energy. It's so swaffy. Yeah, probably would drop around about 65 bucks a bottle and I'd buy 12. It's straight 12 so far. I'll have six of those. Thank you. Uh, I reckon that'll be 80 bucks a bottle. I think this is rip at 12. I'd happily pay like 50 bucks. Probably going to have to pay more, but I think this is a delicious little Gamay. I'm I'm all over this. Now, a little bit of cork floating around in this, so indicating that it's probably not Aussie producers. I think it's something like 90% of Aussie wines are under screw caps these days. Oh, yeah. God, that's so good. Yeah, we're I think we're in Burgundy. I think we're in Wow. Cool. Redburg. Definitely more tannin. Not my favorite, to be honest. A little bit lacking, I suppose. Like the the main thing that I'm getting out of that is just the tannin profile. Man, that's scrumptious. Man, that's so bloody scrumptious. Tannin is so fine and firm, wrapping around this wine beautifully. This is stunning. [music] Absolutely stunning. Amazing tannin. Amazing tannin. Densely pixelated, we're talking premier to potentially grand cru, premier cru. And I would drop around about 180 dollars a bottle and I'd buy 12. It's a nice tannin profile, but it's just lacking that bit of flavor that I'm usually looking for, that bit of a generosity with fruit. So, we'll go back down to three bottles here and call it Cabernet. 120 bucks for me and I would buy 12. We might be on the hook for straight dozens here. I'm really really having a good [laughter] time. >> Then finally, to finish this off, quite closed, quite like just just a restricted nose, very quiet wine. >> Smells like it's been in a forest. It's seen some oak, for sure. Fresh cherry, like, you know, black currant-y as well. It's got a good spectrum of fresh fruit to darker fruit and like all that kind of berry area. This is exceptionally [music] young. I almost think this wine is more well put together than wine number five. Wine number five is is just showy. Just like here I am, go for it. This is like you're going to have to work to see this and I think that in this here in the cellar will just uncoil and unwind over time and I think it will be an exceptional wine. Baffy. Probably Shiraz is where I'm leading on the guess. Bit of black currant, maybe, but nothing that's really sort of like bright and youthful and young. I reckon this probably needs a little bit more time in the cellar. Oh, beautiful. Yeah, amazing amazing Pinot. This is like one of a crew. I'm going to 180 bucks and I'm going to grab 12. Again, one I want to sit on forever. As it stands at the moment, I'd probably go to 150. I think we're in Burgundy. Three pack of those. I reckon it's going to be 90 dollars a bottle, little Shiraz. I'm calling it Burgundy as the region that we're getting it from, mainly because of the white wines that we started out with. Those three whites were just Holy [laughter] dooley, that was a good one. So, what do you think? Fellas, we're back guessing regions. >> Yeah. Yeah, we are. Yeah, look, I struggle to guess countries at the best of times, but this one, I'm not going to lie, I locked something in with the early three wines here and I felt pretty good about sticking to it. And then when I ran down here, I was like, yeah, they can fit into my preconceived notions. So, I feel all right. How did you guys go running through these? I'm quietly confident. So do I. And if I get it wrong, I'm going to be still still like totally stoked. >> Yeah. Yeah, 100%. I think we're on I think we might be on the same Should we do a 1 2 3? Three, TWO, ONE, BURGUNDY. >> [screaming] >> YES. WELL, WE HAVEN'T GOT IT YET. WE ALL JUST GUESSED THE EXACT SAME THING. [laughter] NO WAY, DUDE. IF WE all get it wrong, we're all technically going to be winning anyway, because we're going to find a cheaper place to get all of these. >> Yeah, we are endorsing another region. >> a more expensive place to get these. Wine number one. Aligoté. Uh, and probably probably. Yeah, no, and like fantastic as well. And the first time, just want to have it noted, it'll be if we get this right, the first time that all three of us have called that variety on this show ever. >> So, no, I wrote down Chardonnay, but then kind of like as I was going along and identifying as Burgundy, I was like, this one sticks out and must be it should be like Aligoté. I wrote down Muscadet and went back and did the same thing. Yeah, okay, cool. I just said Chardonnay French question mark. So that was my early starting point for where we were going with this. But yeah, dude, like buttery and it just keeps getting as you were saying it just keeps getting better and better as we go through these. Aligote, you reckon? I mean, it would make sense, I suppose. I wanted six of these for 90 bucks. I thought this was I I'll just preface this. I had straight 12s. I also had straight 12s. I dropped to an 11 on the next one, but uh we'll see what happens [laughter] later on. >> THIS IS OH, IS THAT ALIGOTE? CHARDONNAY. So close. Rats, but it is from Burg. Well, we got it. We got We got Oh, this is a treat. All three of us got it. This is a treat here, fellas. 105 bucks, 2022. Uh we had this exact same wine. We had this exact wine. And we I think we really liked it last time as well. Fair bit of Coravin gas used this time around, I believe. So there's going to be some nice wines we can take home at the end. Now, wine number two. Yum. >> Better again? This is electric. Yeah. This is just amazing acidity. I kind of went off to the Aligote path for this one, actually. Okay. I wrote White Burg down because this point that I was locking in like, dude, I don't know. You don't see wines that sort of have that like the level of oak, but then also the beautiful integration of fruit just so well balanced. Every time that I've come across things like this in the past in Burg and these, so that's where we ended up going. I'm so stoked you got this, man. I'm happy that I got this as well. Cuz that's like it's hard to recognize cuz like especially with Chardonnay it can be so flashy and like showy. That seduction of oak. Yeah. But then to be able to recognize that there's these really fine layers of complexity beneath this and power and it's just all in a nice package. It's been a while since I've known something, so nice to get back on the Burgundy train. Yeah, I had this as 12, but then I tasted the next one and I was like I like that more, so I dropped this one back to 11. Call it a dozen essentially for 150 bucks. >> I was 12 for a very optimistic $70. 12 for 110. 12 for 110. >> [bell] >> That Meursault. Do you reckon there's a one missing off the front of that? Uh surely. Surely. 199. 199. Yeah, Meursault. Absolutely fantastic. Like this isn't 1er Cru, this is just village. This is village. Yeah, I mean it's Meursault. And it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Wine number three. This was just >> to Chablis with this. Premier Cru Chablis. Hostier Rostier. Yeah, are they are they Yeah, that was my thing as well. Are they including greater Burgundy? Are they going north and south with this one? >> Surely. You said that was electric. This was my electric wine. This was my like, oh damn, it's Yeah, this was my wine of the lineup in the end. Very Rated this as very highly. This also was my wine of the lineup. I love this. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah, I was 12 for 150 on this one, again. >> That's exactly my price as well. 12 for 85. I'm getting into the Chablis-esque thing. See how we go with that. NO, THIS IS OH MY [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GOD. Uh it's uh Chassagne-Montrachet from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] P Y C M. Pierre-Yves Colin-Morey. 449. Yeah. That's a lot of money. That's also a lot of wine. That's a lot of wine. I mean like this is these are one of the This is one of the most sought-after Burgundy producers in the world and it's just it's just that energy to it as well. That's going to be good at the Christmas party. I hope it lasts that long. I hope that Yeah, I hope that Argon stands up for us. There's enough reduction in there as well. It'll get there. Has to be wrong on that one. Annoying that the wines I'm being able to correctly identify the ones I'm never going to be able to buy personally. Wine number four. This is with Pinot persuasion in there. I went with Beaujolais. I went with I went with Gamay as well. And they do like so I think we're still in uh Burgundy proper, um but they still they do grow Gamay in that area as well. Or this could be like some really entry-level like Côte de Beaune like on the ridges style Pinot. I went with 12 with this as well. 50 bucks. I don't think it will be, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome. Uh just wanted six for 80 on this one. I think I was just caught up in the whole White Burg and then yeah, fell off the side. I had a I had a nearly $500 bottle OF WHITE BURG. >> [laughter] >> IT KIND OF DIDN'T STACK UP. WHITE BURG GAMAY. OH, THERE WE GO. YEAH. GAMAY. 35 bucks Gamay. From from Burgundy. I mean, that's I think this is right. I really think you know, given where Burgundy's going is I expect particularly the prices for Chardonnay and Pinot Noir like there needs to be more of this like like good like showcasing the region as high quality and more Aligote and more more Gamay to kind of really flush the market and showcase like what I like that style of Gamay, too. Just really focusing on that purity of fruit. Gamay Noir like they're just throwing Noir on the back end to display that it's red? Like is that the point? It is actually the technical term, yeah. Okay. So they do like if you go into the WSET textbook, they do call talk about it as Gamay Noir, but colloquially you'll just call it Gamay. Last couple of wines here. Wine number five. 12 and 180. Okay. Like really 12 and 120. Yeah. Like I have a I kind of I'm looking over your shoulder and seeing like the the prices kind of decline. I know the volume decline. Yeah. Because this is where Pinot gets into the the different territory where it's way more tannic and structured. It's powerful and it gets to a really crazy level. Now, I'm definitely uh I guess I'm more of an expert in the white side of Burgundy than the red side of Burgundy. Yeah, I didn't pick this as Pinot whatsoever. This is where I completely got away from it just because yeah, you are right. It's so much more powerful and so much more structured than the Pinots that I'm used to tasting, I suppose. And the ones you like, yeah, as well. >> ones I like. You want your Pinots to kind of look like like to take like have the structure of this, but taste like this. Yeah, exactly. So New Zealand. New Zealand, exactly. I only wanted three bottles of this, but I was going to spend 70 bucks on it, whereas you guys have like the 120 for 12 for this. I was really taken by it. We're all balling up here. All right. >> 79 bucks. Santenay. Hey, well done. Yeah, so this is also what's happening in Burgundy as well. I think there's some there's some value to be had in the most under like the most overvalued region on Earth. There these these crus like Santenay and Saint-Aubin which are like lesser crus in the idea like of what people think about in comparison to places like Chassagne-Montrachet and Meursault. But now climate's changing. They're becoming a little bit more I guess able to grow these kind of quality wines >> and the prices haven't quite caught up yet. I think you can get some bargains in these lesser known crus like Santenay and things like that. But $80, that's fantastic. That's my kind of Burg. Silly question. What variety is this? Pinot? >> Pinot. Pinot, right. Cool. Yeah, if it doesn't say it and it's Burgundy, it's Pinot. It's Pinot, right-o. Basically everything else is mentioned. Lovely. Wine number six. Oh. Uh fantastic. Just closed. Just young. Young as all hell. I I went Pommard for my cru guess. I thought we were at that that level of village Burg um village Burg guess at least. But it's still so elegant and pretty and lifted as well. Yeah, this is where my knowledge runs out on it, obviously. I was calling it Syrah. I thought it was like a younger version of that that hasn't quite sort of opened up yet. But with these big French Pinots, I'm just not clued in on it at the moment. I wanted three for 90 bucks. I was 12 for 180 here. 12 for 180 as well. 12 for 180, so you go. >> Plus it's 240 bucks. Volnay is my favorite cru of Burgundy and this is exactly kind of wine. So pretty and lifted, but it's still got power. Oh man, Pommard can be a little bit more intense. I thought there was just a little bit more tannin than I'm used to. Don't even ask the question. Yeah, like it is the best wine that we had today. It is $450, but it's it's premier cru of a cult producer. So like this is like you know, pocket your pennies, plan for it, have an occasion for it. Is it whose birthday is it? Is it anniversary or something like that and you want to try something incredible? Um this is awesome. Or if you're fiscally irresponsible like me and you like Pinots, get this Gamay for 35 [laughter] bucks. That'll do wonders. That is actually delicious for 40 bucks. 35 bucks. That is a very good wine. All of these are very good wines. That Santenay is awesome as well. I still think that the uh the Jean-Louis Chavy um for 100 bucks for White Burg is actually really solid, too. That that is a that is a lot of money. That's a lot of money. If you were splitting it with like four or five of your mates and you just like you know, all right, cool. It's everyone chips in 100 bucks. Um you know, 90 bucks. You know, let's do that. Um that I think that's worth it. But if you just do it on your own or by yourself or splitting it with one other person, Yeah, tough to pull off. Yeah. Uh White Burg, good stuff. And Red Burg, I need to learn more about. Potentially. Uh thanks so much for joining us, guys. Catch you next time. Ciao. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ruirspirul [18 likes]: I love Burgundian Syrah….
  2. @sidhantsharma5610 [5 likes]: New types of content is fun but the blind tastings are why we subscribe - awesome treat from the DD lads!
  3. @johnross5368 [4 likes]: Ohhh sick. My fav wine tasting content is back. Lfg!
  4. @tgbedini [3 likes]: First time seeing your channel, and I enjoyed the episode a lot. As an odd coincidence, the first bottle of wine I ever purchased was a Puligny Montrachet. I was 17, and bribed a friend to purchase it. I gave him a ten dollar bill, and he kept the change. So, I've enjoyed wine for a few years now.
  5. @MikeReeves-d5j [2 likes]: Henry’s on fire this week. 

Great lineup fellas.
  6. @nowaygardenhose [2 likes]: Going up in the brackets. Looking forward to the "Guess the Vintage?" on a Petrus or DRC vertical. Comings soon I hope.
  7. @jacob9540 [1 likes]: Unfortunately, Burgundy really is that good. Unfortunate for my wallet, that is.
  8. @alfredgravy6375 [1 likes]: Cracking episode, l wish l could afford the wines
  9. @katgod [1 likes]: Hint for Henry, when you figured out it was Burgundy on the whites then if you just say Pinot for all the reds you will usually be correct.
  10. @kurtplummer5591 [1 likes]: PLEASE can you reverse the final lineup of glasses so we as the viewers see the wines tasted from left to right.
  11. @stooge_mobile [1 likes]: Good to see you madlads at the Tapanappa tasting today! Henry relentlessly dropping bars on the mic 😂 
Brian loved the engagement though.
  12. @shorty7093: Nice line up fellas.. 😊
  13. @mwainwright: Love the video and the regional format
  14. @shane12021: More Burgundy exposure eh? Struggling to get your watch time up eh? I’m sure the two are unrelated. This is great content, just doesn’t talk to many people.
  15. @garryrichards9003: Are the prices you use in Australian or American dollar?
  16. @peterburlin8198: Gawd I do love Burgundy and insist it’s worth the money to seek out (the slightly less expensive) bottles. This vid somewhat justifies this. You do get a sense of place, and it’s so delicious!
  17. @GardenVids: perfectly illustrates how wanky the wine industry is
  18. @johanneshougaard8045: The look on Henry's face when he realized the PYCM is $449 is exactly how I feel every time I get big buck burg
  19. @carzoomies: the guy who looks like my grandmother sucks at guessing and should stick to beer
  20. @dr7246: Like Gene Krupa in a stupor, your PigMun’s swinging trains, you are insane. You are Carl Hooper.  Carl Hoopa-hoopie-doopie-dee. Oh groovy looper. You are Carl Hooper

- Pinot Noir - Bring Your Own Episode 4 (Champagne & Burgundy): Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Derek Morrison from the good wine shop and welcome to episode 4 of bring your own today's session takes a look at the pinot noir grape and champagne and burgundy to compare some of its most famous expressions we've gathered a group of pinot lovers to share bottles from their own cellars and a Chadwell what makes this grape so special and the wines so memorable joining us are European champagne collectors peter crawford AKA at a level a and dan rossanov AKA at champagne spa and wine writer christina Rasmussen we're really lucky to be hosted by the great team at kitchen table and bubble dogs in central London for the filming of this episode tucked in the back of bubble dogs on Charlotte Street kitchen table is one of the most exciting restaurants in London led by owner chef James napat you could find them online at www.youtube.com/weiutv why oh podcast and subscribe to the podcast to make sure you catch all future episodes thanks for coming tonight you guys really for taste of some wines together um why don't we go around the room and and everybody introduce themselves real quick we'll start with you Dan you want to say a little bit of who you are where you're from hi guys I'm Dan rosanoff online I'm also known as a champagne spy I have a block that's quite the same name and my blog is dedicated to only reviewing champagne and I come originally from Switzerland where I grew up in a restaurant close to the French border so obviously a homegrown affection to French wine such as Pinos and I somehow ended up in London I'm I'm champagne fanatic I've been collecting champagne for a number of years and doing tastings and traveling to the region and yeah very excited about this evening to try some Pinot Noirs and some non sparkling wines apparently they make I'm Christina Rasmussen and for me it all started about five years ago when I was 21 as best as air with Loula tour in born and so in Burgundy since then I now do wine PR and regulations with recipe communications and looking after lots of different clients including Beaujolais for bug news next-door neighbor and I also started writing freelance for about a year and a half now and the main one being the buyer everyone brought a bottle of wine tonight to share from their own sellers that has some special meaning or connection to yourself so look forward to hearing your anecdotes but let's start with Denton what have you what have you brought for us tonight I have brought Jacques Sol de da who from the vintage of 2009 vintage that is known to be good for Pinos as well so I thought it was a would fit the theme tonight and I did bring the wine for various reasons first of it because I love it it's for me it's it's just a great Rosie Jacques song is a house that I love very much because I think in terms of champagnes they're always very Venice um I think it hits like the middle how do you say it's like in the middle between champagne and wine and that's what I love about the champagne has karazna but let's have a try I think you'll see the caller says a lot already jakka solvents one of these producers I I I struggle a little bit with I go to confess I don't know what it is they're there they've been very very successful with their um seven seven hundred range which which is is a very good Bruce on Sunday but it it for me there otherwise you you have to you have to kind of get into them work your way into them and for me I can have enjoy a little bit more of a wine that that that gives itself to you whereas those wines really for me you have to work work your step your way into and whereas this this particular curve a is is it's almost a flip of it to me this is like this is it it's giving you exactly what you want from the wine straight up they'll have that tight say nine super mineral yeah happiness to it yeah yeah it's wonderfully Safford I mean as you said it's really Venice I mean it has this you know why light quality in terms of it's not an easy it's it's it's accessible and the way they kind of and inviting and speeders saying but it's not easy I mean it's not I mean it's it's pretty serious like it's serious on the palate it's quite it's quite intense on the nose but it's got a real I mean real it's got a gripper lotto it's really good shoulders yeah and so it's interesting what you said I always refer to the wines of Jacques how off kiki because I don't like wines that are too geeky and I don't like wines when I say wise I mean champagnes of course obviously and wines that are too joyful and too easy and I think that for me this hits the spot because as I said I'm looking for a Venice character in the wines and I really love roses champagne but I have to say for me there aren't that many good roses champagnes I think you're stepping up you're stepping up just because because it's so difficult and I hope we're gonna get into this discussion later as well the balance between velocity and freshness to get it right especially when you have you know you the Senya is on one side where you have you know macerated and then you have the one that blend in red wine so this is very special because it's 100% Pinot Noir obviously but 50% of it is done like a sin ye with bleeding Senya in French means to let the grapes bleed and 50% is free flowing white juice so it's mixed so it's got both the Venus character and the freshness and the soil and and and it has no deserves zero deserves yeah and that's quite interested in this vintage I think a couple of producers had gone it was I'm doing it right which I didn't know I would have thought they've had because it the the lake which had companies get hurt I didn't realize I mean that and you JEP that's astonishing for an on Bruce it it's you know putting let's say much free right there I mean would you guess blindly taking this that this is no those at all it's like no certainly no I mean it's really quite round and rich in and you know you get that soup iddah tea that that that's salinity that that that earthy character on the on the palate but the finish is like ripe red fruits I mean it's like it's like eating cranberries I mean it's got this really juicy bitter juicy you know like cranberry I mean it really has that character on the finish and that which no I mean it's really resolved it has such a such a wonderful texture on the palate it's really captivating but at the same time really rewarding I mean as you say it gives so much pleasure to the one but it's it's fascinating is it's so it's 50 of the 50 the red in the 50 of the white 50 saying yay and then 50 Blanc de noir blended together and it's a single visit a single vineyard single vineyard from DZ which is not the Grand Cru site but it's it's debatable because it's next to a very famous we're on crew village which is ie so some people in the village they might say you know it's very close to ie so it might be ground crew ish but it's debatable it's a very special site because the soil is red that's why it's called Terhune earth red red earth and I've talked to the winemaker about this we tasted together when he came out and I said and I would love to talk about this as we go on and if some of the champagne winemakers do relate the roses to burgundy or not if they call them you know this is the wrong a Romani of champagne or something and I asked him this question like I always do and he said if this was a burgundy he would say it would be probably a Shivaree I won't ask you one thing you said was that you don't think there's that many great roses what would you in your mind what defines a great rose a champagne or what are you looking for or what stylistically or personality wise in the wines well I was saying this because in terms of balance it's the first thing I'm looking to of course that balance goes always in in correlation to personality and to house style and everything because above all I admire personality and I think this is a wine that has personality because it's so unique and it's just what I love about the champagne its diversity of wines and to answer your question Derrick I'm looking for balance because I think there's a fine line in Rosie when it's too heavy or when it's too light and and and I think this balance is very it's a very fine line how you're gonna achieved it that it's not too fresh or that it's too fruity and too plush because then we're talking is it then wine or champagne and that's what I love for me personally I love this kind of borderline between champagne and wine yeah any any actually exactly what you're saying he's a cheap that perfectly with this one yeah he's achieved that balance really really brilliantly so you get that you get that delightful freshness and in fact I would hazard again oh it's one of those wines that that teeters on the edge you close your eyes it's it's a Blanc with that lovely cherry fruit and that little little kind of playful notes that you that you want so it is that whereas some of the other ones and I won't name any of them but some of the other ones are definitely heavy on their on that velocity way it's it's a wine yeah I mean I love them too I love good sin yes fantastic or a good rosy but as I said balance and personality and I think also another reason why I choose this wine is this has evolved in the last it's only been out since 2003 yeah you know so there's only been just in 2003 and then it was seven eight nine and five and every year it was different at the beginning there was more money and then the still kept money and Pinot from the same parcel and as they evolved this is actually only just correct me if I'm wrong I think only the second one that has hundred percent seven I think I think no seven was about anyway and it's just stunning and now they come and they say we're not gonna do it red anymore next one it's gonna be a blonde or noir because I think it's better and and I think that's fascinating because and it's brave at the same time to evolve you know to never rest on all your Laura's and as I said I don't know as much about Burgundy as you guys but I would really curious how this works in Burgundy because in my mind not knowing the region it's like more traditional more they do one style or whatever how do they progress I think in I think in you know anytime we're talking about great wine or this the the this this level of wines that we celebrate in this way there's always you know an interpretation or reaction to what you're given I mean every vintage is different in champagne whether it's in Burgundy and the great winemakers the great domains the great growers they adjust to what it isn't and you know the chic a family they've said that yes they're not going to do a rose a but maybe that's just a since 2009 to the vintages they've had of that wine maybe you know you speak to them once they've got more of that juice in a barrel or after another harvesting say this actually is perfect for for a rose a so I hope so I mean because this is a tragedy if this is the last thing I remember them saying exactly that with the o8 I remember them saying you know we're not going to do any more of this and I bet you what happened was was they turned round and said this wine isn't the balance of it isn't quite right which is why it's so bizarre for them to knit gonna do so much for it right you know so if you have the perfect vintage should not do something like this but it would be its own Kennedy I think it's funny too because you know Pinot Noir is such a funny grape I mean in terms of what I love about you know where it's gonna be tasting two champagnes from 100% Pinot Noir that you guys have brought tonight and they couldn't be more couldn't be more different and you know there's you know sometimes we don't know why you're getting this in this Rosie but specifically you're getting that you get some of that earthiness but it's more about like this bright seductive red fruits and then having this tension of the earth that's kind of giving it some spine but there's so many other you know mushroomy or more savory kind of characteristics that the grape can give in and it's just fascinating and champagnes to see the spectrum of pinot noir champagnes and and then that's not even talking about them at a different state of evolution wait a second and even now when you when you go back to this now just even after you know 10 15 minutes it's starting to give so much more this will be fascinating to try I do bath is empty well you know why don't you pour pour us a little bit of the champagne you brought tonight and tell us a bit about it this is one of my absolute favorite producers of the of the current moment you Lisa : so he said he's for Olivier : and he's from a village called cozy and it's not a well-known visit village at all it's a kind of lesson own a little bit on the bottom end of the coup de Blanc he says somebody who's gonna follow Don in the in the footsteps of of sell-offs I think he's created something very very unique very individual in the world of champagne he he vinified smoke he has a number of parcels in kanji itself and then a number further much focus Southland Cesar this is actually from the errors occurred to Blanc but he has Pinot Noir grapes and this is from Suzanne there's two and a half hectare parcel in Susan and it's east facing chalk limestone the the wine that I must confess has never it never spoke to me this particular wine the Pinot Noir never really spoke to me until 2012 vintage and then I started to feel that connection with it and for me it has surpassed the period it's not quite up there with the Louis I'll be honest with you which is my favorite from him but it is right step right up there and it is a proper wine it's a proper wine and it's got this intensity it's got this extraction he's he just he has he stepped up and created something properly unique within the region and the area and I think it's stunning even even I'll say even within his own portfolio I mean it would even within his own Q days this wine always stands out to me you know it's interesting to taste this next to the rosey of the Denver obviously the color of the rosey that Dan brought it has this wonderfully you know deeply pigmented you know for Rosie I mean it's got this wonderful kind of cranberry cranberry hue but then you put the lay my own I lay my own he also does the Rose anything Rose I'd do my own well from the same vineyard which is one of my favorite Rose days in Champagne I think it's exceptional and both the Rose a and the belong to my own the contrast makes me lovely to that both of them more because they couldn't be more different and this Blanc de Noirs could not be more different in so many ways from the wine that Dan's brought both in textures in aromas but it's fascinating you know we're geographically we're looking at dizzy a little bit further north and we're in Suzanne which is people who aren't aware it's quite quite significantly further south and we're gonna a journey from there through saison and then into the codes in a way of Burgundy and it's it's fascinating to see not that every every reflection of the differences is due to that geography but it's just interesting to see how different these wines can be as we go you get a sense he obviously plays and you definitely feel that you know this lunacy and extraction but it's still incredibly clean and crystalline and and focused and I really love what he does with that so for me you you it's always a struggle and there are certain people in the wine world and certainly in champagne and they're talking about tiller and they're talking about that but you do start winemaker yes all about wines who's creating something really special in needs and he's doing something in particular way and that for me is just incredible oh I think it has such incredible structure so like coming back on this in 10 20 years from now on yeah I know and he said he's such a lovely guy what he does and he's he's also he's he's got that spark and I always find this in his wine for me this is just always so charismatic I mean this is one of my first grower lofts I think back I think I connected with it earlier than you were yeah for me is always my favorite because it just has this charisma and and and open it to me and and and the funny thing is if I mean if you would taste it blindly and you know we baited the shot the champagnes from the from the citizen area you know they're more like known for their quite sunny there was sunny disposition there more of this kind of tropical fruit aromas a little bit a bit more plush a lot of a lot of champignon up you know we're talking about done in two hours enough they use them more for blending actually I would say so it's quite fascinating that a guy like oli here comes and says you know what I'm taking these parcels there and I'm doing something really especially I'm doing something that sort of makes the most of that what you get naturally from and they say he creates it with a style that it's just it's there's so much intensity from it and you just like there's so much grip so you you completely caught up in the wine and that's amazing and then if he is using so much oak or whatever in the winemaking style and some people might say it's more winemaking driven but then you have fruit that can support that so it's about making the most of that for sure and that's the same in bagga-t right say yeah I like you very much I mean we we think of these guys there or they get described very often as the kind of burgundians of Burgundians of champagne and and you can see why when you I think when you look at the obviously the Jack stone has a wonderfully vinous very as you said it's this is a great the the Jack's one from Dan the Rosie is wonderful example of as you say have really excellent balance rose a champagne and it has all of those qualities it's it's I I would say it's one of the you know for me and I agree with Dan this is one of my favorite Rose dates that I've had in the last few years and it it reflects the earth it reflects the reflects everything that you would want a great wine to say about where it's made and how it's made and and who made it in terms of it has this balance this precision and this uniqueness I guess in terms of I can't name many Rose a champagnes that have this distinct personality in this kind of equilibrium and I think that's important but then as we move to the Lisa : it's a completely different wine it's a completely different interpretation and it has this if we say Burgundian quality it's starting to move in terms of textures and and the the way that it feels in the mouth in a completely different direction and the aromatics I mean funny on the finish of the Elysee Klein you do get a bit of this kind of cranberry cranberry skin kind of maybe not though it might love the juiciness of the fruit but there's a little hint of that kind of red red red bitterness that gooseberry kind of yeah yeah but then you get this wonderful you feel the oak it gives this lovely texture and caress of this tropical fruit but it's not so much like bright and blousy that maybe you you it's typically soso there but it's more like this textured mango pulp or you know it's really yeah the good for students said it's really deep and it's it's really cool both of these wines would be well I think what this is starting to show too is like the spectrum of you know both in it with in Champagne Oh Pinot Noir I mean Pinot Noir gets kind of I think unfairly pigeon-holed as this very narrow type of wines that it can create and you know not just within champagne but even within these these small Appalachians the spectrum is massive I mean you can do both of these with completely different courses of food one is because the texture is in the way that it works and but I wouldn't say any either of them is any less reflective of the integrity of Pinot Noir let's say just showing that champagne spectrum for sure and the funny thing is also when you think of it I mean the most grapes grown in Champagne are black right but we think of champagne is a white ish wine but how many top top kuva's could you name just like this that are one of the percent pinot noir there aren't many actually they aren't actually many Blondin or if you think of it from the top that one would know there is a 98 to 100 points course whatever magazine so I think it's a fascinating example mio and I just love it so much as well not just in terms of charisma and what is possible but also that it's possible to make good Pinot Noir modern way that has velocity and freshness so I think these two just fit well together so we'll move a little bit further south now into the codes a new we and Christina you brought a burgundy for us Anna do you want to tell us a bit about the wine you brought and why why you chose it so I've just come back from Burgundy about two and a half weeks ago where I went to visit Tamir Barry who is the assistant winemaker at Johnnie feasel which actually was a little bit of a longer story how I got to him because I was down in Basel II about two or three months ago now with my favorite wine makers in the world who is a B and E Pele of Julie Gianni and he is really good friends with John Eve is also he was like to me you have to actually you have to go and visit him he does amazing things and so three that I then went to visit him so I brought along their vulnerable money 2014 and so the reason I decided to bring Visa with me is because I feel he does things a little bit differently to how others do things in Burgundy so he kind of only started his own two men in about 1993 because his parents his grandparents had had his the vineyards which they're about 2.5 Hector's in Menomonee and for the past 60 or 70 years but they tended to rent out the vineyards so to others and then Johnny if he was a geologist and he then took over the diamond from his parents and went on to do winemaking and he did a viticulture degree and then he said that when he started to become a winemaker that's when he sort of threw all about out the window and he just sort of went very much of how he felt about the wine so he began actually making the wines in 95 and then when 98 camera came along he decided to reign in all selfies and I'm not necessarily pro or against sulfur like for me it's I just think it's fascinating to come across a wine that uses so little because I read an article the other day where it likens using sulfur to like being a trapeze artist and then what I think is unusual about this wine is that it's a hundred percent whole bunch and a hundred percent new wood which there are a lot of the top ends wine makers and burgundy doing it but it's something I think we see a little bit less we see someone who's doing maybe 40 50 percent up to 75 percent whole bunch or the opposite with new words I mean filthy do Jack and romanée-conti and stuff doing hundreds but there's not as much of it and that's why I think he does it very well especially at the village level I mean that's it's not so often that you see that they're doing Auto percent new wood on their village level cue Bay's you will taste another another Burgundy where someone who's quite famous for some of their whole can and you know shamed in the past for some of their excess reviews of Avenue Hawk and some of their cubase but on his on his village level he uses very little and then you see that a lot with some of the top growers so it's quite visa is reasoning for it is because if you buy one year old the second year olds woods it's gonna have some kind of self or residual stuff in it from cleaning etc so he just wants his vines pure as can be and he's just lucky that he has fruit that well to me anyway can super support that so fresh it's incredible to freeze beautifully delivered and it delivers the whole way through you don't feel like there there's a block in it just delivers the fruit and it's all the way through the palate it's fastening so and all of the second year barrels are yeah it's wonderfully as you said it's really expressive it's really approachable on the nose and bright and you know we're talk about 2014 red burgundy which is a very good vintage in my opinion but also you know you see with a lot of younger wines especially in a way a 100% whole cluster 100% in New York and in such a younger I bring it can be very inaccessible these good wines can be very shut down and that goes for any any red bring any of this youth and this wine is just like silk in on in the palate I mean it and I think you know mine what I would interpret is you know having a very little amount of sulphur is really having a massive impact on showcasing this wines purity in its yeah not going to reductive and shut down I think it has to some degree to do with what he does in the vineyards so he prunes in a very different way too as far as I've seen anyway in Burgundy to how other people prune so he only has two Spurs and then two buds and then two shoots where is everyone else tends to go out a little bit further so I mean in terms of yields are super low 10 to 20 hectoliters per hectare but I think that concentration transfers the gentle winemaking which transfers to new words and somehow it does like a nice link from one to each other I think I don't know it's just my way of thinking about it it's it's really interesting we're gonna see this is a really nice comparison in contrast to the next one because other vineyard on in Burgundy which is really famous for the for the low yields and concentration of fruit and bees oh I think was was neighbors or influence it's not the best way already I yeah yeah there's a real beauty in this wine exactly that this is there's a the elegance is just it just it just takes you away so it's very well well and I'm so used to describe you champagne it's quite weird to come to a red wine just feel this it's almost ephemeral kind of just lifting up the wine just can take co a really really beautifully and it is interesting because it this is this process if I may take that champagne for a second this this process of sulphur use it is definitely getting a getting a process go getting out getting a chant in champagne you know self a use has decreased massively champagne and and and the way people interact with oxygen has changed yeah you know we've we've had one one wire where the two wines that have a different interact with an oxygen and we were talking earlier on about the fact that it's the software is obviously used to to to play around with that interaction of oxygen and and for this you know it's beautiful there's no there's no suggestion for the way what they do is for every single one of their wines they bottle straight from barrel so it takes some there's three guys on the team yeah it takes me about a month to bottle everything because they have I know per barrel they have one guy during the leveling on the bottle yeah one guy bottling and then one guy opening the cork in how many bottles well it's about in a good year 10,000 it's 2.5 3.5 Robert Cross man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah but that's too because I think because it's so little sulfur that they like just want to get it into boss and they're the same they say they saw everything in the Minyard to make sure that nothing gets handle too much so it goes straight in and then straightens conversation there's so much in common between this wine and the Jackson I find if you you have them both in your glasses you taste them side by side you know these wines are like you know different shades of each other you're obviously getting much more it's a completely different wine a completely different finished experience but this is what I love about Pinot Noir in this stretch of the world is you can't replicate either of these wines anywhere else in the world in my opinion and and and that's not to say that they're better or that they're and you know there's there's wines from Pinot Noir from all over the world that I find absolutely enchanting but they're different and there's and and that's there's something about the uniqueness of the wines of this region and you know these are both very individual wines very captivating and profound of their own way but when you taste them side by side I mean there's a real harmony in this and that gets me really excited and and and you know it's exactly the reason we're tasting the wines were tasting today but there's it's about this like mineral core that's coming through obviously that's more reflective of where it's grown and how they've and they how they've kind of not impeded that but the fruit characteristics there's a bit of that beyond just the red fruits a bit more of this earthy sebuah kind of character and both and obviously there's gonna be a bit of savoriness lent by the whole cluster and and the wood but it's just amazing and in vinification terms these wines are you know could not be more different really the whole cluster the wood aspect removed from it but to see some of the personalities there is a real it's for me it's really exciting yeah and and and what's what's beautiful is how they play off each other as well if you were to sit down and try and play together you get this delightful delivering you talking that earthy mineral notes coming from from from the the red and then and then and then what it does because it's because it's a red wine you come back to the champagne and the champagne has this beautiful little playful wild strawberry note I think you get more of that sort of incensed note as well and the one that woman ooh right it starts to get a little bit more heady and infancy and when you have this it's like much later and this is more playful right it's like you walk through the forest and you get in the nose you have the wild strawberries here and then you go to this wine and all the sudden you're in forest floor but it's a fresh it's a fresh it's a floor one I mean cool I also thought the interesting what you said Cristina you know about what you like as I said I'm not as literate about Burgundy's yourself and don't have the experience but I found it interesting that you said you like Beaujolais as well as I grew up with Beaujolais as well a lot and the lightness and the density and I don't know this has a bit of exactly and I think it's also I don't know how John Eve does it because this is 100 sent a whole bunch 107 you oak so you wouldn't expect it to be so pretty as you I always moved the mindset that a great wine that's in for me great wine as you said earlier 10 is a lot of the times defined by balance and and I think wines that are in that our imbalance are always in balance you can say we can easily taste this to say this is very youthful there's obviously a lot more potential this to age and evolve and reveal so much more beyond what it's revealing right now but it's just so delicious right now the question to you maybe or Derek you so experience with Burgundian wine when you would taste this one blind where where would you put it would you would you or even in terms where in the world and then also if you would put it in Burgundy would you put it in whenever money you whether I would say a hundred percent phone Roman 8 2014 2 maybes or nailed it nailed it knew it no it's interesting I know it really does have for me von Romme a name really is it reveals some of this power but it also has this this elegance as well in terms of the aromatic profile giving this contrast of these this wonderful pretty floral personality and contrast to the density of fruit and and and some of that soo bahk character but I mean obviously every every every every winery vineyard and every producers a little bit different but it's that it's that contrast of that elegance and power is what I usually look for for one room and a so um you know in hindsight obviously and knowing that it's from Roman Roman a it seems very obvious to me if he poured it to me blind I don't know but it definitely has some of that the new oak he gives it this caress in this this of this approach that could lead you to be to place it and you know many different places in the world but I think when you taste it on the palate and you feel some of that Siddha tea and that that character you know it's it's interesting actually after a while and my very very naive palette of red wine will place it it's interesting how how powerful the oak comes across off for a while and I'd be very you know it would be interesting after you know two or three hours to see whether the oak starts to overpower or whether we start to see a balance coming back in I don't know I think is that I think it's he's a youthful thing as well because like so Fabian deeply who does the Boogaloo he's now stopped doing oak all together but back when he used to do a high percentage of oak I've tasted younger wines of his which are a bit like all those oak then I tasted attend the other day which was back when he's at the high percentage on gammy and you couldn't tell at all if I can find it I would have been like no work whatsoever and I think it's you know it's not a dogmatic approach necessarily even though there that's how they're making it but it's you know they're it's it's a harmony between the fruit and they're not isolated from each other they're making they're using a barrel-aging a televised process to match the wine just as you know they're growing grapes to fit that process so it's kind of a it's on mutual yeah a few winemakers about about visa using hundred cent whole bunch and hunt that new wood and they were like he can do what he wants the fruits there so there are quite of people for us and why is it special for you so tonight I brought the gibberish number 10 2009 village-level wine from domain club do got it's interesting to me because I like Pinot Noir to be or in my head on paper I like our mall Russo this kind of ethereal really profound but you know transparent and captivating for all these different reasons every and and another kind of producers are like Phillipe accolade we shall return some of his wines I think are really captivating and close to God is really in many ways the antithesis of what I think I would love about Burgundy you know it's he's it rates to in many ways very similar to bees oh he's working to achieve really densely concentrated fruit very low yields farms biodynamically everything's horse plowed it makes a very tiny amount of wines but to create these really dense and interesting Pinot Noir and you know for me I think of the Burgundy as I'd like to be very ethereal and very elegant and and and lifted in and you know on their tippy toes not to be something so powerful which include us wines in in many ways can be but I've tasted a number of few days it was the 2005 Lavasa and Jack from close to God that I tasted that I just couldn't stop thinking about the wine I mean I it was just it sat it stuck with me it was like eating the densest most flavorful blueberries and blackberries and you know densely packed wild while wild you know brambly berries from the force and all through it was this unmistakable and this captivating spine of the Jeffrey terroir just kind of screaming through giving you the Cepeda T in this this depth to it which I thought contrasted so profoundly with the concentration of fruit which was so seductive and his one's always kind of captivated me since then and they're really they're really they're really different and you know we'll see in the 2009 which was a very warm vintage and it's interesting to see how that vintage has evolved and how the wines have even gained further spine I think in many of the great examples but yeah I've so I just grew to be fascinated with his wines and in spite of myself I guess and I think that's my personal relationship with the domain and in my my disagreements with him on paper in terms of maybe not thinking or and in the way that it challenged my my ideas about what great Burgundy should be is I think what's created the relationship I have the wine so I love I love Brittany I love I love there's never a sham or 10 and I love so many different producers and how they contrast with each other and I think that helps me appreciate the perspectives of each because I don't think one's necessarily better you know I was talking to Philippe accolade about you know comparing his Laveau sanjak to domain clothes do you guys love Louis and Jack and philosophically they couldn't disagree any more clothes you guys completely D stemmed Philippe acally is completely whole cluster you know they're making wines from the same vineyard and and from completely different perspectives and it just makes me love and fascinated with the perspectives of both because they each have this unmistakable expression of where they're from but in completely different interpretations and and and that's what fascinates me about Burgundy and in the same way that we're seeing this with the champagnes and the burning of the youth brought you know it's what sparked so partly so fascinating with Pinot Noir obviously these great wines are dependent on great soils and great vineyards but let's get some in the glass and see if you all see if you all hate it it sounds already mouth-watering Wow so with soda makes Claude you guy he he uses 100% in a walk on his premier Premier Cru wines and above its work really low yields everything that he does is essentially to achieve in the same way that be so concentration in the vineyard and his his cousin Bernard do gappy is a another famous heralded cult producer that maybe in some ways works somewhere in between bees oh and include you got works is a bit of whole cluster it works well on milk you know philosophically in the vineyards there's a lot of similarities but all of these producers are in have many things in common to say different and and differ very much from more you know let's say producers who are working a much more different kind of traditional way with less milk but one of the things about bringing these we we we often overlook how much Oky is used I mean all of the most of the great domains are these you know these wines are command thousands of pounds of bottle many of them use 100% new oak on their premier cru or a grand cru wines and for me I'm I generally with wines think that I I gravitate to wines that don't have any new Welkin and even a brainy I wanted to use his for do got today I wanted to choose his Jeb reach number town which doesn't use 1% anyway look there is some new barrels but I think it's usually maybe half or less than half and you'll feel presence of the barrel but as you can see from you know to see it side by side with be so you know the Duga on the left is is it's five years older than the B's oh and it's still it's significantly more and more densely concentrated in its in its color if you're looking at the two wines you'd probably say that the wine and the that the do guys even younger and and that's of B so who works in a very concentrated similar way so it's not like he's doing any sort of you know a very delicate approach let's say Claude you guys in barrini and depending on who you ask it's very polarizing domain and I and that's part of why I wanted to pick it because it's it's just one shade of jibberish Emerton it's just one interpretation of the law son Jack and I think each of those perspectives is equally important but they're very different but when you look at these processes and what he does he's a it's a you know cult Burgundian domain but you see a very similar approach by a producer like Roberto for SEO in Barolo and he's regarded as you know the modernists they're the revolutionary vineyard on in that but you know it's interesting you put them in different locations but there's a very similar philosophy to their dedication in the vineyard and maybe negatively or too easily associated with their their vinification I think that's also how I like to see generally in comparison to Vaughn Nagamani you have sort of the terroir and and everything expressed really clearly in both but it's sort of like the more muscular ghibli and the more sort of pretty in floral one i think it's a great representation of both yeah and i think as you say in contrast to each other is really fascinating this the Von Jeffrey there they're very different in their identification but there are so many harmonious philosophies to how they how they grow that it really gives you that it makes it easier to see the contrast in the terroir and it's fascinating both of these vines I I can't put a label on them they're so unique and charismatic and they have so much personality I love that about it because I read I don't have to think where it's from I just think it's good wine but of course the little one he gave me it starts to think somewhere where could this be and with this one the nose is for me Pinot yeah but when I have it in the mouth as you said Christine are the black fruit and and there's also this bit of savory herb oh if you give this to me blind I would maybe think maybe this could be Barolo somewhere or maybe even maybe in a bit somewhere middle of Italy I mean that's your region you you know that Sue Ellen and and why I say this also has another reason when we we did a lot of tastings like with older very old Barolo versus burgundy and I'm always fascinated how how these two taste almost the same when they're like 20 30 40 years old then they move closer to each other and this is and this is like in young it's it's really fascinating I think it's I've never drunk something like this it's so unique it's just interesting to in the progression of the wines we tasted to see that evolution in the concentration and kind of the amplification of the Pinot I guess we could say in this and I think it works really way really works really well in the Ascension of the four wines we tasted tonight but again each one with each of these wines be for different people I mean if we're if we're looking to friends or family or or customers or or you know followers on social media everyone's gonna have a different perspective on on which one would be more to their taste and and so it's always fascinating to whom people say oh you know you have customers or people say I don't really like Pinot Noir or said well there's so many things there's a whole world that you're saying within that and I always think that that's an interesting thing to explore to try to find like what is the people you know what's their style that they might gravitate to because these Pinos are very different on a similar end of the spectrum but will be very polarizing to some some people and and and I think that that's I think that's interesting because I think they're made with equal integrity too many others can I make a quick point of Jenny because I do this quite a lot I'm unbelievable it is to go back to champagne at the end to lift up because they're tea I do tend to find it I is I red wines I do tend to find I need food I need something to help me through the process and then when you're having them as they are and they want to beautiful red wines but but um III need something to then lift and when you go back to champagne be it rose a or vlog you get this little kind of and it just lifts you back up into that that moment so thanks so much you guys for coming for bringing these amazing wines from your cellars and it's been a really really nice conversation really exciting wines and really nice to explore Pinot and so many different so many different shades obviously it's a much broader world beyond just this small section that we looked at but really fascinating Thanks to everyone a kitchen table for for hosting us in the beautiful restaurant and choose something so it's all de la vie la move [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Johan-os5zg [1 likes]: Boom, Christina brings the good stuff!
  2. @RedzoneRednecks: Champagne ❤️
  3. @fredlee2239: Were those Zalto Universal glasses that you used?

- Burgundy's Viticultural Revolution Masterclass: Kind: captions Language: en uh thank you very much for coming um today we're going to talk about burgundy's viticultural revolution and i think it's the first time that a tasting like this has been done actually because rather than looking at one particular appellation one particular producer one particular vintage or even you know the code de bone and the code did me or whatever instead we're going to range all the way from the making in the south up to uh we're going to look at wines that you know in terms of market value go from between over a thousand a bottle with the anula show and the in the crazy auction prices uh that i saw in new york a couple of weeks ago uh two wines that you can still find um in a good wine store for 35 40 euros perhaps it's so it's a novel theme and what unites all of those wines all the wines we're tasting today uh is in fact not obviously an appellation there are obviously some commonalities of grape variety and a broad regional um union but um what we're looking at is is that method of farming you know and this is absolutely fundamental and so i wanted to begin by showing you this picture yeah in burgundy we hear an awful lot about te hua and um we hear a lot about appellations and we all study uh what sort of limestone is where and how much clay there isn't given vineyard but these three grape clusters come from exactly the same toho exactly the same as in cheshire marsha as it happens uh and they are adjacent the parcels touch there is no geological difference there's no difference in exposition uh the sole differences you have are root stocks and vinyl genetics on the one hand and on the other even more decisively how they are farmed and i want to try to talk you through why this is important you know so you can see that this cluster here is about half the size of this cluster uh the bunches are much more open the cluster is is smaller the skins are thicker and it's better aerated so what how does this translate to to the wine this is going to make a wine that's much more concentrated we talk always about hector liters per hectare or tons per acre what you should really talk about in terms of yield is grams per cluster so the smaller your cluster the higher the ratio of solids to juice the more concentrated and intensely flavored your wine will be also the most structured your wine will be um so clearly there's a decisive difference between these two another one in the middle it's bigger it's fatter yes you can also see it's considerably less right this is all picked at the same moment within minutes then 2020 vintage in chattanooga show this one is from olivier lammy by the way you have one of his wines in the tasting today and so this uh is going to produce a a wine that's more herbaceous that's maybe not necessarily more acid in terms of the numbers but will be perceptibly more acidic tasting a tartar and will not have the same sort of plenitude of fruit this is this will make a rather softer supple rounder open less concentrated very giving wine there's something a little meager and herbaceous and there's something very concentrated fully ripe but very precise and so uh what is the difference if it is not the soil because that's all we hear about when we read about burgundy well in fact it is the farming surprisingly enough um and the the cluster like this comes from vines that are managed and farmed a very different way so uh to take the the cluster in the middle is sort of the classic uh run-of-the-mill burgundy producers farming of today it's green like that because there are a lot of leaves the vine is very vegetatively vigorous and that means they'll be putting a lot of nitrogen fertilizers onto it sometimes using herbicides which reduces the sort of competition for nitrogen all of those things uh and we can see uh you know you could see how much greener it is than either of these clusters now this uh obviously it's even more bloated so there's plenty of fertilizer there but it's been more de-leafed the canopy was a little bit higher and so the the plant has been able to ripen the grapes somewhat more completely even though it's still rather fat and juicy and here the vine has been trained completely differently and i can show you some pictures because it's hard to sometimes make sense of some of these things without seeing it so this is a vineyard that's trained a bit like olivier lami trains his vineyard you see the vines have not even been cut at the top they've been allowed to grow very high now when a plant grows like that it produces much smaller clusters in fact the sap of the plant is uh concentrated in a much larger uh plant every time you hedge you cut every time you trim this off which is what classic vineyards are trimmed about one meter tan in burgundy every time you trim it off you encourage the plant to grow more leaves and you reduce the actual size of the plant so that you force juice into the berries essentially you make the grapes swell and you also encourage them to retain this sort of herbaceous flavor you delay real ripening so this big shift has really been going on uh in burgundy since the late 90s where people are starting and it's inspired to some extent by looking at new world uh practices in fact they have higher canopies uh which results in these smaller riper more concentrated clusters and i and that this vineyard actually belongs to the what's the bomb of dominion but it's it's it's exactly the same practice now if i can why why have people not been doing this why are vineyards hedged at 1 meter 10 well the answer is typical tractors for vineyard work in burgundy and the vines are planted very high density remember so in bordeaux you can drive tractors between the rows because the density is low it's easy and burgundy the density is high ten thousand lines per hectare ah it used to be twenty thousand before phylloxera and to go between the rows is very tricky the standard tractors have a capacity to go to about one meter fifty to go over the row and you drive above the row so of course you have to trim it so you get in this cycle where you're trimming the vinyl to be able to go into the vineyard with the tractor and you're using the tractor to trim the vine and it becomes a sort of self-perpetuating vicious cycle of far too much intervention uh this guy that jean-marc vanessa wanted to be here today we have one of his wines he can't because he's fighting uh frost in his vineyards in burgundy and one of the solutions you have a technical solutions to go between the rows so you can allow the canopies to grow high you see the canopy here is about one meter 80. and he's got this little caterpillar track device which weighs less than a horse uh that can go through the vineyard and cultivate so there's been this whole uh explosion really around looking at canopy management uh to train the canopies higher to result in these smaller more concentrated clusters and then all the attendant material challenges and solutions uh equipment like this what are some of the other things these producers are doing well here i think it's helpful to look back in time a little bit to some of the things that went wrong in burgundy and you know we have to be candid that a lot of things went wrong in burgundy in the late 1960s through to very recently um this was the era of intensive agrochemical usage everywhere in the world uh and everyone thought it was progress and you know i i have to say i have a small vineyard parcel in burgundy and i've removed weeds from around the vines with a uh a pickaxe one time my colleague luis uh joined me and he got blisters after doing about five vines and he had to sit down it's hell i can absolutely understand uh why people adopted herbicides in the 60s and 70s when wine prices were very low uh when the the mechanical equipment for cultivating vineyards was actually much less effective than it is today so you really had to do an awful lot by hand it's brutal but uh but these guys are nuts uh sean mcmahon saw i think he told me he did the equivalent of um what was it it was 7 000 kilometers a year on foot in his vineyards back in the late 90s when there was this equipment i mean it's it's uh it's outrageous over the course of the year they're constantly in the vines and a lot of these guys domain lawyer you've all heard of it we all know what the prices are people like jean-marc garcon did that for 20 years in obscurity with uh no one bothering to look and see what he was doing um so a lot of these sort of techniques to do with undoing the problems caused by the use of herbicides excessive fertilizers uh sort of mechanic mechanization of the vineyard which is really rather recent in its state i mean we went from horses to tractors only in the 1950s in burgundy so this is all new and we're still coming to terms with with um what's the best way to to manage the vineyard there's also now um particularly the incentive of a changing climate especially drier warmer soils you can see that here uh jean-marc and all the producers we're tasting here and they do start tasting by the way there's nothing worse than being talked at continuously without without a drink but but save a little bit for the discussion but by all means like get acquainted with the wines already uh what uh what they'll start have been doing uh is trying to leave vegetative cover crop on the uh to protect the soils throughout the season this has a number of advantages you have more organic matter in the soil which means it can absorb more water when it rains and retain more water obviously better nutrition for the plants but also protects the soil from heat so between a herbicide treated bare soil and a soil with a with grass like that there can be a 20 degree centigrade difference in the soil temperature 20 meter 20 centimeters down so it's i mean it's incredible it's a really big difference it's bigger than you'd think and if you have a hot dry vintage uh it's amazingly advantageous in terms of the way the plant performs the plants much necessarily shut down it keeps its leaves you know vintage like 20 20. this is 2020. there are a lot of producers in the cote d'or where the basil leaves these leaves along here that protect the fruiting zone from sunburn this started to fall off and turn yellow august 10th because i was there uh and it you know this was obviously not a problem for for sean mark with the way he manages his vignette i think that's you know so a lot of people talk today about changing for rape varieties or how do we adapt to climate change there's so much to be done this is one of the things that really excites me uh the other reason you know to sort of conclude these introductory remarks before we we start tasting and please ask as many questions as you like because i'm you know it's a complicated topic there's a lot of things we could go into if you like um but one of the reasons it's important to me is because you know when i started reviewing burgundy it's a very complicated um region you know and we talked a lot about we talked a lot about tasting but to me clearly there are two intermediaries between the wine and the glass and the soil and they are agronomy and winemaking so there are things that i've absolutely wanted to interest myself in i also found that you know it's very easy to make mistakes when you're reviewing burgundy it's very tricky to review the wines are not really built around tannin in in the way that bordeaux is um you know even a very young bordeaux you can get a sense of whether there's something in the glass or not are the tannins right and then you know that you your range of error is less extensive let's say now wines that are built around acidity and have very delicate tannins very delicate colors some of these wines do can be very hard especially if they're reduced or they're shy when you taste them from barrel and there can be ones that taste very flattering that actually five years later you've had you know you really you missed it because they were not actually genuinely good ones they just tasted good on that day so how to anchor wine criticism in something more material uh you have to interest yourself in the process so that i started going to the vineyards and looking and seeing what people are doing i know whose parcels are who's in a lot of the vineyards you know and you make many fewer mistakes i don't like to be wrong and i find that um it's remarkable you know the people who are really attentive and put the hours in the vineyard and have intelligently managed finance they tend to do the same thing in the winery and then they tend to make very good wines irrespective of whether they're in the making or the coachella nest or in a grand cru of the kodinumi so for me it's been it's been very unstructured i think i have maybe another picture this is okay so this is the guy who made the first wine that we're going to taste he has a tendency to dress a little like a uh 1980s gym teacher and he's a he runs marathons he's incredible i mean super fit um much fitter than me unfortunately but he's he is in mercury right so mercury is one of those regions which from the point of view of the wine trade was supposed to occupy the price point between uh a bourgogne rouge and a village wine from the cote de beau so mercury had to be a certain price so so what does that impose then wine journalists didn't bother to visit mercury for the most part and if they did they'd do a centralized tasting with a with a trade group that would put together 100 wines without any context in an office and you taste them well done so so that imposes a dynamic of uh productivity on producers in mercury you know you have to make a certain volume because your wine cannot exceed a certain price there's a glass ceiling it can't get more than a certain score because it's making it get more than a certain price because it's mercury so you have to make more of it if you want to be rich and you want to have a nicer car you don't have a swimming pool uh and if you decide to do things that reduce your yield you have to watch your neighbor getting a nicer car you have to watch your neighbor getting this way before taking the vacation and no one will buy your wine because it's too expensive you know and this is this is the uh problem that bruno encountered and let's let's start tasting his wine but he's a maniac you know and he likes to he likes big challenges he works in south africa he worked he makes his own barrels he did some consulting and then he came back to the family domain in the mid-90s he made a fantastic 1994 mercury it was so good that a negotiation from bone bought it and sold it to chevy town and this was again historically what happened when these wines were good before the traceability that we have today in terms of paperwork they were often sold as higher grander appellations you know ravenous liquor was always sold as maura shea in um maxime's restaurant in paris for example you know because chablis so you know we don't know quite how good these wines can be and what bruno did you can see perhaps a little bit the density of planting is very high so he planted vines instead of at 15 uh 10 000 vines per hectare planted them at 20 000. so the competition between the plants is greater you get even smaller clusters even more concentrated flavors you can taste it i mean to me and then combined with all that concentration intensity and maturity ripeness because of the high canopies um because of the the shading effect you retain extremely fresh acidity so the wine has the wine squares the circle of which is what all great white burgundy should do of having amplitude and tension you know it's a full story sometimes people say i like crush this in mine or people say well i like texture i like freshness and texture and that's what chardonnay is all about chardonnay is about amplitude with incision so so i i think it's i think it's a terrific wine and mercury is better known for its reds but i wanted to show what he can do with white wine as well to me there's a real plenitude to this wine but then it's so fresh so tangy and this isn't a vintage 19 which is extremely sunny and warm and i can tell you if you go out and the one mistake we made in this tasting is we needed a bad wine in both colors from like a classic producer who phones it in and makes in 19 flabby fat slightly alcoholic um coarsely okay chardonnay and someone who makes you know a really boring pinot noir and they exist there are plenty of them you know i try to avoid tasting them frankly but such wines exist and next time i'm going to have to like put an anonymous bad wine in the tasting just just to compare because you may not taste a huge number a huge amount of mercury you probably don't even have a huge context for how bad mercury can be and this it can sit next to premier crew at santoba i talked a little bit about did i talk a bit about olivia lammy yes i think i mentioned him he's in fact the guy who pioneered these high density plantings and all the producers in fact all the producers on this deck of wines are all friends and they exchange so it's almost like a team and they exchange between them they high-density plantings is something a lot of them have adopted santa barbara for me is like 20 years ahead of mercury in terms of perception santa monica 20 years ago was sold because on the map this is next to pulini marisha and shasan yamara show and it's half the price that was how it was sold in fact it's a completely different toho santa bar is situated in a coma valley it's much more windy it's not higher altitude for the most part than putin yoshisanya but it's a windier and much cooler um so it produces wines naturally they have a lot of tension that they can be meager and so the challenge is to build flesh into the wine and structure into the wine and density into the wine while retaining the acidity that comes naturally lamy is one of the pioneers of that and he was the pioneer of very high density plantings up to 30 000 vines per hectare and it's almost a nightmare to prune them because you have to make sure that the uh shoots don't cross because if they cross you get concentration of leaves humidity and then disease so he prunes these vineyards himself they have to work them cultivate them using a um a trolley plow you can't get a tractor into the vineyard because it's too steep and uh again it's a project that you would never have thought to no rational person would have ever undertaken it knowing that the bottle price back when he started planting these high density vineyards in san jose was was uh i mean must have been like 15 euros for a premier crew uh adapted for inflation you know even i mean they were but there were nothing and that's to the compressed consumer not uh not when sold to the trade or in bulk and in fact his neighbors were very suspicious why are you planting more vines they said you know are you trying to make more wine so they thought they thought the yields would go up and they even initiated a complaint to the appalachian board the inao in france about it but then after two years when they saw the yields went down they withdrew the complaint they just assumed he was an idiot but now you know now now the wines explode in price and i think you know everyone begins to see that this is kind of interesting and so again i talked a little bit about how people start saying should we plant souvenir blanc or syrah in burgundy i mean i sure hope they don't i really have enough civilian blanket bordeaux now uh now that i'm reviewing uh white bordeaux but i i and they also saying concomitantly they're saying within these drier drought vintages uh you need lower density of planting you need to legalize a lower density a lower minimum density of plantation because otherwise the vineyards will suffer too much well in fact the vineyard at 30 000 hectares 30 000 vines per hectare that's absolutely fine in a dry year because it is farmed intelligent in terms of canopy management soil health for the last 20 years now the people who suffer will the people who who plant at very low density will be the same people who today can't you know make it work at ten thousand they won't be able to make it work at three thousand uh it's a paradox i see in champagne as well you know everyone is saying global warming is gonna be great for champagne because people will be able to get more ripe grapes but in fact the people who couldn't get ripe grapes in the 1990s today they don't have enough acidity in their graves bad farming is always bad farming it always makes bad grapes and always makes inferior wines i mean that's just how it is and the people who managed to ripen their grapes philly in the 90s in champaign well they're the ones who are making fresh wines today and it's absolutely the same in burgundy i mean it's it's flagrant um two quite different choirs all three of these the the third is maybe the the real the the oldest in the group he's 66 now jean-marie griffin's belgian who studied um theater and uh then accidentally sort of became a winemaker after working a harvest in the macana and we've been a great character one of the the geniuses of french wine making i said you know you could say france's best general napoleon was a it was an italian and uh maybe france's best white wine maker in the 20th century along with jean-francois koch and larry vise is a belgian so it's kind of one of the funny irony is that an englishman i like to tease the french about but he was a real pioneer because he uh adopted some of these techniques of leaving grass growing in the vineyards not hedging the vineyards instead letting the shoots grow fully and he's always been about trying to have the he doesn't care really how many clusters he has but he wants the clusters to be as small as possible not all three wines for me real um intensity incisiveness and a lot of texture too that the center bar is probably the most chiseled and chalky in general i think that also reflects the personalities of the wine makers you know olivier lambie is actually a rather shy thoughtful guy who takes time to sort of unwind and his wines are like that santa man is also like that but there's an element of people expressing their personalities uh guffans is the most extrovert of the characters and it's the most extrovert of the three wines you know and it's really it's definitely i would say the most modest uh appellation is of course this macon piece this is just a macro village level one typically this is vitified in huge tanks and uh so they didn't in bulk for nothing you know this is this is somebody taking out worth nothing on paper and given no credibility in making a wine for me that's fantastic so does anyone have any comments on the old questions on the whites while we're before we go into grids well yeah let's go back to the picture of the of the vineyards because it's instructive so you might think that when you have a higher canopy you're going to get higher alcohol in the wines because leaves photosynthesize they produce sugar which accumulates in the fruit so the higher your canopy uh the more the more alcohol you're going to get but in fact not so not entirely so if you were to trim this canopy at this height the vines would produce more lateral shoots and you'd have a very dense wall of leaves here that would indeed generate more sugar and make a higher alcohol wine that's absolutely a big problem today in parts of bordeaux especially on the right bank where people raise the canopies it's you know looking at what people were doing in the new world these higher canopies but we're still hedging them uh trimming them and resulting in very thick canopies that generate a lot of sugar so you have merlot 16 17 alcohol which is for me a bit fatiguing to drink and taste but you see in fact this canopy is very sparse because the vines have produced no lateral shoots so the canopy while tall and thus creating a lot of shade protecting the fruit from sunburn or dehydration or desiccation is also not generating that much uh sugar and this is the this is the sort of glory of this method of viticulture is it protects uh the fruit without particularly generating much sugar of course it's i should say there are some disadvantages to doing this huh uh a tall canopy like this if you have mildew established up there it's very difficult to treat with a tractor you have to do it by hand with an atomizer uh normally people cut off the top and it cuts off all uh part of the canopy where the mildew is implanted so you have to go through treating all the time in a difficult vintage um you can't get a tractor in there you physically can't drive a tractor in it really limits and it's so so it does have advanced disadvantages it requires a lot more work so i can absolutely understand why people don't do it that way but it's very interesting and you imagine even if law were to leave some uh grass and protect the the soil a bit from sonic you could have maybe even better results but these are all producers who manage i mean we have here only we have only warm sunny vintages here including including 17 which was ultimately a rather sunny vintage and i mean none of the none of the wines lack for me none of the wines like freshness they all have low low phs high acids but it's a big question you know and people need to we will need to think about it um fortunately you won't find in 2021 many high alcohol wines yes affect um the timing of the body and ultimately the effect of a hot summer on yeah i mean it its biggest impact is on obviously whether you frost or not and then also on your yield so the later you prune the later the the vine will begin its vegetative cycle and um thus if you have an early frost and you prune late your vineyard is less likely to be butted out let's let it lose your crop john mark delivered quite a good yield in uh 2021. by contrast late pruning also means you you the vine is somewhat stressed by by this uh and you get a lower yield than you would in a year where everything goes right so jean-marc made much less wine than his neighbors in 2020 in 2018 he made much more wine than his neighbors in 16 and 21. so a lot of people would prefer to choose to make the appalachian maximum three years out of five and then lose two crops pretty much um but that's a different mentality jean-marc would prefer to have the same yield every year and that's what he's aiming for i think in terms of um actual ripening the ripening period the vines tend to catch up you know he's not picking two weeks later then his neighbors on the contrary when you have a big canopy like that um you tend to get faster physiological maturity of tannins with somewhat lower sugars that sense that this has not really been studied very much also because you have to you have to imagine that techniques like this are not of interest to the sort of bodies that um fund research in white you know the people who fund research in wine are big regional bodies where everyone subscribes so they're just interested in the average or they're big companies like gala or whatever which is which is great but they're interested in making more wine more efficiently they're not interested in doing something that reduces the volume you produce you know so so it's not really been studied but what has been done is some empirical studies by various winemakers where they've taken the parcel divided in two and done it different ways and now that's not something that would hold up in a peer-reviewed journal of course but it's very suggestive and as are the results in the glass i was suggestive enough for me to be to leave me entirely convinced in fact well drc remains in a more traditional model of viticulture in terms of hedging the the vines um in terms of working the soils very regularly but this is also beginning to change they've been there's been changes of personnel at dlc uh i think they're looking at what's going on you know i think when you have the pressure of being drc and when you have um i mean it just does does her own thing and she answers to no one you know and she tried to do that at drc and it didn't work um drc is not is not like that uh has a very different sort of relationship with the with the external world and to change something radically at drc is kind of a big deal i mean it's easier for someone in something to do something original than it is for drc for example but i think they're looking at things like this you know and they've they've remained attached to sort of what i would call the good tradition which is when they hedge ramune conti they do it with shears by hand they don't drive a tractor in compacting the soil and stressing the vine much more using it using a trimmer they do it by hand with with shears you know things like that it remains the good side of classicism and i think in fact the last few vintages of drc 2019 drc wines are the best young mines i ever tasted from the middle of a county i have to say so you know what can you what can you do they have fantastic vine genetics they have fantastic vineyards and and they exemplify the best of the old tradition which is in the process of evolving that would be my my answer i think it depends entirely on the producer you know people often people ask me questions about appellations and about vintages uh and my favorite new response is to say you know generalizing about an appellation or about a vintage is like advising a man who's about to cross a river that it's four foot deep on average your mileage may vary uh but i think clearly you know especially the udon site of la mi uh from santa barbara for me is much better than the vast majority of uh pretty near premiere or grand cru today i mean there's no question i try to review and score the wines as i would in a blind tasting now i do have the occasion to taste blind but most of my reviews obviously it's not possible to go to an estate and taste the wine's blind and you can't taste the wines if you don't go to the estate unless you're tasting them from my own seller which i do on a regular basis so i do taste a lot of burgundy blind but when i'm reviewing them generally not but i do try to score them without imposing this glass ceiling of saying this is sounded bad so i subtract two points uh this is pretty neat so it can't be that bad you know um this is shambhatta so it must be the lowest it can go is 92. i try not to be like that i think that as um something that perpetuates established hierarchies and i think the only real redeeming feature of the 100-point system in many ways is that it's a disruption it breaks glass ceilings it puts things back into question uh it encourages progress when it's correctly applied the worst possible thing we can do when we score wine is to simply validate existing hierarchies and make wines that are already expensive more expensive and now sometimes those top wines at the top of the tree are the best uh and you have to say it as well but i really try to to use the scoring system to to as possible as possible liberate producers you know jean-michel get to his wine it's wine number five but since uh he started being reviewed in the wine he was not reviewed in the anglophone press before by the way um started making wine in 1998 so i started reviewing him in 2015. so he had to wait for a little while but now he's been able to put up his prices by 30 they're still very cheap that means he can do an extra year of ellavage i mean it's incredible it's all being rolled back into the vineyards he's replanting all of his vineyards at twenty thousand vines per hectare so so i think that's the great side of the hundred point system we often hear you know scoring as bad and so on and you know sometimes it does inflame it's like pouring gasoline on a fire but something like what we can do there i think is actually meritorious and helps helps the region at least that's what i like to believe okay shall we go into the reds yes very good so here we have another vineyard that is managed with the sort of they call it tressage which means sort of braiding if you like it instead of trimming the canopies you roll them over to just sort of you know because you still want some sort of order so you can get in and out to do treatments and this is david this is a guy who was not born into a winemaking family um passionate about wine and came to burgundy got a job um working for a negotiate house then managed to find an investor who was going to put up the money to buy an estate based in bone for him and he's acquired vignettes he farms it it's i i my parcel in bone that i farm is opposite one of his and i have to say it it is really beautifully done his parcel honestly i mean every time i walk past it i think why can't my vineyard look a bit more like that but we're getting there we're getting there but it's it's beautifully done and it's not absolutely you know bone honestly i was i was uh me and one other producer were the only people who bothered to put up uh put frost protection last year in our vineyards in bone because it's just not taken seriously by people no one who has bone doesn't have something better almost you know what i mean in fact bone in the 18th century was celebrated as producing some of the greatest wines in burgundy uh if you look at the anu and things like that the old books but who needs to be told by somebody in the 18th century that the wine can be great we can taste it in the class that's um you know you don't need to always look to back to history sort of validation of what's possible you should just go and try the reality is most bone is farmed badly um a lot of herbicides just people phoning it in and so when you take someone like uh double quote this is a very steep hillside vignan right at the top of the slope uh in a comb very um stony soils here are difficult to work by tractor it's so steep and then he does this this trench technique they're very old vines and you have a wine which has real aromatic range plenitude freshness um they can age they can age very well it's one of his most sort of minerally saline wines he's some of his 17s from lower lying sites and maybe a bit more flattering to dates today actually i find that the acidity is is pronounced it's got real cut uh but in 10 years that will serve it very well you know you'll have a wine that's extremely transparent perfumed precise but i encourage you i encourage anyone to look at his wine he's probably the least famous um of the producers on the table but that's that's by design i mean i wanted it not just to be like an arnold show uh horizontal i mean we could do that one day but um but it's nice to to look at a set of wines where i don't think any single wine is out of place but some are much better known and much more expensive than others um then we have we go we go really down south you know uh santiner was was really famous in the 19th century and they had a casino so a lot of people came to something they had a railway station these are sort of things that impact whether an appellation is prestigious or not in fact historical accident uh nothing to do necessarily with wine quality um but but everything started to go wrong right so after phylloxera people had to make big choices about how they replanted and what they replanted with you will caught i know uh we have a backup bottle louise lewis could you tell them there's a coke bottle of the uh the song right yeah mine's okay but um we have a backup bottle so we'll how many people have got a corked glass of devasta only two normally there will be more than two [Laughter] very slight or we'll open it anyway so we'll see and we can do we can we can but anyway and yeah there was a big bottleneck in the genetic divine genetics of pinot noir in burgundy uh in the 1870s through 1920s because all the vineyards had to be replanted they all died and they had to graft them over to american rootstock so suddenly there was this big shortage of vine genetics there's also very obviously a period of great impoverishment in all french viticultural regions because wine prices went up but they didn't have any wine to sell because the vineyards were dead so people when they replanted many cases chose much more productive vine material for the grafts and there's still a sort of bifurcation today in burgundy between families that chose to preserve high-quality van genetics like the don chevilles uh the dugas um you know the mental harmony county and so on and people who didn't now the source of these very highly productive fat-buried selections of pinot noir uh were various but the but saltine was a big center for it uh so it was pernal in perennial versions and um these sort of genetics and also masternode and these very productive uh selections of pinot noir sort of um spread all along the cote d'or right and with the result that especially villages where those selections came from came to be planted almost exclusively with very poor quality selections of pinot noir now to mitigate that in chessenya mauro shape you you can prune grapevines essentially two ways in burgundy you can do cane uh pruning make a cordon or you can do spur pruning which is the geo simple system which is what you know most high quality producers do now you do caught on to limit the yields so you have this paradox of people in chesanya marache and something there for the red wines they have these highly productive selections of finance but then to mitigate the productivity they prune them in cordon so you're really in a very paradoxical situation of planting something that produces too much and then trying to calm it down in fact you should be bonding something uh that produces the right amount and trying to prune it so that the vine is healthy and balanced that's really where you need to be so this is a big thing holding back something uh andrea mcdonough decided to to address that so he planted missile selections taken from places like dangerfield better genetics higher density and not in cordon i think you see you see some of the some of the results gravia is the most celebrated historic living out in salton you know some of this is accident right gravity is why is gravior the most uh celebrated there are probably other vineyards that are just as good or maybe better um but it's because it's the biggest and so it was the most likely to have its name put on a bottle uh because it was better known same in chambo mussini historically the two vineyards that people bothered to put the premier crew on the label were lesham and there's amaros they're both the biggest you know and there are a lot of fine vineyards in shambhala and a lot of fine vineyards in something that no one's really heard of that fact and they're always blended away yeah there is a little i think i've got we've got new bottle fantastic you'll get you'll get you'll get the wine as it should be but in the meantime we can talk about um the boule so this this is another um you know these these guys as they say more or less all friends some of them know each other better than others boule to me is one of the producers who best sort of exemplify what the code de bone can do and you put you put his wines in blind tastings with the top producers of the coding and any idea you have about uh could devon cody goes out of the window and one for me as well this this vineyard le freemier how many how many people have drank le fermiere pomade le fremiere premiere crew in this room before hands up two how there you go three i should put my hand up i suppose but uh where does does anyone people know where it's situated it is right below this parcel touches the russian of de monte you know so this is right at the center it's it's between um quinoa it's at a crossroads it's really one of the best possible spots in palma just because it's down on the slope doesn't mean that the soils are very rich on the country the rock uh in fact outcrops at the end of the vineyard so it's more of a little sort of terrace if you like in fact uh the the top part of where bulay has his religion oh where the soils are thin it's very steep has much less in common with rujiyan dubai the famous part of russia than fremier fremier for me is more in the style of rougia than it is the style of um what the style of an inferior vignette anyway it's much better when it's not cooked it was slight but it got worse as it sat in the glasses there you go there then you have the wine as it as it should be again you know fremier this is another sort of example of it even even within a famous appellation like pamar there are these glass ceilings you know and if you go through oh well we'll we'll speak close to home go through the wine advocate database look at all the historic tasting notes for burgundy of puma premier crew sorted by school and you have three pages of uh russia and epperno and now boule unquestionably for me uh fremier is almost always better than almost always not always but almost always better than roshiya in bullet cellar certainly in terms of plenitude body uh muscularity the rujiya he makes from the high part of the vineyard is actually extremely fine burned floral and elegant but it's an example of how the appellation system in fact the 100 point system and wine journalism which should be challenging these preconceptions has actually tended over time to reinforce them in burgundy it's probably the opposite of what happened in bordeaux in bordeaux scoring was really disruptive and you give a bad score to defeat and a good score to uh you know um utmosey like bob did with the 82s back in the day and they created some some disruption in burgundy i think it tended to be the case more that you know always have mussini and uh romane conti on top and then everything uh was on a downward escalator from that point right and this is why this is why foreign people talk about even though it's a fantastic vineyard uh and this is why this is why a lot of things are the way they are in fact and doesn't do you have any any questions about the first three wines rather than wait to go to the end any questions about the vinification like they're quite different in fact in some cases um the the fremier from boulee has a lot of whole bunch quite a lot of new about one third in new york uh the gravia is mostly the stem the bersond is also mostly destemed i think but you don't that you know there's a sort of choices that actually impact the it's the quality of the fruit that comes out rather than rather than the technique i think you know even though these wines also that all these producers have their own individual styles of course um you know wine is a cultural artifact it doesn't you don't harvest bottles of wine so so that it's inevitably mediated by the producer but equally the style for me doesn't you know that these are not technical wines in the sense you say this is a whole bunch wine all right but anyway do feel free to raise your hands if you want to say something but no if not we go we go to wine number seven this is uh then the media darling of contemporary burgundy charles show uh who's kind of done what people in vain ramune really should be doing you know if you're in the nominee you have a license to print money uh you can sell it's like chevrolet also chevrolet you have a license to print 10 euro bills in in romina you have a license to print i don't know hundreds at least i mean because it's just you can sell it you can sell i mean i have also import you know i meet importers and porters always say how do you know anyone new in vogne you know because it's just it's so easy to sell and also you can get away with anything you know if you make a wine in saltine that's too oaky people say this is too oaky and if it's too oaky and it's from vaughn they say it's romanese spice uh it's fantastic i can buy it at francois you know but uh charlotte show has not taken it as a right to print money an entitlement to print money but has rather taken owning some of the greatest vineyards in the cote d'or the most historic celebrated vineyards in the cote d'or as an obligation to push things further and maybe sometimes he's even gone too far we're going to see in in 2020 he made about eight eight liters per hectare now to give you some context uh most producers would consider consider 30 to 35 hectares per hectare a low yield a producer like douche is targeting 35. um most producers would like to make the appellation maximum which is you know it depends on the appellation what the maximum is that in high-yielding visitors they give themselves a surplus that they're allowed to add to it and so on it really becomes uh it becomes very significant the the yield the optimal yield i think for great profound pinot oil is probably between 25 and 30 just in terms of that's what a balanced vine can produce without making too much fruit but eight is a sign that your vineyards are suffering so charles really suffered in the drought of 2020. he did very well though in 2021 says what he's done is total um cover crop all the time grass grows in the vineyards uh with very high density of planting like you have in burgundy and very old vines like he has that's risky the vines has really suffered as i said in 2020 they really suffered but they seem to be coming back but he's risking it he's prepared to risk it he knows that he can sell the wine because he's phenomenal uh in fact his the prices have exploded i've seen this this wine here is now trading for about 1 500 a bottle on the market i mean i've seen i've seen offers and it's going so so the tickets were sold pretty cheap so enjoy it actually cheaper than the shed nifty pet master class by the way he's he's risked everything like i said higher canopies total cover crop all the time the vine genetics were always good very good vine genetics and a lot of vineyards and vernon it has to be said um and the wine making this is 100 whole minimal percentages of new oak and in 2018 rather short elevator um that i think he's making the most noise he's actually the newcomer he's the same age as me we're both 1989 vintage and uh he's he's made the most noise i think it's great it's giving a lot of attention to these techniques and my association with him some of the producers on this table like jean-marc vansol are getting more of a spotlight on them even though they're not from venerable and i think he's contributing to generally even though he comes from bone and makes his famous epileptic like contributing in fact to modern burgundy which as i see it is based you know the prices of wines are increasingly based on the work and the quality and less and less on just people who have fancy appellations and phone it in yeah i mean i used to meet it was a very british mentality i met some people who were in in the uk who would always say you know oh ex producer is great because you can get a grand cru for a really good price and i would always say well look you get a grand cru that tastes uh you pay the price of a premier crew for a grand cru that tastes like a village you know so did you get a good deal i prefer to buy village that tastes like gone crew personally because but that's it's a question of what you want a lot of people want to drink appalachian they want to and there's a comfort in it there's a narrative having a rich richberg on the table i would be the last person to want to pop that balloon but equally i think it's very invigorating and exciting that today's consumers are actually open to tasting wines like this you know 10 15 20 years ago you'd have seen this lineup and there's heaven's sake well there's one grand cru but the shamble village 30 years ago is not anything to get super excited about certainly no shamble of a large 30 years ago for over a thousand bottle and you'd have seen mercury and mac on your i'll go to the bordeaux class you know uh and today that's not the case uh so so it's very exciting and the new markets new emerging markets mainland china uh are the biggest market for you know new emerging markets are actually closer to to the ground and faster to pick up on what is happening in burgundy today than many of the established markets which remain rather entrenched in this sort of concept of appalachian and the grand cru is always better that being said we are going to taste the grand cru in the end so um dugapi i talked a bit about the um this sort of bottleneck in [Music] burgundy's vine genetic patrimony that occurred in the immediate aftermath of the phylloxera epidemic the dugas were very well positioned to to deal with that because um one of their ancestors jean dugat was a lady who was the best grafter of vines in chevrolet shambhata at one of the prominent nurseries and she made sure that they had the best divine genetics you could find in the kodo were kept for the duga family so today you know they actually even have a problem pruning their vineyards because people come into the vineyards to steal the cuttings uh before they want to prune them so the vineyards get pruned practically by you know by people stealing their cuttings before they can prune them themselves yeah because people are aware we're talking about tiny clusters with tiny berries very concentrated naturally and the farming has always been very good here very attentive they were among the pioneers of doing these higher canopies tressage that they don't necessarily they didn't speak any english they don't travel much you know they were not really and they were also very popular they were popular with my predecessors they were popular with bob and they were popular with pierre ivani there was not no bigger kiss of death uh amongst burgundy collectors and have been got good notes from parker in the 1990s you know and they even hull vintages like 1997 chablis is a fantastic vintage for shablee but beer ravani liked it so all burgundy collectors globally assumed that it must be bad you know so hopefully we can move beyond some of these things and and it has to be said you know the dugo family pushed they took great fruit and they pushed it very hard you know so they made some very extracted tannic wines uh again if you're called dugout you don't necessarily get such good oat barrels as if you're called russo because there's a there's this sort of these hierarchies permeate burgundy at every level and they used to get oak barrels that sometimes made the wines a little coconutty rather vanillini and people you know i think burgundy purists found them a bit much now in fact everything is now changed the farming remains great uh the viticulture is some of the best in the code i mean everyone will tell you if you if you know you walk the vineyards you can see it uh but they just decided to push that grapefruit less hard and let what comes naturally come naturally and on the principle that the good stuff extracts itself pretty much uh and with their kind of fruit that they have you just don't need to do a lot of um aggressive aggressive extraction to to make a concentrated intense wine you have to have confidence in your fruit you're seeing this today in contemporary bordeaux as well look at a producer like trolomondo incentivinion they used to push push push to make these sort of monstrous wines in a site that naturally has eight meters of clay it makes very powerful wines now today they decided to stop pushing and i mean the analogy i use is if you're driving downhill you don't need to floor the accelerator you can ease off uh and you'll get to your destination in a better better condition generally and this is exactly what happened for the dugout and 17 to me this is a little closed aromatically compared to how it was um i haven't tasted it for about a year and it was a real the ph is probably 3.3 so i think it's pretty fresh but um i don't for me it's a little shot aromatically this was extremely floral peony violet a year ago it begins to shut down that's one of the challenges with rather concentrated serious wines um you have to maybe even extend your elevash you have to you have to let the wine spend longer in barrel you should maybe start releasing the wines with five six years on the clock this is something the show is thinking about doing but it's very difficult to establish that sort of rotation of stock um just a sort of cash flow issues of taking a domain that bottles everything at 18 months and sells it immediately to modeling everything at 24 months and selling it five years after that i mean that's very challenging and to explain that to a bank manager who might not know anything about wine uh well good luck you know so it is it is a challenge some of these guys are doing it that's why i have immense respect for some of my favorite producers in champaign who started with a stock of zero reserve wines someone like ugly uriad now has the equivalent of 17 years production start which in stock in terms of reserve wines wines aging before disgorgement imagine not taking a paycheck for 17 years of your career i mean incredible that's what he did um so i have immense respect for that i think there's room to do more of that in burgundy and especially very serious wines even in 17 and open rather light vintage which we picked deliberately for that reason to me that's a little closed so i agree but but for me it's for me it's fresh i mean i think the lab analysis would would back that up not that you know analysis did everything but any any other questions yeah i mean i look clearly there's a crazy cultural moment happening uh i think it's it's going to be difficult for the bubble to burst maybe i mean all bubbles burst but is it a bubble is the question firstly there's very little wine look to what happened to bordeaux 2010 when you're looking at chattel defeat for example which is why people lost money on on premiere for 10 years and now just about break even when you don't even factor in storage that's a that's in a state of uh 110 hectares you know so the entire reduction of shadow defeat is the same as the entire surface area uh of volney premier crew right so so there's a lot more wine in bordeaux that the bordeaux bubbles sort of burst in 2010 can the burgundy bubble burst when we're looking at you know for fremier we're looking at eight barrels uh for la show shamball we're looking at 15 to 20 barrels for this wine we're looking at six barrels the charm of du gapi for de mende qua maybe eight barrels the others i couldn't tell you off the top of my head but i i taste these but these are micro production wines so you don't need many rich people to want them for the price to really go up um and i think i think you're seeing a lot of things going on you're seeing generally people are happy to put a lot of money into into consumer goods some very rich people you're also seeing a whole new um carter of of consumers who don't have a sense of price that's tethered to the last 10 years you know if you're buying wine in mainland china you already have to pay 100 tax on it so they really don't care what the price is they just want the wine you know and yeah it's hard it's hard to know i mean it's hard to look at it and not think there's a bubble at work but equally the prices are not going down you know and every time i look they seem to have have gone up appreciably i mean look at russo shampot and i think went up about 3k uh this year when i thought that i thought that's the one that's stabilized because there's a certain production uh maybe people are more excited about things like arnold show law now trading for 8 000 a bottle for the 2019 in some places dollars u.s so so so yeah essentially i don't know i i don't see any real reason why it should should crash um and you know unless there's some sort of world political political event uh that will have us worrying about many other things beyond whether our burgundy portfolio is depreciating you know uh that that being said there remain you know these wines like lauren's always got more expensive in the last five years yes it says van song says griffins and whatnot but these wines still remain really rather affordable and i think that is sort of the future of affordable burgeoning if we can apply the methods that historically were only ever used on grand cru throughout the whole of burgundy suddenly the whole of burgundy is producing a lot of very interesting wine and we don't just need to take to chase the 1.3 percent which is what the grand cru represent in terms of surface area other questions do we have any any if any favorite should we do just for curiosity but for the whites perhaps between do you want people want to raise their hand for wine number one yeah a couple not too many you're a bit harsh on wine number one uh why number two yeah and why number three interesting so pretty pretty split that and between for the reds um oh we can do the same thing favorite for number four no no favorites for number four fair enough uh number five yeah uh six and uh seven you've got expensive taste folks sorry eight the annular show yeah that's that's about 1500 a bottle at the moment on the market but even it's crazy i mean oh no the duke is more like five to six hundred so i think it's still paid for the ticket right hmm okay well if i'll stay around at the front and if anyone wants to wander up or i'll i'll circulate a bit you want to ask any questions um absolutely feel free but um if not thank you very much for coming i hope it's been something a bit different and it's been great fun to present it so thanks a lot cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohanv6458 [5 likes]: This is incredible, thank you.
Could you please list down the wines so I can do a little more research on them?
  2. @MrJcalvino [1 likes]: Incredible video Mr. Kelley!
  3. @DesReck: William Kelley is an  generational talent

- Can the fine wine market maintain its performance? | FT Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Few would argue that we aren't living in turbulent times. But today I've come to a particularly serene part of southeast England to find out how an evolving fine wine market is responding to an assortment of traditional and not so traditional challenges, ranging from long-term weather patterns to pandemics. It's very strong. The market has moved from being a UK-centric type investment to right now, worldwide. And there are more platforms cycling up all the time. In fact, the Live-ex 100, the leading industry exchange of the secondary market, has risen by around a third over the past two years. They are very, very good at putting out information as to the state of the wine market in general. And they are saying that it's extremely robust. Over the past 10 years, when it comes to luxury investments' performance, wine has trailed only cars and rare whisky, according to the Knight Frank Investment Index. But this global market is facing a global issue that could well affect investment values and prices in the longer term - climate change. The major wine regions for investment are all on the same latitude. So you start off with Napa Valley in California, on the West Coast of the United States, through to Bordeaux, through to Burgundy. And of course, these regions are getting hotter and/or colder. As our climate changes, it could make it harder to produce future vintages of the quality we're used to. Climate change is going to play a part in the wine life. That said, with wine, if there is no more Bordeaux, then the wines that are held with customers are only going to increase in value. Of course, climate change could eventually influence supply the other way by actually opening up new areas for quality wine production. The Champagne region of France, for example, is an area seen as being particularly susceptible to climate change, which is why famed champagne houses, like Pomeroy and Taittinger, are now looking to places they would never previously have considered for production. Big international players have come into the English wine scene to invest in their own vineyards, put their money where their mouth is, and recognise how special the southeast of England is. The effect of climate change will, of course, be gradual. But I have come to the UK's oldest wine merchant, Berry Brothers, founded in 1698, to learn more about how certain aspects of the markets are changing now. Some good ordinary clarets, are they? Yes, my favourite. The company stores around £1bn worth of wine for private clients. There may be a few thousand bottles here, maybe. I actually don't know the exact figure. In Basingstoke we currently have a facility for 9mn bottles. Spending on fine wines actually increased throughout the recent pandemic. And sales for its en Primeur season, which allows collectors to buy the most recent vintage before it is bottled, were up over 40 per cent in 2021 compared with 2019. As sales grow, and with greater volumes being traded across the world, ensuring the origin and care of their wine is as it should be is becoming ever more important for collectors. The bulk of what I do is looking to check that everything that we sell is absolutely as pristine as it should be, and that it's come from the right place so that the provenance is correct, that it's been stored correctly on the way into us. In times of higher inflation, as we're seeing now, physical assets do have the potential to offer solid returns. But wine can entail higher costs than other investments due to factors like shipping and storage. It's seldom a short-term investment, and concerns about counterfeiting are also becoming more prominent. It wasn't really an issue up until about 10 years ago. Now it's something which everyone asks us about. Cases like that of Rudy Kurniawan, who in 2013 was convicted of wine fraud for selling tens of millions of fake wines, have thrown a spotlight on counterfeiting. So how big of a problem is wine fraud nowadays? The more common types of wine fraud is mass produced bottling of perfectly potable table wine with a more expensive label on it. And that's happening probably as we speak. Somewhere in the world, somebody is bottling something which is not what it says on the label. Combating the frauds takes various techniques and technologies, both old and more recent. Can you see the fluorescing lights and the fluorescing label there? Yeah. But there are two tiny little holograms in the shape of a cloverleaf. Their position moves with every vintage. Other verification systems can range from nanochips to tracking numbers and even a system that matches a unique pattern of air bubbles under the cap to an image kept on file. One relatively recent development uses blockchain technology to help gain clarity over a bottle's condition and whereabouts across the supply chain. When you've got a broken supply chain, actually, that's the best time, in my opinion, to commit fraud. So what we're doing is saying, actually, we may make 5,000 or 500, depending on what's going out of a QR code that will be unique to that bottle and that batch. Can you show me how this sort of technology would actually work in practise then? We're going to scan that code as so, and now we're going to go into temperature, humidity, and GPS location of that bottle. Systems like Chainvine won't be for everyone. But in a global survey of wineries last year, blockchain technology ranked second of all technologies they saw as having the highest priority of importance to develop. As for the wine investment market, if it wants to build on strong recent performance, it will have to adapt to the constant changes coming from both inside and outside the industry.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sommeliermicheleorbolato9896 [3 likes]: Great quality content! Yes, it's true fine wines can be an alternative to more common assets, such as property or stocks. However, you really need to know what you are doing and preserve them correctly. Keep in mind that preserving and storing the wine correctly is expensive and reduces your return on investment.
  2. @JosephKulik2016 [2 likes]: The ONLY Reason why Some fine wines are so expensive is because PT Barnum was correct when he observed that:  "There's a Sucker born every minute !!!"  I moved to San Francisco in 1969, and I spent years thereafter engrossed with the wineries of the Napa Valley.  I tasted and bought many fine bottles of wine, some even quite expensive.  But my overall impression now is that thinking of fine wine as an "asset" is a Pretentious and Overwrought Idea.  The basic reality is that any bottle of wine is just fermented grape juice, and any monetary value placed on a bottle of wine beyond that is simply a product of a Pompous and Pretentious Imagination to some degree.  That there is even such a thing as "Wine fraud" is indicative of how Astronomical and Unreal the price of fine wine has become.  I must confess that I've never looked at my love for fine wine as a Portal to Snob Society.  I just drink wine for its simple pleasures, and that's good enough for me.
  3. @vlado2701 [2 likes]: ~~Who drinks , he does not know about the dangers of wine ; 
~~Who does not drink does not know about it benefit.
  4. @roxxycrystals [1 likes]: May all being be healthy, be well, be free!
  5. @tptp5118 [1 likes]: Treasures in Heaven Matthew 6 NIV

19 “Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. 20 But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. 21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

22 “The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy,[c] your whole body will be full of light. 23 But if your eyes are unhealthy,[d] your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!

24 “No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.

Do Not Worry

25 “Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life[e]?

28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.ll
  6. @hungsonpham6226 [1 likes]: Awesome, I’m reading a lot materials involved in this sector as well.
  7. @missourimongoose8858 [1 likes]: The reason this market is booming is due to the rich getting richer from the pandemic lol still cool to watch even tho I'm not a wine person
  8. @Ijdjdjdjndvvyu: The answer was no
  9. @JosephSmith-qq9oz: these Ukrainian politicians have stopped liking me. It is not enough for them that our country finds money for them at the expense of its own citizens. Talk of Putin blackmailing the world with hunger by withholding Ukrainian grain has begun. But there is simply no credible evidence that Ukrainian grain is being exported to Russia. But there is information that the Ukrainian military burned the grain that was supposed to be shipped to other countries from the port of Mariupol. So who is the blackmailer and terrorist?
  10. @WineJam: Interesting take I knew about the climate change and blockchain having a change on wine investment but glad to see blockchain is ranked so high of importance
  11. @the_sideshifter: Home sweet home! I apologize for the ugly handwriting on the barrels by the way :D :D
  12. @pattonpatton1386: The explanation is very good and I am looking forward to more works
  13. @PSModelling: Great video appreciate the quality content.
  14. @hacc: thanks for engsub
  15. @pikminlord343: Neat

- Wine and NFTs: Acker Wines Will Auction Bottles of Burgundy Paired with NFT Art: Kind: captions Language: en AND THE WINNING BIDS CAN BE PAID IN CRYPTO CURRENCY. WE HAVE THE STORY ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE. IT IS A SOUND UNLIKE ANY OTHER IN THE WORLD. SENDING THE TASTE BUDS ON THE SENSORY JOURNEY. THERE IS NOTHING QUITE LIKE IT. NOW TOSSING IN A ONE-OF-A-KIND NST. WE ALL SEE THAT, TO BE ABLE TO BRING THIS TOGETHER, LIKE THE BOTTLES OF WINE IN THE DIGITAL ENHANCEMENT. JOHN IS THE CHAIRMAN SITUATED ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE, BUT IT HAS REACHED HIS BILLBOARD IN JAPAN AND EUROPE AND SOUTH AMERICA. THEY ARE KNOWN FOR AUCTIONING THE RAREST WINES IN THE WORLD, BUT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN HISTORY THEY HAVE NON-REFUNDABLE TOKENS. IT IS SOMETHING THAT IS UNIQUE, HUNDREDS OF YEARS THEY WILL HAVE THIS CAPTURED WITH THE VINTAGE. CONSIDERED ONE OF THE BEST IN THE WORLD. THIS IS ONE OF THE TOP PRODUCERS MAKING WINE FOR CENTURIES AND THIS IS SEVEN OR 8000. THE NST LAST FOREVER. $7000 COULD BE A LITTLE BIT TOO RICH FOR YOUR BLOOD, BUT THERE IS ANOTHER WAY TO GET IN ON THE CRAZE. EVERY BOTTLE IN THE SHOP CAN BE PURCHASED WITH BIG CRYPTO CURRENCY. IS A CONFLUENCE OF ALL THESE THINGS COMING TOGETHER AND IT ALSO PUTS HIM AT THE FOREFRONT OF THE INDUSTRY. JUMPING ON THE GLOBAL TREND SWEEPING THROUGH THE MARKET. INVENTING NEW WAYS TO USHER IN THE FUTURE OF SALES AND INDUSTRY THOUSANDS OF YEARS OLD. TERESA PRIOLO FOR "FOX 5 NEWS".

  Top Comments:
  1. @coolbreeze13579 [1 likes]: Are they real? They just got caught selling fake whiskey
  2. @isaklevy743: How do they still have a liquor license after getting caught selling fake whiskey

- Is wine a good investment during the credit crunch ?: Kind: captions Language: en spe fore speee spe spee pric is uh have more importance this year than in previous years I would say because the financial markets are in enormous flux now and nobody knows what's coming next and previous years there was a general feeling that things were okay this year things are not okay so I think the auction will be watched closely to see what happens even in the early stages I think it's apparent that that prices are modestly down really up until two months ago we had a very big s in London of purely the uh 2000 vintage B which is a great vintage well-known vintage in terms of quality and as an investment and prices were very very strong um we were selling a shutle of feat for example for £99,000 a case which is incredibly High uh you know if you look at the initial on prur price um but since then there has been a little bit of a a a fall in prices as as one would expect I wouldn't invest in wine as an asset particularly if we Face the danger of deflation which means a falling price level and the reason is of course that wine doesn't pay any interest and has storage costs moreover the cost of selling wine once you assuming the price goes up is quite high so that if you fear uh thans you might as well buy gold and not wine foreign fore speeech for for for there

- 5 Great Value BURGUNDY Wines You MUST Try (While They Are Still Affordable): Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's look for Value in burgundy no no no hear me out before you all laugh at me I love burgundy and its wines some of my greatest wine experiences have been with the wine from burgundy which makes it even sadder that I cannot afford it it is just simply too expensive according to livex you can buy a case of burgundy Village Wine for the same price as a case of bordeaux's second growth which makes looking for Value in burgundy that much harder but I wanted to dig a bit deeper and take a look at Burgundy wines beyond the greatest names that we all love and adore so much and maybe find something that we regular people can afford therefore this might not be surprising to you that I will not be including any of the Grand Cru wines because price wise they are in a totally different League I will also be excluding Chablis though it is burgundy and still delivers great value especially if compared to the rest of the burgundy I would even want to say that it over delivers therefore Chablis deserves a video on its own but before we continue I want to mention that this video is sponsored by Venezia and more on them later [Music] yes burgundy is where Chardonnay and Pinot Noir shine they are the stars and any other technically allowed great Variety in this area will forever be viewed as inferior which is why we can rely on aligota Grape and burgundy to provide a certain value you can find it under the labels burgundy and buzaron this grape is famous for its high piercing acidity and by the way the original blending partner in the Kirk cocktail where its acidity was countered with the sweetness of creme de cassis but here's the thing with global climate change aligote has become more interesting for the winemakers it ripens fully creating a more appealing character flavor-wise while still retaining Lively acidity and more importantly there is better understanding of the alag attack clones now therefore some producers are focusing on alligatory which ripens fully more reliably it tends to produce lower yields than alligator vert and shows more pronounced fruit flavors because of its acidity this great variety certainly offers aging potential showing preserved lemon notes and slightly nutty flavors alligator used to be more widely planted in burgundy and what is interesting is that some producers have expressed their desire to see it aloud in some of the ground Crews with fisan we are in codior area more precisely in kodanui it shares some similarities with javersham bertan though the soils are more alluvial and yet it has always been regarded as the Lesser wine from the burgundy for me it offers Great Value not only at their Premier crew level but especially at Village level wines these wines offer bright fruit a fresh palette and a quite dense structure I don't find them rustic anymore as some books May describe in fact I have noticed that these wines are becoming better with almost every next vintage almost Alpha sound wines you will find in the market are red hence it's Pinot Noir but there are some fisson Blanc made as well today's sponsor is Venezia for Wine aficionados fine wine isn't just a drink it's an investment like Fine Art growing in value over time with Market fluctuations Savvy investors have turned to Wine as a resilient and asset and now Venezia offers an exclusive pre-sale of Premium collections sourced directly from winemakers ahead of its official launch in November Venezia promises transparency in wine investment experience through peace of mind verifying your collection and storage conditions anytime join Venezia today and enjoy zero percent service fees in your first year dive into a transparent wine investment where you will be able to see and Trace each bottle you own the link to the pre-sale collection is in the description below thank you Venezia and cheers to a transparent investment all right with santanae we have entered cut the bone area even though it is just neighboring chassan I have always preferred the red wines from Santana that is not to say that Santana whites are not offering quality and value they certainly are in fact many wines will offer a better price for the same quality when compared to the neighboring but it turns out that Santana actually shares similarities in soils with continuity as these soils have been washed down from the hills through erosion according to Jasper Morris master of wine something I used to be regarded more highly Than The Vineyards of Juan Romani including the LA Romani Conti Vineyard and indeed you will find more Pinot Noir here than Chardonnay in terms of plantings unfortunately I have noticed a significant increase in price for Santana wines but I still think it offers great value the red wines can be quite elegant bright red fruit driven with velvety tenons and Lively acidity it is an area where wines tend to show off more of their fruit rather than strength or cut the bone is another appellation that has been viewed as an underdog over the years the thing is these Vineyards are located higher up in the hillsides between 300 and 500 meters above sea level thus experiencing cooler climate in the past it meant that grapes could not always reach full maturity therefore this area was often associated with plain wines with limited concentration and body however now this is where you reach for freshness and crisp acidity which they deliver even in the hottest vintages with warm growing Seasons becoming more common this area is benefiting because reaching full maturity is not an issue anymore wines from ocot De bone will usually be at the same price as Regional burgundy but this gives you opportunity to explore wines from more prominent producers with Sam veran we are entering makone area located in the southern part of burgundy between Cote de chalones and Beaujolais and I honestly think that makone has so much more to offer than just and its Premier Cruz which have already skyrocketed in price interestingly some wine writers and critics note that few of the Sam Veron communes where and still actually are worthy of pre-fusa name indeed this appellation is actually separated into two parts Vineyards between them here similarly as in Pui fuse Chardonnay is the main gray variety and I truly believe that the best examples of Sam meron can challenge some of the pre-fusai wines and for sure offer better value before we move on I would like to offer one last tip I believe that the value in burgundy lies within wine makers and producers if you are not new to my channel you might already know some of the stories Trust your wine makers chances are great that they will transfer their values onto other lesser or lesser known taruas but the quality will be higher than that from a great Tarawa from a lesser estate trust me I have experienced that a great deal and if you want to learn how Wine's price correlates with its quality make sure to watch this video thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndreyRitenberger [4 likes]: I find Rully, Givry, Savigny Les Beaune, Pernand-Vergelesses, Aloxe-Corton and even Beaune (maybe except of some of the most famous and ambitious Premier Crus, which once might turn into Grand Cru)  quite affordable in comparison to the most prestigious appelations from Cote De Nuits...
  2. @HumbleGnome [3 likes]: I would also add Mercurey to your list as the reds offer a great quality/price/pleasure ratio. I would suggest producers such as Michel Juillot, Domaine MIA and Faiveley if you want something a little more high-end (aged Clos des Myglands is amazing)
Sometimes I wish I had a time machine so that I could go back 30 years to buy good Bourgogne grand cru / premier cru at a reasonable price (it doesn’t help that my favorites are Chambolle-Musigny and Volnay 😅)
  3. @numanuma20 [2 likes]: When I was in Champagne, I was shocked at the prices in France for Burgundy. I could get grand cru  Champagne for half of the price of grand cru Burgundy.
  4. @chemepharmd76 [2 likes]: Great wine info and great 80's metal shirts! 🤘🏻
  5. @jemc6 [2 likes]: Burgundy is the best ❤
  6. @Blair338RUM [1 likes]: For reds I  always go straight to Givry and for whites either Rully or St Romain.
  7. @kimdezelon7166 [1 likes]: Stick with village level, no need for Premiere Cru or Grand Cru.  3:54
  8. @HumbleGnome [1 likes]: I remember having a great Saint-Romain rouge VV 2019 by Vincent Girardin. It was the first wine from Burgundy that I really loved. It was also the experience that got me into wine and made me want to learn and taste more. Unfortunately, it wasn’t really a wine for cellaring so the bottles I have left are only a shadow of that first bottle.
  9. @benpascall4297 [1 likes]: Another shout for Santenay. Had some great wines from this village. Like another commenter, I'd also recommend Mercurey as a less expensive quality option. Marsannay is also another good option, with Sylvian Pataille and Rene Bouvier being two producers who have an excellent quality to price ratio.
  10. @LiveLifeLasting [1 likes]: The world needs more burgundy wine videos! Thanks for your video! Been there three times since last year only as I am fortunate enough to only drive 4.5h from Frankfurt Germany. Agree with your choices. Regarding white I actually prefer chablis over cote de beaune, lucky me. For reds I tend to look at Mercurey but especially for reds there are so many more producers and areas to explore that I haven’t yet 😅
  11. @seminky5341 [1 likes]: I hv only trie white burgundy. I think it full body white. Amazing
  12. @megatrendy1 [1 likes]: Thanks for that nice video! Well one could add also Savigny-les-Beaune and Montagny (white, even as Premier Cru, can be delicious). Rosé de Marsannay can also be nice.
  13. @ricardomiro2517 [1 likes]: For many blue collar Pinot Noir and Chardonnay lovers, including myself, the higher the prices go in Burgundy, the more Sonoma wines are going to be open and rightfully enjoyed.  Plenty of affordable and delicious Chardonnays and Pinot Noirs, without worrying too much about the vintages.  
As you said, trust the producer, in Burgundy and elsewhere, and you will have a greater chance of getting a good deal.
Anybody with money can buy great wines, all the time, the rest of us, have to go...value hunting 🎯
Thank you again for your great service, salud !
  14. @andrewkarl5174 [1 likes]: Santenay whites, the most underrated wines!
  15. @AShiga [1 likes]: I once had a glorious bottle of Hautes Cote de Nuits from Domaine de la Douaix... But I only had this one bottle and never got my hands on another bottle ever again. I also love any reds and whites from Cote Chalonnaise. But my go to region to match the top level Cote de Nuits and Cote de Beaunes is - and  this is really awkward - Dão in Portugal.
  16. @goldfish818 [1 likes]: St. Veran has some beautiful affordable wines... great pick!
  17. @schmup53 [1 likes]: I have two bottles of Santenay that I am saving for the holidays.
  18. @peterburlin8198 [1 likes]: Gawd I also love Burgundy, reds and whites alike, but it feels like prices have doubled just the past 2-3 years. How I wish id stocked up better a few years back, but yeah my storage space aint great and it seemed expensive then too. For reds Id add Maranges, Givry and Monthélie to your list by the way.
  19. @perry3556: Buying good Bourgogne wines for reasonable prices is an art & it will cost you A LOT of time, money & mistakes until you learn how to. Thinking that you just buy reasonably priced Grand Crus will be a guarantee that you you have a good wine is a complete lie. I´ve been extremely disappointed, the secret is to find the smaller producers who´re trying hard to bulid their brand, they often surprised me with both quality & prices. Lately I´ve discovered Dominique Laurent and wow his wines are amazing from Village and up, also quite affordable!
  20. @MikeReeves-d5j: Fantastic work and thanks for your insight 👍
Today I was able to navigate the complex Burgundy 2022 EP release and pick a couple of nice wines at affordable prices.

Moulin a Vent also offers great value.

Cheers

- Burgundy 101: An Overview with The Wine CEO: Kind: captions Language: en while burgundy or borgonia as it's called in French is one of the most well-known regions in France with over 71 000 Acres it's actually only a quarter of the size of Bordeaux there may be a lot about burgundy that you don't know and today on the YMCA podcast show I'm really excited to dive in and give you a burgundy 101 with everything you need to know about this unique wine region hi friends my name is Sarah and I'm a certified sommelier and host of the wine CEO podcast show and over the last few weeks I've been traveling through France so if you've been watching my show then you know that I've been interviewing winemakers and traveling through some of the top wine regions in France we took a quick break from this series last week while I was visiting London and I interviewed the winemaker of the Year from Wine Enthusiast but this week we are back in France and talking about burgundy so let's dive into the show I'm so excited to share a little bit of Burgundy wine 101 with you today [Music] thank you okay so burgundy is a really unique region and a lot of people find burgundy to be extremely intimidating and I think it can feel a little overwhelming because there's a lot to burgundy it's kind of a complicated region and so what I'm hoping is that today I can give you a really high level approachable view at Burgundy so if you're not that familiar with burgundy or if you need a refresher of the basics this is going to be a really great episode to dive into so grab your favorite glass of burgundy and let's start talking about the basics of the burgundy region okay so high level burgundy can be broken into six main regions if we start at the top we have Chablis then we have the Cote or which is made up of kotanui and coat to Bone then we have the coach chalenet macconne and Beaujolais now Beaujolais in the south is a very unique region and it's often placed into its own category because a lot about Beaujolais is different the grape varieties grown in this region are different from the rest of burgundy even the way that wine making is done and labeling is made it's all completely unique in Beaujolais so if you want to learn a little bit more about Beaujolais you can listen to one of my recent episodes I'll link it here my episode with eduard parane from Chateau Mulan Avant we started talking briefly about the Beaujolais region I'll do another kind of Beaujolais 101 episode like what I'm doing with burgundy today so that you can dive in and learn a little more about that region in the future but the interview with eduard was a great place to start and hope it'll help you learn a little bit more about Beaujolais but for the purposes of most wine studies a lot of folks will actually separate Beaujolais into its own area to study because it's so different from the rest of burgundy all right so let's start with the high level overview of some quick facts of burgundy so first and foremost the two main grape varieties that are grown here are Pinot Noir and Chardonnay there are over 80 aocs or controlled regions of origin within burgundy so I mentioned a moment ago that folks find it a little intimidating part of that is because there are so many sub-regions within burgundy to know about burgundy has a cooler climate it's a very northern region within France it's actually one of the most northern regions in the world where red grapes are grown and so because of that the cooler climate creates a unique growing atmosphere for Chardonnay and Pinot Noir but especially Pinot Noir because Pinot Noir needs a little more sunlight to be able to ripen in burgundy most years and because it's pretty cool sometimes that can create years where the grapes are not as ripe as the winemakers would prefer so it means there's definitely a lot of vintage variation or difference from year to year when it comes to burgundy wines now with climate change we are seeing warmer temperatures which are making it a little bit easier for winemakers in burgundy to get their Pinot Noir grapes nice and mature but what you're going to find is that as a whole that means that burgundy can develop some really unique characteristics so the Pinot noirs are really delicate and they have some really incredible flavors that as you enjoy more and more burgundies you can start to understand the real differences between Pinot noirs grown from different regions around burgundy as well as again that vintage variation from year to year the soil in burgundy is clay and Limestone and so these particular types of soil give really unique characteristics as well to both the Pinot Noir and Chardonnay grapes that are grown here in addition to the complication of having many appellations within burgundy to know about the other thing that's unique about burgundy is how the land has been divided over years so the land ownership has a really unique story and we're going to dive into that in just a minute here as well okay so while wine was grown in the region of burgundy by the Romans in the first century it really wasn't until the 8th century when the Benedictine and cysterian monks really made an impact on the wine industry in burgundy so the monks had a habit of studying the land they were very Faith driven but they were also very much about caring for the land that they had and they made it a point to study all of the land around burgundy they studied the sun exposure the irrigation the soil types and and they were some of the only people that were literate at this time in the 8th century and they actually were documenting every fact about the different regions within burgundy and they started planting grapes in all of these different areas and then studying how the grapes tasted how the wines tasted and they really started what we would talk about in modern wine making as this terroir focused wine so having a terroir driven wine basically means that the winemaker is focused on making sure that the expression of place the expression of the region where the wine comes from is shown through the wine so when we talk about terroir this is a French term that really doesn't have an English translation but it's used often to describe everything that makes a place unique so again the soil type the sun exposure the weather pattern the uniqueness of the pests and the fauna and Flora that are in an area so truly everything that makes a place uniquely that place compared to anywhere else in the world is part of what makes its terroir so unique and what the monks were doing was helping understand how within a specific region so just within burgundy how the unique terroir from one plot or one Vineyard to the next was also so unique based on the characteristics of that specific plot so they really were the first ones to start this concept of terroir driven wines so really foundational at the beginning of the history of wine so the monks had centuries of this historical data of keeping track of all of The Vineyards and the regions within burgundy and they really did an amazing job to delineate the top quality regions within burgundy and they mapped out which plots of land were producing the best grapes to make the best wine the church remained in control of this region for the most part until the French Revolution okay so let's fast forward a little bit to 1789 we're in the French Revolution and the Revolutionary government obviously is a little against the church at this point in time and so they actually take all of the land away from the monks and the church and they end up redistributing it to the land owners the farmers that have been operating the land for the church for the last few years so these land owners are now privately owning and operating these Vineyard plots and in 1804 Napoleon Bonaparte is looking to break down the feudal system and so he creates something called the Napoleonic Code and basically it's a law that's passed to break down the hierarchy of how land is passed down from one generation to the next instead of the land going from the parent or the father down to the eldest child it's broken down equally among all of the inheritance so if this father had five children it is split evenly five ways so this becomes really interesting for the region of burgundy because suddenly you have these large Vineyard plots that used to be owned by the church they were then transferred to these individual landowners and then only about five years later they start being divided from generation to generation between many different owners and so over multiple Generations some of these larger plots were divided up into what today is sometimes only one or two rows of vines and that makes up an entire Vineyard plot so this makes burgundy so different from the rest of France and even the world for that matter because you can have some wine makers that can truly only make one case or two cases from the vines that they have because that's all that has been in their family history for years this differs greatly from Bordeaux for example where wineries were pretty much always commercial and so when the French Revolution occurred and then later the Napoleonic Code the wineries stayed intact within the one business that owned them they weren't divided over and over again so it's a really unique thing about burgundy this also makes things really interesting when you go to visit burgundy I had the great opportunity just a few weeks ago to visit burgundy stayed in bone and it was absolutely beautiful add it to your bucket list if you've never traveled to burgundy it's phenomenal but it's really interesting because when you when you visit you might go to a winery and maybe you're going to visit their tasting Cellar which could be near one of their Vineyard plots but when you ask them if you can tour their their Vineyards it's not quite as easy you can't visit all of their Vineyards because often for many of these wineries they own plots that are speckled all over burgundy so they may have some plots that are in the Cote or they may have some plots that are in in maconee and so they're kind of all over the place and even within one region So within bone you might have Vineyard plots that are all over various aocs within the region and so it's so interesting because the winemaker will tell you that it would take forever to be able to visit all of their different plots because they're so spread out what this means is it's really interesting for the wine makers there you might have a wine maker that you visit and they're going to have 16 different Pinot noirs for example for you to sample and that might feel excessive in some regions but not in burgundy because in burgundy each of those Pinot noirs might be from a specific Vineyard plot and so it's going to have really unique characteristics and it's going to taste very different this is something that's so fun about burgundy compared to a lot of other regions because they're so proud of the uniqueness of the terroir of the region that plot that Vineyard where that wine comes from and so they're okay having 10 15 different Pinot noirs all from the same year and the cool thing is that even though it's all from the same region of burgundy made by the same winemaker you truly can see differences between two different wines from two different Vineyard plots because of the unique terroir in that region so definitely something really fun and really unique to the region of burgundy okay so let's talk about burgundy classifications because I think this is something that can often be a little overwhelming when you're first starting to learn about burgundy but if we break it down into four main categories it's actually really easy to digest okay so for first up we have Regional burgundy or borgonia and so this is going to be your kind of lowest tier quality of wine from burgundy where it's specific to the region so all of the grapes have to come from Vineyards within the region of burgundy but they don't have to be designated to specific plots or Villages within burgundy so what you'll find is that a bottle might be labeled as borgonia Rouge red burgundy or bergonia Blanc white burgundy and the grapes can come from anywhere within burgundy and they can be Blended so what you're going to find is that some wine makers will say that it's a very generic blend within burgundy and it's true that you're not going to have the truest expression of terroir from one Vineyard plot to the next in the way that the monks were so excited about setting up burgundy but you'll still find that the wines from these regions taste very typical to burgundy they're very Burgundian in style is the way that wine makers would talk about them and that's because the grapes are coming from burgundy so the Pinot Noir from burgundy is still going to taste very different from a peanut Noir from New Zealand or from California or Oregon but they're not going to be specific within burgundy differentiating from specific Vineyard plots or Villages within the burgundy region they're going to be a bit more generic but they're going to be typical to burgundy so on a wine label again you might just see bergonia Rouge or Pinot Noir begonia Pinot Noir burgundy listed on the label and that lets you know that the grapes are from burgundy they're not necessarily from a specific region or AOC within burgundy it's probably a blend of multiple aocs or regions okay so then the next step up would be Village there's 44 unique Village or Villages across burgundy some of the examples might be pomard bone gabri chamberton these are going to be Villages around the region of burgundy within each of those larger regions that I spoke about Etc and they are going to be designated Villages and so if a wine label says the name of a village Village for example pamard as I mentioned a moment ago then all of the grapes have to to be from that Village from that specific Village region this is a step up because there's going to be unique characteristics in the terroir in the soil in the characteristics of that specific Village that differentiate it from another village within burgundy and so the label for that bottle will actually call out the name of the village so that you know as the consumer that all the grapes came from that Village and so this is considered a step up from that Regional burgundy where the grapes could be from different Villages different regions all over burgundy because again it's speaking to place this goes back to what the monks were so excited about this specific terroir driven wine making and it goes back to that pride of saying that this comes from one specific Village so you should be able to taste unique characteristics that can help compare this Village to a different one so again when you're looking for a wine from burgundy if you see the name of a village you know that that's a little bit of a step up from Regional burgundy and it's going to have specific characteristics that are unique to that Village okay so with these next two steps of category we start talking really about terroir specific wines so in 1861 all of The Vineyards within burgundy were given a classification of quality and this was based on the research that the monks had done truly in the 8th century and after and what the um governing body did at the time is they divided all of The Vineyards based on category and there were 640 Vineyards that were named as Premier crew Premier crew is this third category this third step up of wine in burgundy and about 10 percent of Burgundian wines are Premier crew but Premier crew means is that the wine is coming from one specific Vineyard plot so not just from a village but from one specific Vineyard and it's a Vineyard that has been given a high designation of quality so you know that from this specific wine you're going to have really high quality grapes you're having a really high quality of terroir it's a a example of a beautiful Vineyard from that specific region and so this specific Vineyard was categorized as high quality so what exactly does that mean so as the monks were looking at for example a slope of a hill within burgundy they would look at how along the bottom of the hill you're getting a lot of excess water that's been running down from the hill and so they would consider those grapes to be lesser quality then at the top of the hill you have grapes that are really exposed to sunlight and not getting as much irrigation or water because they're at the top of the hill so those are also not considered as high quality but then you have this Middle Belt that's getting kind of the perfect amount of shade and Sun the perfect amount of irrigation and runoff and so those were considered like the wines of the Pope was what they called it at the time so the best wines were in that Middle Belt and so basically Vineyards across burgundy have been given these categories based on the high quality of where the grapevines are located and then the wines made from those grapevines are given that same high quality so it's not necessarily that any designation is being given to these wines because of the name of the wine maker or the experience of the winemaker it all comes down to the terroir and if the terroir was designated as high quality or not so really interesting what this means is that you could try a premier crew that while it has been made from really high quality grapes maybe you don't like the style of that wine maker and that's okay so some people might say that you could have a premier crew wine that's better than another Premier crew wine because the winemaking style could come into play there even though they both have high quality grapes now most wine makers are probably going to tell you that the only way you can make great wine is with great grapes but I think it's worth saying that within burgundy with 640 different Premier Crews represented across the region you're definitely going to find some that are amazing and some that maybe you don't care for as much because of the winemaker influence but at the end of the day you know that the wine was made from high quality grapes that have been designated as some of the best within burgundy okay but let's go to that final step and talk about the best within burgundy so we talked about Premiere Crew but now let's talk about Grand Cruise so when that doesn't station was made in 1861 where all of these different Vineyard plots were separated and given a designation of quality there were 33 regions across burgundy that were given the qualification of Grand Cru now Grand Cru only makes up one percent of burgundy wines and these are the creme de La Creme the best wines that you're going to taste from burgundy now Grand Cru only makes up one percent of the wine from burgundy so these are the creme de La Creme the top level these are the best wines you're going to taste from burgundy they are considered to be the highest quality grapes with the best expression of the truest terroir and the best terroir within the region so it's considered that these are the best quality grapes that you're going to find in burgundy and therefore should be the best wines and let me tell you that many of these wines can be some of the most expensive wines found in France as well as around the world so when we were talking about Premier Crew wines you will definitely find that the winemaker will List premier crew on the label and often they'll also list the specific Vineyard plots so the name of where the grapes are from and some and sometimes they'll even include the name of the village or the region where the wine is from as well but when it comes to Grand Cru the winemakers know that the vineyard plot speaks for itself because they're a grand crew they can simply use the name of the vineyard and most folks will be very aware that this is some of the best wine from burgundy now they will use the classification Grand Cru because clearly there's an incredible history that comes with that title but it is a unique ability to be able to call your wine Grand Cru and the winemakers know that the name speaks for itself so in this instance the winemaker is not going to bother with including the name of the village or even borgonia on the label they can just say Grand Cru and the vineyard that this wine is made from because again it speaks for itself some of the top names that you might be familiar with are latashe Romany Conti Claude vujo again there's 33 examples across burgundy but these are going to be the best wines that you can find from burgundy okay so I just mentioned cloda vujo and as we talked about earlier with the Napoleonic Code of 1804 many Vineyard plots were divided between many descendants for years so with some of these Grand Crews you may be sitting here thinking wow it's so great that that Vineyard owner was lucky enough to own a plot That Was Then designated as the highest quality of Grand Cru but actually it's never one Vineyard owner I mean these are large Vineyard plots that are divided between many many owners so cloda vujo for example is the most famous example of this in burgundy and while it's only 125 acres in size it has over 80 different owners so again many of these Vineyard plots are very small and again that's why you could have two wines that are from clauda vujo from two different wine makers very close together in plots but they could taste very different so it's always good when you're talking about burgundy to understand the specificity of the region that the wine is coming from but also the unique reputation of the wine maker that you're buying the wine from as well it's also interesting to note that even Within These Vineyard plots they're could be different representations of terroir the monks were famous for putting rock walls or even just small stepping paths between various regions where within one Vineyard plot they felt like there was really unique terroir represented so that can also make different wines from the same Grand Cru region or Premier crew region taste slightly different okay so we could get really detailed here with burgundy and dive down some rabbit holes and talk even more about the unique splitting of land and a lot of other characteristics but I promised you would keep it really high level for today so let's dive into a few more quick facts that you really want to know about burgundy I mentioned a moment ago that the two main grapes are Chardonnay and Pinot Noir but there are actually some other grapes that are grown in this region as well the two other main white grapes that are known are alligate and sauvignon blanc while they're both minor grapes you will find them throughout the region and in fact there are some regions within burgundy that exclusively are known for 100 oligote Wines when it comes to Reds Pinot Noir is King but when I visited a few weeks ago I actually learned of a few wine makers that are starting to grow Syrah which if you're familiar with the Rhone Valley that's the main grape variety that's grown in the northern Rhone but burgundy in the northern Rhone are actually not that far apart from one another and with climate change the burgundy winemakers are starting to realize that they may need to start growing some other grape varieties because hey if it's hot enough in burgundy you could help ripen Syrah so at the moment any Syrah that's coming from burgundy is just being sold as a VIN to pay or a French table wine but they're experimenting with it a little bit and I think it'll be interesting to see how that evolves over the coming years right so let's break down each of the regions within burgundy and I'll give you the quick high-level facts that you want to know about each one so first up is Chablis and this is the region in the most northern part of burgundy it's actually not that far from Paris it's only about two hours and it's actually closer to the southern point of Champaign than it is to the rest of burgundy so the code to or which is the closer region is actually farther from than champagne is but Chablis is a part of burgundy and it's known for 100 Chardonnay wines but the interesting thing is that in this region there's really high mineral impact for the wines so the terroir the soil there has really high minerality and it gives the wines a really like Steely crisp and mineral forward kind of characteristic because of this the winemakers choose not to use any new Oak exposure unlike some other regions within burgundy that want to create a little bit of a warmer Fuller Chardonnay feel instead the winemakers in Chablis are using either old oak or stainless steel to ferment and age the wines and so you're going to get really crisp and refreshing chardonnays from Chablis when I meet someone who's a bit of a Chardonnay hater and they don't care for the Fuller body maybe more buttery kind of characteristics in a Chardonnay I typically introduce them to Chablis and they love it because it's a really crisp and refreshing style of Chardonnay okay so next up is the code to ore and this is actually two regions combined we have the kotanui and then the code to Bone coated Nui is almost exclusively known for Pinot Noir whereas kotobone has both Pinot Noir and amazing Chardonnay if you're someone who loves new world Pinot Noir you might be surprised by the burgundy Pinot noirs that are coming from this region because they can be really earthy and spicy and have some really incredible characteristics they're very full bodied and a lot of the fruit is more kind of dry fruit characteristic and so if you're not someone who cares for a lot of those new world fresh fruit Pinot noirs I highly recommend checking out a kotanui Pinot Noir I think you would really enjoy them and find them really spicy and different I'm typically someone who enjoys a more bold red but I can tell you I have absolutely fallen in love with burgundy Pinot noirs all over again after traveling there and if you check some out from the kotanui and the coat to Bone you will not be disappointed most of the grand crews are found within the code to ore so you know that you're getting some really high quality wines coming from this region specifically okay so up next we have the coach chalenet and the makonnet so coach chalenay is known for both Pinot Noir and Chardonnay so they make both red and white wines here there are some premiere cruise but no ground Crews that are located in this region coachellae is the one that I mentioned a moment ago that is actually known for allegotte so there are some regions within the coachellae that make 100 aligote Wines then we have the macane so Machinery is known exclusively for white wine only making Chardonnay and if you've ever heard of Pui fousey that's a sub-region within the macane known for making incredible Chardonnay and this region you can actually find some really inexpensive but high quality Chardonnay so makonnet is a great one to check out if you love Chardonnay that has a little bit of Oak exposure really full body you can find some great deals from the makone region again no Grand Cruise located here but there are many Premier Crews and then last but not least is Beaujolais and this region is growing exclusively the gemme grape it's a red grape and again if you haven't checked out my recent episode with eduard parane from Chateau Mulan Avant definitely check it out we talk about Beaujolais it's a beautiful region a lot of folks are only familiar with Beaujolais Nouveau but let me tell you there's so much else going on in Beaujolais it's an incredible region but it's so unique and so different from the rest of burgundy and so I think it's worth talking about it separately and enjoying with a very different frame of mind and then the last thing that I wanted to mention in this quick overview of burgundy is the concept of vintages I hear people talk all the time about how because burgundy wines are so expensive you can get these amazing pinot noirs and you should age them for 15 to 20 years before you enjoy them and this is not always true so I'd like to dispel this rumor when I'm talking about burgundy I got into an awesome conversation with a winemaker when I was in Burgundy a few weeks ago and we were talking about the concept of how there's such vintage variation from one year to the next in burgundy I talked earlier about how the cool climate in burgundy can make it challenging for Pinot Noir grapes to ripen in some years you can also have a late rainfall that can make the grapes have very different characteristics than if you had a bit of a drought throughout the end of the harvest season and so year to year the pinot noirs and chardonnays for that matter can look so different from burgundy so it's really important when you are looking at burgundy and wines to age them to make sure that you do your research that you talk to someone from the winery that you really do your research in maybe talking to a sommelier or someone that can help you best understand if that particular wine is structured in a way that it should be enjoyed in maybe five to seven years and you should enjoy it a little bit younger or if it is in fact a wine that has the structure where it can last 15 20 40 or even 50 years so it's always good to know because some of the wines from burgundy are not necessarily going to taste well in 20 to 50 years they're going to completely fall apart and they just don't have the structure to last so I'd like to mention that because I think there's a little bit of a misconception around there so I got a bit technical there but hopefully if you're someone who is trying to learn more about burgundy because you want to age wines from burgundy or you just love burgundy and maybe you want to start building a seller of wines or burgundy it's a fun little fact for you to keep in mind now that was a really quick overview I hope you enjoyed my burgundy 101 I did not go too deep into all the details and there's so much more of an opportunity for me to go into a whole episode on each individual region or even sub-region AOC for that matter but for today I think that was plenty there's a lot more Burgundy wine content coming your way we are going to talk about hotel do which is the oldest Hospital in France and Wyatt has a winery to this day we're going to talk to one of the oldest wine making families in burgundy that has a really unique history from World War II so there's a lot more coming your way in the coming weeks as I'm traveling through France and meeting with winemakers and sharing stories from this incredible country if you haven't subscribed to my channel be sure to do that now so that you don't miss any of the upcoming episodes and if you loved today's episode drop me a comment below let me know what you learned and don't forget to like and share this episode with all of your friends as well so that more folks can get fun and approachable wine content until next week friends I hope you drink something new and delicious maybe check out a burgundy Chardonnay or Pinot Noir and I will catch you all in the next episode of The Wine CEO podcast foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @sunnydiego619: Fill up the glass
  2. @jeremypruitt237: Thanks so much! Love your show 😊
  3. @MizShell79: You explain everything so well and in a non-pretentious way. Thank you for a wonderful explanation of this region!
  4. @michelleroth7362: Enjoyed this Burgandy 101 Overview.  You need to start tour groups to all these fabulous places you've had experience visiting!  sign me up....
  5. @Pol97647: What happened with sound?

- FULL MOVIE | Khuret | Short Film: Kind: captions Language: en Oh. Hey. Foreign Hello. Hi. Hi. You buy the phone. Huh? And there. [screaming] And there. Oh. What? Mom. [snorts] Okay. Yeah. [music] Fore! Foreign! Foreign! [music] >> [music] >> Hello. Oh. Oh. Oh. foreign. Yeah. [music] Oh, hey. Hey. Hey. Just number three. India. Oh, come on. >> [snorts] Don't talk. Don't wor. I don't know. Oh wow. Oh wow. Wow. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, that ma ma. Oh. All right. I music Heychcheech. foreign. Yes. >> See number 17. All right. [music] Hello. Hello. Honey, you I can't. I know this young way. Young >> Oh, >> hi. Hi. Come on. Awesome. Wow. speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! I'm Indonesia. Last year, five 10 month. So I see something. >> [clears throat] >> Hi. Hi. Hi. Bye. Heat. >> I'm a pleasure. All right. foreign. Oh yeah. They are heat. I'm your boy. >> Oh, I should I don't know why. How? forchech. Foreign! Foreign! Forecham.chech. >> Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ricky-x2g [2 likes]: Very much relatable .
Waiting for d next episode 😊😊😊😊
  2. @amenaier2543 [2 likes]: Khuret  means 'burden'
  3. @ConfusedBiscuits-xz3cr [2 likes]: Wao kangaasa tajungani...
Part 2 atoktsu yongya atati.
  4. @ayangayim4444 [1 likes]: Baba toh😂
  5. @KatilaKichu-w3g [1 likes]: 😢😢
  6. @amongquinker6079 [1 likes]: Please ep 2
  7. @BendangJamir-p3f: Chaka dou Mangkolemba neshi na ???
  8. @Pongenajung: Part 2... Please
  9. @imchenjamir4194: Arojao ❤❤
  10. @Takor-g6r: Kanga sa junger aaa nuu 👍
  11. @Spicy6886: Odimenla never thought you have reached this far 😂
  12. @luckyinpain: 😢
  13. @TemsuLongkumer-y9o: Her acting is so good 👍
  14. @TemsuLongkumer-y9o: Arujaoo...
  15. @luinimchen8178: Mangkolemba
  16. @yepthominaga: Ayaaa.... Can't wait hoo yong movie upload kuribina ayaaaaaaaaaa.... Chooooooooo joldiiiiii korivi please❤
  17. @ayangayim4444: Kanga tajunga
  18. @tutukichu03: Kanga junger, video camera shot tera ajungnungbo kanga jungtisu.
  19. @AkumYim-j8j: Excellent.waiting for more
  20. @ZhosutoResu-l8e7e: Khuret means ki ase....😊

- Boundaries, Babies, You & Your Mother in Law: Kind: captions Language: en Motherhood is all-consuming. Having babies, nursing, feeling the fear of loving someone that much and there's this baby on your chest and boom, your entire life has changed. It's a privilege of being your child's safest space and watching your heart walk around outside of your body. The truth is, I can be having the best time being a mom one minute and then the next I'm questioning all my life choices. I'm Lo Mansfield, your host of the Low and Behold podcast. Mama of four littles, former labor and postpartum RN, CLC, and your new best friend in the messy middle space of all the choices you are making in pregnancy, birth, and motherhood. If there is one thing I know after years of delivering babies at the bedside and then having and now raising those four of my own, it is that there is no such thing as a best way to do any of this. And we're leaning into that truth here with the mix of real life and what the textbook says, expert insights and practical applications. Each week, we're making our way towards stories that we participate in, stories that we are honest about, and stories that are ours. This is the Lo and Behold podcast. I am so excited to put this guest in front of you in this episode. Dr. Tracy is a clinical psychologist, a couple's therapist, and a sought-after and I would say beloved on Instagram where I've gotten to communicate with her and get to know her relationship expert as well. She is the creator of Beconnected Digital, where she teaches people all over the world how to have healthier relationships. Her work has been featured in the New York Times, in Forbes, and in Time. Her research has appeared in peer-reviewed academic journals. Dr. Tracy has a book coming out, and that is what our conversation focuses around. It is called You, Your Husband, and His Mother, and it's going to be released very soon, this fall, 2025. She's also the author of the book, I didn't sign up for this. We got to talk back in that season of releasing that book as well. I loved that book. So, I encourage you to check that one out, too. She's the host of a top 100 parenting podcast. It's called Dear Dr. Tracy. We also have an episode back in her archives together where I got to be the guest with her on her show. She's the owner of a mental health clinic called Integrated Wellness and then she lives in Ottawa with her husband and her two children. This conversation is just it's a good one. So many of us, the vast majority of us are going to run into the dynamic of mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, and as we talk about in this conversation, maybe as you already know in your real life, this dynamic invites challenges for a lot of people. And I don't think those challenges are inherently bad or we should be worried about them or or dooming ourselves to what is or isn't going to happen. But I do think it's really nice to know this is something that is pretty universally gone through for daughter-in-laws and mother-in-laws and that there are ways to navigate this and have really healthy good relationships with our mother-in-laws. So, I hope you guys enjoy everything that she has to share with us today. Dr. Tracy, thank you so much for being here with me today. I am very excited about the topic that we're going to get into. Why don't you go ahead and introduce yourself a little bit more to everyone and then we can just get chatting. >> Yeah, absolutely. And let me pause by expressing my gratitude to get to sit with you again. You were on my podcast several years ago and then now to reverse the mics. It just feels really fun. So I'm a psychologist and couples therapist. I always start by saying that's my work life, but I'm also a mom to two kids and I own my business with my husband. So, if I know what it means to balance the full load and to have boundaries and then to really have to work on communication with your husband, being in business together is definitely part of that journey. But one of the reasons I'm doing this work is because I remember in my own early days of postpartum and really feeling like we weren't talking about the real struggles in our relationships, the everyday moments, the moments where we say, "I didn't sign up for this." or the moments where we feel so resentful towards our partner or towards an extended family member. And it was then that I started to create on social media to create workshops for people and just really to make the skills and tools I teach the couples and individuals in my therapy room more accessible to people all over the world. Yeah. I feel like therapists like yourself are so valuable to us. And I'm talking about this current generation, including myself, our younger our youngers as well. But because I feel like our generation, my generation is in this place now where we're like, well, we have so much we need to talk about. Our parents weren't talking about it. And so I think a lot of us were or maybe still are looking around going, okay, where are the resources to talk now? because I've re I'm realizing we need to be doing a better job at navigating our relationships, talking about the hard things, all of that stuff. And so to me, I'm like, "Oh, you're in such an ideal position to come up this last decade or so." I'm not sure like specifically when you would say you started your more like social platform work as well because I feel like the environment is just ripe for people like you to come in and help people like me navigate all of this stuff. And and it's interesting, my children are 10 and eight. So in 2015, I or 2014 when I was pregnant, I joined a Facebook group >> of moms who were all due at the same time. And there wasn't this really loud space on social media of education of who's bottlefeeding, who's breastfeeding, when do you do solids, how do you do it? And and I've seen as the years have gone by just the rise in anxiety even inside of us this constant questioning of are we doing it right? But then there's another mix in this that's kind of where I come in as a psychologist and couples therapist which is how our language and understanding of relationships have changed. And so more people will start saying things like I set a boundary and this person didn't respect it. And a lot of my work is about teaching people what is actually a boundary or they'll use things like so and so is manipulating me. Okay, let's break that down and really look at what that word means and what's happening because our language shapes our experience. And if we're not careful, we can then get caught up in it. I immediately think of this couple that I sat with once many years ago and she said in session, "See Dr. Tracy, he's gaslighting me right in the middle of session. And it just was like dropping a grenade into session of like, oh, this just exploded. And it was on one hand acknowledging the cycle and the pattern this couple was getting stuck in and then also peeling it back and saying, "Okay, wait. We need to look at what this word actually means and how this word is being misused and how here from an outside perspective is what I see happening between you two." And that's tricky. >> Yeah. And I do think the back to that idea of social media too, it's been valuable. We can find people. We can find resources, but it also is putting a lot in our heads that maybe we're then misinformed about or need to dig deeper on. Like I know I too am like, oh, so and so's gaslighting or I'm gas. And it's like we throw these terms around now that have become really prolific, if you will, or spicy sometimes, too, cuz they have this kind of >> duality to them or what they can mean. And then we're I think sometimes using them using language like you said without kind of fully understanding what that language means or what the implications are for the relationship we're talking about or or whatever it is that we're using that vocabulary inside of. So, one thing I think that is valuable with all of this as well is the part this is actually I better say this is this I feel like is a good segue but I don't want it to be a negative segue into this mother-in-law relationship which is what your new book coming out very soon is about and I think this whole idea of communication and expectation and interpretation is a very large part of the mother-in-law relationship so why don't you just kind of briefly tell us a little bit about this book that you're releasing so soon, kind of the why it's needed type thing, and then I want to just get into the mother-in-law relationship a little bit more. >> Yeah, absolutely. So, my book is titled You, Your Husband, and his mother, >> right? >> And one of the whenever I share the topic, people or the the title of the book, people go, "Oh, yes, this is such a good one." And the reason this book is coming out and and many people have asked, well, can I use this if it's my mom or if it's a sister-in-law or father-in-law? And the answer is yes. So, I've designed a fivestep method. It's my vault method. And I've been using this with couples and individuals in my therapy room for years. And all of these steps are made to help you create the relationship that you want with extended family members while building this safe, secure, and protected marriage and partnership. Because what so often ends up happening is we don't know who communicates, how to communicate, how to express these things to extended family members so that our marriage is protected so that we feel like a solid team, that we feel like we're on the same page, and also two so that we're protecting our chosen family and the children that we're having over the feelings of extended family members. And so I I've received the comment a few times. Why why did you not write this in other dynamics? And the reason for this is because one of the most common places of conflict that shows up is between the mother-in-law and the daughter-in-law. >> It's a much higher percentage compared to say the son-in-law and his mother-in-law. >> And the tensions that I talk about in the book. So why do we have this conflict? And not everybody, and I want to emphasize this low, not everybody has conflict. And if you are in a good place with your mother-in-law, this is still a book for you because we know that when you have more resources and tools, you're going to keep that relationship solid and strong. But here's what tends to happen is that there's this unspoken tension that shows up between a mother-in-law and a daughter-in-law. The reality is today as women, as mothers, we are doing things differently than previous generations. We're parenting differently. We're navigating the mental load differently. We're we're doing work life, whatever this looks like, differently. We're in our relationships in such a different way. And this then creates tension because a mother-in-law will then think, well, did I do it wrong? Was my way wrong? or they come in with good intentions and they offer advice, which might come from a good intention place. They offer advice, they tell you how you should do things, or they say dismissive comments like, "Well, I didn't do it that way and my kids turned out fine." And so, we've got this friction between two women. And the other layer in here then is this element of insecurity that a mother who has defined her role largely as a mother then feels insignificant. what role do I play here? Here's my son. He's off building his family as he should be, but do I still have a role? And so, mothers-in-laws struggle with that. But then the last sort of not last, but one of the main areas of conflict within this dynamic is that couples don't have the skills and tools to communicate the boundaries with respect, with love, to be able to step out of old legacy patterns. And some of them that I talk about in the book are things like codependency and and imshment, guilt tripping, rigidity, control, manipulation. I talk about all of those in the book so that you and your partner can really identify what are some of these dynamics that are continuing to play out. But for so many couples, they don't see these dynamics and then they're at war together rather than being on the same page. Mhm. I I find it interesting. Well, one that this dynamic not exists solely between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, but that it is so much more significant in that relationship versus like you talked about like son-in-law, mother-in-law or, you know, maybe daughter-in-law, father-in-law, that it is so specific and feels like so universally almost universally challenging like across cultures. I think you even mentioned part of that in your book at the beginning where you say I was overseas. I forget where you were and someone made a joke about the mother-in-law in a whole other culture, right? And it's like this is not specific to being in America or the way we have relationships. Like somehow this is well not somehow I'm I'm sure you can explain why but this is something that really is an experience I would say probably across the world. So, I know inside of your book as well, you kind of talk about like types of mother-in-laws, types of daughter-in-laws, and I think that sometimes people say, "Hey, don't put me in a box. Like, you don't get to tell me who I am and how I respond." But I I I personally find that stuff is valuable because when you understand yourself better, when you understand the person in a relationship better, then I think you can communicate better, when you understand like where they're coming from, why they do what they do. So, can you kind of speak to that all? I don't want you to like tell us everything inside of the book, but kind of what those types are or how that does play a role in the way you two being the daughter and the mother-in-law are going to communicate and have relationship. Yeah, absolutely. And I wanted to acknowledge that we bring within ourselves our own stuff. We show up in certain ways and I talk more in detail about that in chapter 3 of the book. Like what is the stuff we bring in? our own wounds, our expectations, our desires. Your partner will bring in theirs as well. And so I talk about styles, different styles of daughters-in-law. But then I also talk about these different types of mothers-in-law. And the type, I think it's so important to emphasize this. This is not a diagnosis. And I intentionally didn't use the word narcissist because the last thing I want is for anyone to read this type and then turn to your husband and say, "Oh my word, your mother is a narcissist." >> And whether you know that or not, whether your partner knows it or not, that label isn't always helpful. >> But instead, I want us to look at this category of behavior where we can then start to say, "Oh, okay. This this is what my mother-in-law does. This is how she shows up. I can see who she is, the behaviors she does. And then now, and I give this in the book particularly, I believe it's in limits and boundaries, which is the fourth step of the vault, >> is I teach you then specifically how to communicate depending on that specific type. >> So, I'll walk you through the six types. So, I is that okay? Yeah. >> Yeah, please. >> Okay. And then for people listening, you know, I want you to know there's more details in the book and you might even find yourself saying, "Okay, I think she's this and this." And that's also possible because we know that we aren't stagnant. We do change over time depending on stressors and events. So I've divided it into three categories. One is the internalizers and this is someone who makes everything about themsel. >> The externalizer where they focus outward tend to do that with criticism and blame. And then the balancers where they can do both in relationships. So the internalizers first is the martyr. And the martyr gives endlessly but it comes with guilt. And so she'll say something like nobody appreciates what I do here. Or she'll say yes to looking after the kids but then complains to someone else that she's tired and exhausted. And what's important here with this type of mother-in-law is for daughters-in-law to not take on that guilt and to know what your boundaries are. The second type also an internalizer. So these two are internalizers is the victim. And the victim believes that the world is out to get them and everything is happening to them. I you describe and one of the other pieces I love about my book and I think you'll remember this from my first book is I really use case stories >> to help people understand what happens in other people's relationships and these dynamics. This was a couple that I worked with many years ago where he would drop everything with his partner and his kids and go to mom right away cuz she'd say, "Oh, this isn't working." Or, "Oh, this is happening." And so right away he'd go. And the trick with the the the tricky part with a victim mother-in-law is that you get pulled into this triangle and you feel like you then have to rescue. And so it's important to not step into that rescuer role. So then the next two are under the externalizer category. So the first one being the blamer and the blamer scapegoats the daughter-in-law and will say things like we didn't have these problems before you joined the family and everything is the daughter-in-law's fault. And then the fourth type is the controller. And the controller believes that everything is done her way. So she'll say things like, "This is how we've always done it in our family. It's my way or no way. You have to drive through the 8 hour snowstorm to be here on Christmas at this time." And then when we look at the balancers, so the fifth type is the distancer. And this is the mother-in-law where, and I hear this from so many women, they'll say, "She lives 20 minutes down the street, but she doesn't come and visit us. she's not involved in our life or she'll say, "I don't want to be around babies. I'll come when the kids are older or some other comment like that." And I think it's so important to understand that that's this withdrawal and avoidance is part of who this person is rather than what I know many daughter-in-laws end up doing is they'll say, "This is about me. >> There's something about us." >> Right? And then the last type, the sixth type is the supporter. And the supporter is the one that shows up and says, "How can I be here for you?" She doesn't center herself in your story. She's there to support you. It still requires healthy communication on both parts, but often times people will say, you know, I've hit the jackpot with my >> So, there's those types of mother-in-laws and then there's I'm assuming as well these types of daughter-in-laws. And so, I would love to hear about that because that's how I'm thinking about myself right now, too. Because obviously I imagine I don't want to say some types match up better than others, but my guess is like I could bring strength and weaknesses into maybe or better into one relationship versus if my mother-in-law were like another one of the six types. So how does that kind of work when you add in Oh yeah, also the daughter-in-law is has her own way that she moves about the world and has relationships too. So when it comes to looking at the style of daughter-in-law, I have noticed there are three different styles. And I think what's important is again we can vacasillate and move through different ones depending on what's going on in our life, depending on are we looking at the early stages of our relationship? Are we looking at after a marriage, a significant event, having a baby? And so I found that there are a lot of women who fall into the good girl daughter-in-law. And this is someone who's a people pleaser and really focuses on having someone like them. And you can imagine how exhausting then this can become for a good girl daughter-in-law who then has a martyr mother-in-law or who then has a mother-in-law who is blaming and that becomes exhausting. So then we have the second style which is the manager. And the manager is someone who really thrives on boundaries and structure in their life. And then what that bumps up against is having another person come into their life. And they have to be able to co-create and negotiate that which can be tricky, right? Because here's this mother who has known her son the best all his life. And then we're trying to co-create what a family looks like. And then the last style is really that collaborator. And the collaborator comes in and can she can do the self and other and can hear the feedback, see the good intentions, but then at the same time isn't stepping into people pleasing or is getting stuck in more of that rigidity. And I think there's there's something really important about recognizing who we are. And that is not to blame ourselves and it's not to attack ourselves but instead it's to say oh you know sometimes there is this part of me that shows up this way and does that really work for me and what would be better for me to do this and then if we can start recognizing how we then bump up against another person we can then again say what's going to feel best for us as a family. Mhm. A lot of this makes me think of inagram numbers, which I'm sure you know all about as well. And that idea that the inagram isn't like or at least how I've interpreted is it's not about telling you like who you are, but more like why do we do what we do, right? That motivation piece. And so I think like I've loved that for my marriage like oh my husband Kelvin is not doing XYZ to hurt me. He's doing it because like this is the way he's been designed and now he has to like healthfully live inside of that. And of course, all of us need to grow in the areas where we're weak and stuff like that. And so, it's been so valuable. And I keep thinking about that, listening to these types and the way they can interact is like understanding maybe why your mother-in-law does what she does or why she is the way she is and not just being mad about why they do what they do. Just it just makes me think this is cheesy, but like that word of having that grace, right, to to know this isn't about me. This isn't coming at me because she just doesn't like me or wants. But there's also probably a reason that she is the way she is. And there's parts of her that have always been this way. And so I think it's just really valuable to bring that idea of like motivations, why people do what they do, not just why they're doing something into these relationships. For sure. So I've loved the inagram for marriage stuff. And I'm like, I need to figure out what my mother I have two mother-in-laws because my husband's parents separated. I'm like, I wonder what their inagram numbers are. How do we put all this together? because I think that's so valuable in this in yeah navigating any relationship. >> It's all about bringing increased awareness to who people are and then creating that sense of differentiation. That's something I talk a lot about in my first book which is about I am me and you are you and we're both okay. And it's the idea that I can't change who another person is but I can understand them. And when I understand them, I have more compassion and I will have more grace. That doesn't say that I like what they do >> if they are hurtful and disrespectful. It doesn't say that I'm going to go and change them. Instead, I accept. And acceptance means I recognize that this is something that's outside of my control. I recognize this is another person and I can't control another person. And that where my agency really comes in is by identifying patterns and then being able to build understanding of who we all are and what we all bring to this dynamic because of course then your husband also brings this in. And I love I really emphasize this in the book which is family members are predictable and consistent most times. And so if you go to the family event and you have this awareness of what type of mother-in-law you have, but then you keep hoping that she'll be different, that creates more tension and frustration inside of you because you're also looking outward. I hope she'll be different. I hope my husband will do this differently. But the tools and the steps in my book are going to support couples to then have these conversations so you're prepared then to show up to the family event to have a different approach and one that's going to feel better for you. >> Okay. So talking about the husband also too because obviously this is a triangle essentially in this relationship. How do you what do you like in in in a perfect world I think oh someone finds your book or whatever and they both read it and then they're both like okay we have work to do we want to make sure we do this well and they're on the same page that obviously doesn't always happen whether it be in regards to this relationship or other things inside your marriage so how do we navigate this I would say I'm talking about the wife at this point one if we feel a little solo and isolated in it but want it to be better and then two maybe also trying to get them to enter into this with us and understand like, hey, I need your help. We have to be a team. Where do we start? How do we get through some of that? The the first thing I always say to people is recognize that this is your partner's mother. And if we go back, we recognize that there are all of these coping mechanisms that your husband learned as a child to remain connected to his parent. And so because of that today, if you go in and say, "Your mother is an awful person. She's doing all these hurtful things. You need to, we need to." That naturally is going to bring up defenses because first, he has lived in these patterns. And so they are just what they are. Second, I'm also mindful that many of the men I work with, not all, but many, engage in avoidance and compartmentalizing, which means they're going to shut things down faster. We also know from Gottman's research that in conflict, men have a higher spike in their physiological measures and they're more likely to shut down. So, physiologically, we know that. So I think it's really important then to recognize so if it's me and I've picked up this book and I'm doing it on my own, how do I then start bringing forward these issues. >> And the first starting point there is to start gently talking about things that don't feel good for you, which is let's think of an example. you're going to the holiday event that's coming up and you know mother-in-law grab grabs a baby out of your hands and tells you all the things that you should be doing differently. So you will go to your husband then and say there are these moments where I feel helpless and I don't feel good. I feel pushed to the side and I know that's no one's intention. We give ben we give as Dr. Becky would say the most generous interpretation. going to give a positive interpretation, right? But we say, you know, this is something that I need and and really talking about what is it that you need in those moments? Do you need your husband to come in and to say something? Do you need a boundary to be set ahead of time? Do you need to baby wear during that time or whatever that looks like? >> So, that would be the situation where your partner's not on board. Then ideally you go to your partner and you say all rel like all of our family relationships matter to me and I know there's this maybe there's tension maybe not and and I do encourage people who do have good relationships you can still go through this book together but you go to your partner and you say let's do this as a team because when we are on the same team we are more resilient meaning parenting feels a little bit easier. It means going to work is not going to drain us because we've just had another fight. It means we're on the same page. And this is about protecting relationships. It's not about ghosting and arangement. That's that's the last thing. I talk about it in the book, but that's not what we're trying to do. We don't get married and say, "Hey, you know, might cut your family out one day." That we just don't do that. We want the family connection around us. And so I think when we talk about what we'll get out of this by doing it together, that's really important. >> Okay, that's so good. Thank you. I'm thinking a lot about how you keep saying this isn't just for like the tough mother-in-law daughter-in-law relationships. Like there's value here in all this cuz my husband and I have also had challenges between like the husband father-in-law relationship too and his relationship with his dad. And so I think obviously the book is, you know, you, your husband, and his mother, but I can see so clearly how this really does apply to all of these family dynamics and relationships and understanding, like you said, where they're coming from and bringing in that compassion and the grace like it's going to be valuable for for anyone to read this, I think, and then try to apply some of it to their family dynamics and relationships, for sure. So, I have one question that keeps popping into my head as you're talking about daughter-in-laws and how they're navigating this. And it's that idea of a lot of women are really strong kind of like I'm going to say like boss babe use some silly kind of stereotypes women and then they in this relationship so though they lose that strength or they they no longer feel able to to speak up or to I don't want to say like be in control because that's not necessarily the goal but to to advocate if you will. Why? Why do you think that is? Why do you think this is one relationship where we struggle so much with maybe showing up with strength when otherwise we can and we maybe some of us, you know, do it really well too. What comes to mind first is what Bnee Brown talks about and this is especially how women are conditioned which is her three Ps. Please, perform, perfect. Women are taught, girls are taught at such a young age to be pleasing, to be caregivers, to not speak out. And I think of even the popular book, I believe the first edition is 1989, Harriet Learner, the dance of anger. Love this book. And her forward of the book said, "It took five years to get this book published because nobody wanted to publish a book about women's anger." And then she goes on to say how women are taught that anger is bad. When you vent you when you get angry, you're venting it out and you're a bee. That's not good. Or you hold it in. You repress it and you get resentful which comes out in other ways. And so we have been conditioned to not speak up for ourselves in family relationships. And so then here's the person who means so much to you. You're going to spend the rest of your life with this person and you want their family to like you. It's a normal human experience. You want to be loved. You want to be worthy. You want to know that you're adequate. And that I think is really where it becomes challenging to then say something and then to get on the same team. And then the other piece too is we throw in the couple dynamic low. And I think this is where it's tricky because so so the question I often get is why don't women have this great of a struggle with their mother? So not all but for many girls we think about how their anger was expressed in growing up. I remember seeing it's just in in general I just I know I have all these stories of clients who were allowed to be angry with their parents and it's the expression of you know the moody teenage girl when she screams I hate you. I remember like my six-year-old screamed I hate you one day and slams her door and I'm like whoa that came so much earlier than my son's like okay we're we're here right? So this idea that girls, and I see this clinically, girls set boundaries earlier with their families, they've been doing it in all of these micro moments ways. So then when big life events happen like the wedding or moving or the baby, especially the baby, then she says, "Mom, when you come over, don't give me advice. I don't want advice from you. Just like pat my shoulder, give me a hug, and tell me I'm okay." But then she can't do that with her mother-in-law because it's someone else's mom. That's one part. But her husband can't do it and he doesn't do it because more likely boys are taught to push their emotions away. They tend to be more avoidantly attached which means they're not sharing feelings and needs and so they've used avoidance and compartmentalizing to deal with issues in the family and so they haven't practiced doing it before. >> Did I derail? >> So maybe a little. >> No, it's all right. >> Okay. So much in here to come out. >> No, I was thinking back to my original question about the mom showing up strong or not being able to show up strong and stuff like that. No, you're good. But I do want to ask you one more question and then we can wrap it up. Sound good? Okay. Okay. So, a lot of my audience is in the season of having babies and I know you just mentioned like especially with the baby that this stuff might really come to the forefront. So, do you have just any really practical advice for for those who are maybe having that first baby and and and want to do this well and and want their mother-in-laws to be involved in really happy I would say like happy healthy ways. What can maybe they be doing pregnant or conversations to try and broach with their their spouse before baby's here and some of these additional challenges of having the mother-in-law be a part of that too might show up. M I think it's so important to recognize that everybody goes into this season with expectations. Meaning your mother-in-law, future grandmother has desires and wishes too. And so a place to start, you and your partner are sitting down and saying, "What really matters to us around this time?" >> In the book, I have a list for you to go through specifically. I'll have a pre-order bonus as well that has those questions available as an advance because I just kept thinking, I can't make people wait to get this book. So, there's a pre-order bonus that's going to give you all of those questions, but sit down with your partner and talk about what matters to us about this time. Who do we want to visit? How long is that visit? Who is staying where? What feels good for us? And I always encourage parents, you do not need to have anybody stay in your house because you are adjusting. This is a big seasonal trans, like a season of transition. And we always want to prioritize what mom and baby need. And we don't we don't know how things are going to go. So having that in mind is really important. You and your partner being on the same page. And then depending on the relationship you have with your mother-in-law, your extended family, have that conversation together and talk about here are our desires. And you might even ask questions like what kind of thoughts have you had around how often you'll come over? Because asking a grandparent that question will give you an idea. Oh, I thought I would drop by, you know, on every Sunday. And you might be thinking, that's lovely. I would love to have you every Sunday. But you might also be thinking that doesn't really work for us. And so those are the times where you can start saying knowing this season where we'll be sleepd deprived where, you know, I can remember just I don't know if I'm fully clothed or not, right? Like you might then say, we need notice moving forward when you're going to come over. We need to make this plan together. And again, depending on who your mother-in-law is, this conversation might happen with both you and your husband or your husband, your partner needs to communicate that clearly to them. And I always say to couples, give reassurance to your extended family. You're important to us. We know you're excited. We want you to be involved and this is what we will do >> because that's where the boundaries come in. >> Yeah, that's so good. I'm thinking too, you mentioned this as well, but just to circle back on that idea of also maybe speaking out loud to them and with them, like that this also might be a little bit fluid for us, like almost exposing your own vulnerability of like, I don't know how I'm going to handle this transition. I don't know how breastfeeding will go. So, almost saying, "Hey, can you please have some grace for us if if this changes a little bit and like what we need changes?" cuz I think so many of us go into our first postpartum and we don't we have an idea of how it will go or maybe how we're going to feel about visitors like you said and setting these expectations and then we get in it and then realize oh we actually would love more care and support or we would like less or today is different than yesterday and so almost trying to just remind everyone in that relationship that this this might change and so can you just like hold that grace for for me and my husband if you know if it's daughter-in-law having this conversation so that you know hey I I mentioned this to you that that I'm not totally sure how I'm going to feel today tomorrow and at 4 weeks postpartum or whatever. So I think making sure you put a pin in that too can be really really helpful for these kind of preemptive combos as well. >> And I have one piece to add to that especially for our good girl daughter our good girl daughters-in-law >> which is probably me. to speak to me >> and and deep in my heart. Me, too. So, I totally get this. This is going slow. So, if someone makes a request of you, can we come over? Give yourself a beat. Let it filter through what it means. Is it something that's going to work for you? Does it feel good for you right now? And remembering that this is your time and you need this time to heal and to bond. you need it for the three of you and that your no isn't wrong just because they're upset. >> And that's something that our people pleasers and deep caregivers really need to hold on to. If we think anagram, those are our type two and type threes. They need to hold on to like when you say no, it doesn't make you a bad person. >> It just means >> so if they're upset because you say no, it doesn't make you a bad person. It just means that they're having their own feelings about it and they're allowed to have that. >> Yep. Yep. And it's not a reflection again of of you like we throughout like this is not about >> you like your mother-in-law is is one way and you are one way and you two are going to come together and have to yeah have to figure it out. Okay. This is so helpful. I feel like this it's just such an interesting relationship. So it's not surpris I feel like we could keep talking and keep digging into types and what happens when they come up against each other and all that because yeah it's just a really I think challenging and can be a really lovely relationship too. But like yeah like you said this is a person that we want to our spouse want to be with forever which means these are relationships we're going to have forever too. So it's just it's big. I think we we know that these are big relationships, but also this is lifong. So, that's a really big thing to hold and and and navigate. So, yeah. >> Okay. I I would love for you to remind us the title of your book so we can keep an eye out for it. Remind me of the release date. I think I know, but I don't want to say the wrong one. And then where people could find you, find the links, the resources, all of that as well. >> Yes, absolutely. So, for people listening, come and say hello to me over on Instagram. That's my main area. Dr. Tracy D is my handle. And then you can find all the details on my website drtraceede.com. And the book is called You, Your Husband, and His Mother. And it comes out November 4th, so just before the American Thanksgiving and Christmas. >> Okay, perfect. And then one question I love to ask just for fun about anything. What is something in your life right now that's just like sparking a lot of joy for you? >> Watching my children in this middle childhood stage. Mhm. >> It's it's incredible and and it links back to the book in the sense of how my job and someone had an angry mother-in-law sent me a DM once and said just wait until you have kids or or wait or do you have a son or I can't remember what it was but here's the deal. I have a son and I am so attuned to what it means to be his first love in the sense of I'm showing him what it means to love another woman. And it's incredible to see how they begin to individuate from family, but then also how there's like this cuddling and coming back and being close. And so with my kids being eight and 10, I'm just really grateful that I get to witness them on this journey. It's just so cool. It really is. My oldest is eight, so we have that crossover. And when you just said that like cuddling and the coming back, like man, that tension so real in these middle years. And it's so >> fun to see when they step away, but then also when they cuddle or come back, you're like, "Oh, good. You're still right here, too." It's such a sweet It's just so different than the baby years to watch them do this and take those steps away, too. It's It's a lot of fun. So, >> yeah. >> Thank you so much for coming here with me, giving me this time today. I'm very excited about your book to read the whole thing. I've kind of gotten to dig into it from some snippets that have been shared with me. So, I yeah, I'm just excited to see kind of the feedback you get and where the conversation keeps going. Thank you so much for listening to the Low and Behold podcast. I hope there was something for you in today's episode that made you think, made you laugh, or made you feel seen. For show notes and links to the resources, freebies, or discount codes mentioned in this episode, please head over to lowandbeholdpodcast.com. If you aren't following along yet, make sure to tap subscribe or follow in your podcast app so we can keep hanging out together. And if you haven't heard it yet today, you're doing a really good job. A little reminder for you before you go. Opinions shared by guests of this show are their own and do not always reflect those of myself and the Labor Mama platform. Additionally, the information you hear on this podcast or that you receive via any linked resources should not be considered medical advice. Please see our full disclaimer at the link in your show notes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sil-zz8qd: 7:59 Why do American women speak with that fried annoying thing ??? It is such a pity cause I really find this topic interesting

- Baller Burgundy with JJ Redick - Acker's "All-Stars Uncorked": Kind: captions Language: en all right lily how are you doing i'm well thanks how are you welcome jj hey y'all good to be here thank you for for having me on this uh this series this is really exciting for me we are kicking off our uh acker all-stars on court with jj redick nba superstar thank you for joining us jj jj you're in usa today tnt where aren't you these days i mean everybody wants a piece of j.j reddick you're on actor's zoom i mean he's got like everything covered my wife actually asked me tonight she goes do you think you're doing too much and i said look i i just i'm doing the things that i want to do you know tonight i had an opportunity on tnt to uh talk about race with kerry champion and renee montgomery and isaiah thomas and coach k i'm not gonna pass that opportunity up and i'm certainly not gonna pass the opportunity up to to drink some awesome uh burgundy with you guys well we're pleased to have you good to see you and that's it johnny everybody for joining us uh so [Music] yes absolutely thank you lily i'm gonna keep uh keep things going here we've got a lot of wines to get through and um we have to talk to you about wine you know we're gonna keep things positive we're gonna keep things uh in in the fun zone here tonight so what how did you start to get into wine like you know what was your first kind of attraction to it was it because of being in the nba or was it outside of the nba or you know tell us that story yeah so my first uh real um experience with wine was my my senior year at duke on graduation weekend i threw a little uh graduation party for my family and i thought there was red wine and white wine i didn't know there was actually different types of red wine and white wine so i i had a lot to learn i went to napa for the first time in 2010 i think a lot of uh consumers in the u.s start with napa cabs and napa chardonnay i started getting into some pinots eventually that led me to burgundy um and then it then it was a very specific dinner in 2013 that was sort of my aha wine moment um and then you know that basically took me to a place about three years ago when i got really into this and started collecting i read wine books uh literally every day i'm it's it's a rabbit hole and there's so much to learn about uh wine not just burgundy but wines from all over the world and and it's also fun as you learn things and you you know you gain a little bit of appreciation for different regions you get to you get to taste those wines as well and enjoy those wines and share those wines with other people yeah every bottle has its own story and even when you have a bottle a second time at a second time it's like it can have a different conversation you know just like people you know you meet like a person on a different day and sometimes they're in a good mood sometimes they're in a bad mood and that's part of the the the conversation you know and it's um you know i've been uh fortunate enough i started you started pretty young age i mean you know i guess around 30 years old when you really started getting into it i mean that's fairly young to get into wine um you know i of course was in the business so i had like a little bit of an earlier head start uh myself but um once you find that wine bug it's really tough to tough to lose it you know once uh it's like wine it's what's for dinner you know and um speaking of which so how do you you know if you're you're an athlete you've got to work your ass off stay in great shape how much do you drink how often you drink in there do you drink before you play or not before the nights before games always after the game what's your routine so i would say for like a lot of americans the pandemic has totally upended my drinking routine and i've consumed far too much alcohol in the last six months i will admit to that uh but typically i i don't drink nights before games um hopefully my one of my teammates one of my buddies josh hart who's i know who buys from you guys as well he's my teammate with the pelicans um hopefully he's on the call but he always teases me because i i i don't drink the night before games but um one of the hard things during the season is actually falling asleep because on game nights you know i take a nap during the day i take it i drink coffee before the game then you play the game and you're all amped up and really the way i've found especially as i've gotten older and i've got kids i'm not going out to night clubs or not really even getting the chance to go out to dinner necessarily after games i'll come home i'll fix myself some food and i'll and i'll open a bottle of wine and i'll get to do that um and then you know look i'm i'm like an obsessive person so my routine in the offseason my training it's a daily thing and you know i i i believe in just moderation so you you fit it in when you can and if that happens to be on uh on a on a tuesday night with you guys like we're gonna get some wine in that's that's the goal right right yeah i i know that uh feeling i mean yeah this pandemic kind of changed everybody's routine i mean i spent half my year like running around the world and for these last six months i've gone absolutely nowhere you know outside of one small trip and it's just kind of like it's like hey it's like a whole new thing like this staying home thing it's like you know and you you obviously traveling all the time half the year as well and you did have to travel to orlando to the bubble and you know so the the bubble experience i mean i guess you know it was funny when when everybody went there i'm a big nba fan big nfl fan those are my two kind of sports and you know when everybody went there there's a lot of grumbling amongst the players and oh you know there's a lot of grumbling early on everything kind of settled in and you know how what was life like in the bubble was it a bit surreal was it a bit like you know and what was the what's the wine culture like in the bubble is it kind of like how prevalent is it in the nba these days yeah i so i would describe the nba bubble as like part aau tournament part summer camp i wouldn't just i wouldn't call it prison but we're definitely we were definitely sequestered you know we were definitely sequestered in one place so you couldn't really leave um so i i actually didn't take any wine down there my initial thought was let me take some wine down there or whatever i then i decided let me go down there and see what this is like so i saw the wine list at the restaurant or a hotel and i was like i'm gonna have to i'm gonna have to work on this a little bit it was heavy on napa yeah so i went on amazon i had a amazon prime deliver me a wine fridge to my room uh and then i and i had some wine imported um and a bunch of players did the same cj mccollum josh hart uh carmelo anthony there's a bunch of executives like popovich and david griffin and uh and some other some other coaches that had wine brought in so what ended up happening is you know there was five or six games every day and by like 10 p.m at night most of the teams were gathered in the hotel restaurant and there was a lot of wine dinners you know just just really awesome conversations really awesome experiences shared around a bottle of wine and somehow i got josh hart who um i think for about a year only bought bordeaux from you to to come around and drink some burgundy i wanted to ask you by the way typically i wanted to ask you john typically this time of year i would assume you're traveling you're doing you're going somewhere i would assume for for harvest and getting to experience that with with some of your friends in the wine world or not no i don't do harvest i do uh hong kong a lot and i do you know i i do um my travel schedule like hong kong eight nine times a year i go to brazil a couple times a year i go to europe for a month every summer and then once or twice other times and you know i go to california once a year so that's kind of like my core travel routine and i'm hopping back and forth to new york a lot um since i moved out of the the city after being there 44 years so yeah i'm used to running around and you know no matter what i'm doing how hard it is whatever the work is you know when dinner comes and you sit down at dinner and you have a bottle of wine it's just like everything is good you know it's just like it's such a beautiful thing and it's so great to see you guys as athletes you know who can enjoy responsibly who can like you know enjoy it relax unwind and and still you know operate at the level you do physically and mentally you know with um so many things coming at you and the shape you have to stay in it it's good to see you know i think wine is the best beverage on earth and i think um you know it it's great to see that you guys can enjoy it and that people who drink um you know wine i think enjoy life a little bit better certainly more than people that drink bud light wouldn't you say well some of us have to um because of bets have to chug bud lights uh so i i had to i had to fulfill my end of the bargain on that one what what was that about i saw you drinking one laying down the bubble i was like oh man jj your power rankings are going down like five or six spots there yeah well sir here's the thing john i'm i'm a man of the people i'm the man of the people okay i can sit here and enjoy a great bottle of burgundy and i can also enjoy a bud or coors light you know it's just all about occasion so here's the story so i was i was playing golf on an off day and i was having a few bud lights on the course and i went to get some water at the water fountain on the course and because of covid the water fountain was shut off and i was out of waters so i took a picture and i put it on instagram it was a bud light open bud light can on the water fountain and i said you've left me no choice well this account called nba bubble watch reposted the photo and then they said how many retweets for you to chug a bud light on camera tomorrow and i said look if you get it was a small account john it had like 700 followers so i'm like and at the time i probably had like 10 000 followers so i was like if you get 10 000 retweets by tomorrow i will i will i will shotgun no problem well by like three hours later i realized that they were gonna get to ten thousand which they did very very soon after midnight and i'm i'm a man of my word and so i was i was af after practice the next day i was i was in the cold tub and i had another golf around that afternoon and i was like i don't feel like drinking at the on the course today i'm gonna you know i'm just gonna fulfill my end of the bargain i'm gonna multitask so while i was cold tubbing a shotgun beer um and i loved it it's great it's great right all right well that's uh good and what what else um you know so when you pick the wines what to bring what are you drinking in in general what kind of wines are you having uh are you all over the place you're trying different things you like to experiment or you kind of like find yourself in a routine mostly but so here's the thing so i i'm i'm an obsessive and you know for a long time my obsession was watches and i got super into watches and i dove in and for like 10 years i i just read and and went to auctions and and you know met with collectors and it was my obsession what i realized with watches is that it became a singular pursuit there was no one benefiting from my watch collection other than myself it was it was selfish to me and while i still can enjoy a watch what i realized was i'd rather find something that other people can enjoy and i already loved wine and i'd already got two gotten to experience some great wine and so when i started collecting it was burgundy and so i would say like of my collection is burgundy probably 80 of my collection is burgundy i have some older napa cabs um i have a bunch of barolos uh some spanish wine um i don't really collect bordeaux's if somebody offers it to me i'll drink it um but like again going back to the bud light thing like it's all about occasion like if i'm at the pool on a hot you know july afternoon i'd love to have an albarino you know it's just a light refreshing spanish white something like that is great for me i don't necessarily want to open a a bottle of you know chevalier mon roche from 1993 or anything like that at the pool so it's all about it's all about occasion you know you have your special occasion wines and you have your your daily drinking right right well speaking of why we should drink some wine right now let's do it charlemagne here lily why don't you tell us about uh the first white wine that we're drinking and um certainly um i will just chime in and say i also personally very much enjoy coors light preferably out of his alto glass tastes even better that way um so the first wine that we're having this evening is the 2017 domain kotala chapelle corton charlemagne and it's from a great vintage the 2017 john has the bottle on screen right there and i'm i'll throw the link to the wine in the chat too in 2017 it was a great vintage for white and only 1500 bottles were produced by this relatively small producer based in voleme and they only owned premier crew and grand cru vineyards they were the history of the domain goes back to i want to say over 1858 and it was purchased by an american wine connoisseur who john and i both know in 2011 and they've been making some great wine that we are lucky to have a little bit of um since what do you guys think of it john jj guest of honor once yeah oh uh what you think about this one well i i think it's delicious delicious i've had a i've had a couple different court on charlemagne from 2017. um and have really enjoyed them this this is no different um you know we were talking earlier but it's um it's definitely still a little tight but it's it's delicious i actually am i poured myself a little bit and i'm decanting the rest uh in the fridge right now but it's uh it's just poured myself a lot i poured myself uh i poured myself a lot of it already actually i got a head start here i was prepping i had to loosen up for the uh i think it's absolutely delicious though um yeah yeah i mean and and for anyone who's you know collecting wine the 17 white birds um they won't let you down they're great you took the words right out of my mouth i mean i was talking we had a a podcast resume with um rouleau earlier this year and he told us 17 18 and 14 are like the three of the greatest vintages 14s are mean we had this discussion a little earlier today yeah about the 14s but 17s are just like they're like they're giving they're they're delicious they're ready to go and this is a vintage that you could back the truck up and like really just kind of have lots of 17s and and be drinking very well for the next decade for for any of you out there that are that are buying these things we have some uh we have a lot of comments and people chiming in lily do you want to bring anybody online or anybody's questions online here i'll bring in a few questions because we've gotten a few repeats and i think since we're early on in the conversation talking about jj's history and wine do you have any favorite books wine books or kind of wine resources that have helped you learn about wine and that you might suggest to a newer wine drinker you know what i've actually got one of john's books right behind me up there that's my only book it's my only book okay all right well his only book well you sent it to me uh maybe a year or so ago so i appreciate that um so so there's a few a few sort of classics uh the wine bible by karen mcneil and that sort of will take you all over the world and give you a good sense of uh of of the sort of the premier uh producers in areas in every region um i love the sommeliers uh atlas of taste um i think that it's it's specific to europe but i think the way they they write about burgundy for anyone who's getting into wine is is really awesome because they'll talk to you about taste profile and soil profile and you'll really learn a lot um and then my other one that i actually really like because i'm obsessed with burgundy is i think it's janine cho she wrote the burgundy 100 uh which is basically she goes into sort of the top domains in burgundy and their top wines and some of the top vintages that that have come from those from those producers um it's she actually priced it out of what it would cost to actually collect all of the top 100 burgundies and the number is insane so it's hard to sort of collect that necessarily but you know for for for anyone sort of that wants to understand what great burgundy is that book is like an amazing reference point and do you think that did you read a lot as you got into wine or did you go through other resources or kind of just tasting with people what would you recommend to like the new wine drinker looking to get more into one yeah i mean i think i think reading about wine um is is really important i think understanding um what uh what soil means what to terrar means what um what what a wet season means what yield means like i think understanding all that stuff and why a certain vintage can taste the way it does is really important but i also think the most important wine education you can have is actually tasting wine figuring out what you like uh and then going down that sort of path the other point i would make and and this is you know this is something that i've realized in the last year is like there's a there's a lot of amazing wine being made all over the world right now and so being open to different wines whether that's um german riesling or a pinot noir from austria or hungarian wine like there's there's incredible wine being made all over europe all over the world and so just kind of kind of having an open mind about about wine and you know you can think like i know i did when i you know eight to ten years ago it's like no i like this wine and i like how this wine tastes and then as you sort of try different wines you're like i could never drink i'm not gonna name the producers but i could you know i could never drink those wines now that has nothing to do with price point either because i i look i if you give me a great like you know 25 dollar bottle of spanish white i'm in heaven yeah there's a lot of great wines that are you know 20 30 40 50 a bottle obviously when you get in the final rare the collectible wines wines you're going to age for a long period of time it's it's kind of a different level but like you know on the same way you find certain wines that you like but you also like to spice it up even though burgundy is considered kind of the pinnacle of the wine collecting world you know because i mean like lily said how many bottles do they make of this quartzo charlemagne 1500 120 cases that's like nothing you know that thing uh it just like goes like that it just vanishes into the world you know 120 cases for the world i mean just think about the distribution how many are you going to send it to london how many are going to send to germany how many senate hong kong u.s brazil all these markets it's like you said five cases to all these different countries it's like nothing you can't even see it or get it but thankfully you know there's a healthy secondary market with these things um that we specialize in and kind of find these wines and it's just but you know for everyday drinking you can't necessarily open these wines up every day you got gotta find something that you just go to you want to have a glass or two you don't want to finish the whole bottle like when you open up the ones that were kind of tricky tonight it's almost like you feel obligated to drink the whole bottle because it's just like it's it's so special you know right john like when you when you talk about like price point i think for a lot of people you know the the entry point for a lot of the great wines is is honestly just it's too high i mean you know the collectible wines are are you know 100 bucks or more sometimes a thousand bucks or more um but i think when we talk about sort like the great producers they're making you know there's there's four tiers of burgundy there's the grand cru the premier crew villages and then the regional but they're making incredible village level wines that are comparable to you know wines that are way more expensive in other wine regions and so i think that's really for a lot of people that want to get into burgundy that's the value play is finding the great producers that are making great village wines from from great from from great vintages yep i think you know real estate is uh location location location wine is producer producer producer if you like a producer and you see their name on a wine it doesn't matter if it's 30 to 300 they're putting their heart and soul into it they are like artisans they're they're handcrafting these things and what makes burgundy so special is these guys are like they defer to the land and like we said a terroir they're like you know oh we don't make the wine we're just the shepherd you know we just kind of like you know we take the grapes and we we get put them in the bottle and it's like the the the earth and there's this real reverence for the earth and the sense of place and i think you know bordeaux has that sense of place places in italy like piedmont tuscany have it germany has it with with some of the great riesling vineyards spain has it you know and california has it too although i think the style of wines in california you know i think there are a lot of wines that that are like the high alcohol supercharged wines and then there are wines that are like trying to be classic and that's like the i don't want to say good versus evil but i want to say there's a there's a big you know like battle between those kind of stuff and some people like big rich heavy high alcohol wines and some people want something that's a little more reserved and elegant and kind of old worldly you know and and there's a real you know there's a real uh difference between the two styles in california which makes it tough to navigate for a lot of consumers yeah that's a great point and i think too it's it's you know if if what i've discovered because i was so naturally drawn to pinot noir and then burgundy is that i've discovered that you know i just enjoy like high acid wines like acidity is is sort of king for me and so i'm i'm drawn to barolo's i'm drawn to german rieslings uh you know of course i like i like burgundy but like i like high acid wines and so the big bold you know california cabs uh they do they haven't done it for me now i've i've still found enough producers that that make california cabs that i i can enjoy but but yeah it's it's for me it's like acidity that's that's what that's what i love yeah that kind of high-pitched like you know it's a good one come on good ass will make you like kind of sit up straight gives you good posture you know it gives you kind of attention you know it really uh i understand completely what uh you mean so let's uh try one of the red wines here we haven't even broken the reds we've got three red wines we're going to start with a a young buck what's our first red wine here lily the uh lignies correct so the first red wine we're going to start with this 2016 which is a phenomenal really well balanced vintage for red burgundy from uber linier claude laroche so a grand cru vineyard and this for the domain is kind of the standard bearer and one of the benchmarks for the for that vineyard for the grand cru and the vines there are 50 to 60 years old and the the family is in the third generation and it's been imported to the us not for very long only since 1978 by rosenthal kind of an old new york importer and from what i remember last tasting this wine it's really delicious and i hope it's showing well ready jj what do you think no it's it's amazing uh so claudia laroche is is one of my favorite grand cruz in burgundy um it's a it's a grand cru that i i collect um and and really enjoy um i think it's fantastic um one of the things i was going to ask john about just in terms of the transformation over let's say like the last 20 to 30 years in burgundy in terms of wine making and farming philosophy uh and this is true in barolo too like i feel like with the advancements in technology like we're able to enjoy these grand cru way earlier than we would have been 20 or 30 years like this is this is absolutely drinking amazing it's delicious and you know it's it's a four-year-old wine and it's it's fantastic right i think that uh you know more than technology it might have to do with a little bit of global warming and a little bit of like that kind of influence it's definitely warmer the harvests are happening earlier in burgundy i mean we have a lot of relationships with all the top producers and they say this again again the harvest is kind of earlier and earlier and it's definitely you know whether it's a week early or two weeks or a few days they all know they all kind of are they're cutting their vacations a little shorter every year but they monitor the grapes and the wines the same way and they make them the same way you know what's the level of the the sweetness the the sugars the the ph is the acid all that stuff so they're they're on it and on top and so i don't think that um you know the quality is changing i just think it's like shifting and the wines are delivering a little more fruit and a little more forward qualities like you've noticed and you know 16 it's century 15 16 or two back to back great vintages we were originally going to have a 15 but then somebody bought them all you know so we'd like we we called an audible because the wine moves out of the inventory too fast but this 60 is so fresh and this is like a vintage that i think you will love to collect because it's fresh it's got a city there's a freshness to this wine it's not a heavy chunky you know like oh nine fifteen or a little richer heavier chunkier kind of energy and this 16 is all about freshness delicacy you know elegance and i decanted it because i i felt it needed a little air time uh to open up but um yeah you can get pleasure younger out of pinot noir than you can out of cabernet like with bordeaux and cavity you really need to give it five ten years fifteen years for it to like i mean really ten or fifteen and i think with the burgundy and the pinots and you know there's a approachability that you can have you don't feel bad drinking it young you know in fairness to bordeaux i will say when you get to that like 40 50 years or older 80 years 100 year you know bordeaux is like you know bordeaux takes over and kind of you know there's some exceptional burgundies they can't do but in general the longevity factor of bordeaux is is like unquestionable and but burgundy has that drinkability and people today we live in like a bing bing bing world you know everybody now and you know and and like you know burgundy offers offers that uh pleasure for sure uh john i wanted to ask you about uh your decanting philosophy with um so so let me just what i've learned in my own experience in drinking burgundy is i like to taste the wine first and it doesn't matter if it's 30 years old or five years old i like to taste it first and if i feel like it's it's tight and wound up you know i give it a decant generally speaking i'm probably going to decant the the younger stuff and i'm i'm not going to decant the older stuff i'm going to let that sort of uh evolve in the glass um but for the most part i feel like there's there's probably two schools of thought on that but i i feel like generally speaking with burgundy for the older stuff you're you're not gonna decant it you're gonna let it sort sit in the bottle while you drink it but i'm just curious what what your philosophy is i think you know there was a great uh mentor of mine a physicist named dr bippin desai who lives in l.a he's in his 80s now i still talk to him we still uh and he used to hold these giant weekends these extraordinary wine tastings and wine makers would fly to la and everybody would come and he used to go to bordeaux every december when nobody was there so he could have everybody's attention and he he he was like he's a a cult wine collector and he was like uh a very and still is very near dear personally he always said you know a good rule of thumb is they can't do 30 minutes before you're gonna drink it you can never lose like if you say like because he would do these dinners he'd open up like 40 wines and at a dinner and it would be like a tasting and you know i i think you're right i think you always taste the wine first like i tasted this lenient i was like um just it just felt like when i opened it tasted it just wasn't it wasn't jumping out of my glass so when when you feel that they can't right and 30 minutes i think is a good rule of thumb for anything you know within the last 30 40 years you're really not going to lose yeah too much by um but i i do think so for some of the older stuff because i've had this happen to me before where you know it's a 25 or 30 year old burgundy you put it in the decanter for an hour and you're you by by by the time you get to that like fourth or fifth sip you've lost some fruit you've lost some fruit and and you you've lost out on some some experience that maybe if you just you know pour it in the glass or maybe decant it like you said for 15 or 30 minutes but i agree with you like this this lignie i tasted it out of the bottle i was like i'm gonna i this is i decanted this and i decanted the the quartz on charlemagne those are the two that i decanted these the the the other two were about to drink i i left in the bottle and poured myself a little glass and let it let it happen in the glass right yeah i think you're right the older burgundies you really don't have to begin i think you don't you know you don't you know you can you can only if you need extra air you can always sit here and do this right you know work it and work it you know you can work it i have another trick for you that might be um something that um the world's uh leading champagne expert richard yulin swedish guy taught me when when smelling the wise i like to share with everybody as well you know most people i spell the wise right they go in here okay so but if you smell the wines and you roll it you roll it it's like a stereo versus a mono oh there you go see that isn't that an amazing trick it's like an amazing trick that's one of like and it took me a while to train myself to like you know i had to like really think about like hey you're not doing it you're not doing it like but when you roll it it's like it's like stereo versus mine that's like one of my best um little pieces of wine advice he asked me for my advice and and that popped into my mind um because i love sharing that kind of info with uh everybody and somebody's saying they should smell bourbons like that too i don't drink bourbons i would not know but uh lily you're you're a bourbon expert what is uh i don't know about that but it's certainly and most people have one side of their nose that works better than the other side and so doing the moving the glass from one side to another you may get certain sensations as one side works better than the other um but not as familiar with the bourbon that we did do a macallan tasting where we learned quite a bit about how to properly taste the spirits and that was more of holding it on your palate which you didn't expect i would say um in terms of the older one i think one thing to add might be to that we especially with super old wine as john mentioned bordeaux that are 50 plus years old and even older burgundies that decanting off the sediment which some people find really important and standing your bottles up so if you are having something that is older to just even stand the bottle up leave it standing open or closed john and i discussed opening his wines an hour or so in advance of the tasting just to let them breathe while open versus a full decant so lots of things to consider yeah right and lots of questions coming in we have while we pour this next line which is clothier now we're getting into some mature or aged zones here do you have some questions you want to share uh from the crowd yeah let's let's go on i know jj you did mission mention that one of your favorite appellations in burgundy is chloe roche have you been to burgundy and what is of all of the appalachians perhaps your your number one favorite oh yeah if you can name just one sure um so i haven't been so my wife and i we for our we just had our 10-year wedding anniversary in june we were scheduled to go to paris and burgundy uh in may at the end of may and unfortunately due to covid that was was obviously cancelled um so i've yet to go to burgundy it's it's literally the top of my bucket list right now i can't wait to go and and thankfully to to people like you you guys like i feel like i have enough contacts now or i can i can sort of have a great experience um so with burgundy i i would say like it's it's hard to say because it's easy it's easy to talk about drc and it's easy to talk about like latosh and latosh but latosh is like it's not like a even a wine that i'd necessarily want to drink once a year it's just it's such a special wine um i would say for for the grand cruz that i drink the most and enjoy the most and i feel like for a good vintage have that perfect balance of tannins and acidity and fruit i think it's clueless i really do and and jacques and and ponzo are my two favorite producers of clutter laroche well glad we could include it tonight then yeah thank you um i'm gonna ask one more question then we'll get into the next one um we had the question and i know you're really into food and restaurants and all of that i know uh what is your the favorite pairing you've ever had you can name just one my favorite pairing wow um i wow so there's two pairings actually and they're both so bougie and so so wrong but they're so right at the same time so it's it's it's a great champagne and a great caviar and a great white burgundy and a great lobster like a butter poached lobster and white burgundy like that to me that's as as rich and as decadent and as over the top as you can get of course you can find like a great red wine and a red meat combination but for me those two combinations are the best excellent i'm glad you said that because um it was just everybody seems to be focused on red wine red wine red wine and like you know me as i get older i drink more white wine and drink you know what you know and so it's like you know there seems to be like this kind of thing well oh it's white wine it's not as like it's not like a red wine it's a white wine you know and uh i think that's really a misperception because like personally i think when when i drink white wine i just it it's easier on my body it's just easier on my brain like the next day i don't know i just feel like it's not as heavy i think the red wines have more tannins more things and like it's it's nice to hear you know some some positive uh love for the white wine because like you know every everybody seems to be focused on on the red white i mean don't you find that when you're drinking with your peers and your and the players everybody's drinking red or people into the white wines also no it's a lot of red it's a lot of red that's why that's why white burgundy is is uh is such a great like segue into the white wine world um because it is a little more i wouldn't describe it as full-bodied but it has more body to it there's more depth to uh white burgundy um the other thing too with white burgundy is like i i literally drink it when i eat anything like it doesn't have to be i don't have to drink white burgundy and you know lobster or a piece of fish or any or oysters although i do love oysters and white burgundy too um chablis and oysters that's that's a hell of a combination too by the way but uh you know i so i i think white is like just a great sort of intro that i've i've kind of you know put with with some of my fellow nba wine drinkers by the way we've got an all-star cast on this on this zoom right now john yeah everyone's really pumped up in the chat will blackman we've got josh hart on here come on this is this is fantastic can you just can you describe this this clothier because this is this is amazing um yeah this is to me is what i would call it's a little bit of a beefier style there's kind of that like soy glaze you know yeah there's kind of like this there's a little bit of like what i call a good herbal like herbal is like a funny word because you say herbal and people like oh it's like herbal no it's like not good and it's like actually this is a good herbal like a bouillon almost it's a rich wine it's a i mean it's a concentrated wine this is about as rich as burgundy kind of gets i think you know it doesn't really get much more fleshier and fruitier and the old one is a very expressive vintage it's kind of lost um it's a great vintage it's a connoisseur's vintage because everybody's 9902 get all like the attention but oos are delicious much more approachable 0-1 i mean this is a this is a serious one i've had i've had some i've had some great o1s um and obviously the the price for a 99 and an o2 versus an 01 is is significantly higher than an 01 so i think there's you know if you're if you're if you can find uh some grand cruz at the 01 um you can find some value there um the the so you think this do you think the 01s are are like like uh thinner at all i find them to be a little thinner if that makes sense yeah i don't know less concentrated i mean 99 is like an ocean of fruit yeah o2 is i feel like o2s are a little bigger a little bigger yeah more muscular yeah a little bigger oh ones i wouldn't call it thin though i think you know yeah i mean i maybe maybe um maybe svelter with that john we just got a question from john we just got a question about what how about pizza so i think i think pinot and pizza is the one of the one of the all-time great food combos if you're if you're having a pizza and you're you're a new yorker so i know you you have pizza you're you're having pizza what what's the what's the red burger you're going to go like not have the pizza it's a battle every week not to have pizza it's especially like late night it's like you know oh and then my wife always gets it on the weekends her cheat day she orders like you know i love the the olives the olives peppers and onions pizza that's like my go-to pizza i'm like i can't resist it but uh you know i think pizza yeah i think of pinot like a younger pinot you don't want you know an older wine with like um pizza but obviously you know tuscany is great with pizza and also you know i think you're right pinot noir is really good with pizza you know i do find that cheese in general when you have like a great cheese plate is much better with like white wine and cheese so i generally would like a rich buttery wine you know uh like you said i i do like white wine with pizza but i do like like you can have like a young pinot noir from california there's so many good ones like the ones raj bar is making you mention his book like sandy and in the evening land and these kind of things and that so that reminds me something i wanted to ask you about is is your diet and like you know what is your diet because i you know i i work hard on my diet i try to like you know eat healthily you know i don't it's just it's it's you know i work harder let's just leave it there and like so you know you obviously are at a you know a higher level of fitness and the fitness and the mba and the knowledge and everybody like staying fit like what what's a typical uh day of eating for you a good day or a bad day a good day today we could look up yeah this goes back to my earlier comment about moderation so you know i inherently believe fun i fundamentally believe that you should you should treat yourself a little bit so i don't particularly like sugar but on sunday morning i go with my kids to get donuts okay so that's that's that's right i would say most days i have you know eggs and fruit or eggs and a piece of toast in the morning i don't eat a big big breakfast i usually have a salad for lunch and then my wife and i either cook or we we order out we cook a ton and you know i again it's like i eat a lot of vegetables i eat a lot a lot of lean meat um i don't eat a lot of fried food once every 10 days i'll have a cheeseburger and it's awesome once every two weeks i'll have pizza that's awesome like it's not it's again it's like i i find the the ways to pick and choose and you know as i've gotten older i've realized i can't get away with as much as an athlete you know it's i'm 36 now so um i i when i moved to new orleans i was i i played my whole career at like 195 196. and when when court when uh the shutdown happened in march and and our season shut down and the world kind of shut down i was like 206. so new orleans got the better of me you know and then i lost all that weight back during quarantine i basically ran my my butt off for three months before the bubble um but that new orleans that new orleans cuisine will get you man it's a lot it's a lot of it's not a fried food it's a lot of sauces there's not a better like food culture in the country than new orleans it's the it's the greatest right what are your favorite restaurants there uh great question um so my favorite restaurant i wouldn't even describe it as a restaurant it's just a place where you go for food uh it's called turkey and the wolf uh mason hereford is the uh is the chef there's nothing on the menu that makes sense um their most famous item is a collard green melt uh but that's that's turkey and the wolf is my favorite restaurant in new orleans paladar 511 is sort of a new school italian place that's great i love clancy's um love both of nina compton's restaurants which uh compare le pond and uh bywater american bistro they're both fantastic um but you can't like there's no such thing as a bad meal in new orleans um oh and the other place i should mention by the way if you're ever in new orleans for anyone listening if you're ever in new orleans and you want to eat brunch go to bearcat cafe that that is the spot that is the spot perfect yeah cafe so we've gotten one question that as we transition into maybe the next wine or john's just refilling on the clothe of heart but people have asked for you to compare um what is the burgundy equivalent of duke basketball in terms of a player i think in terms of legacy perhaps it's been it's been brought up several times oh man i have to think about that one big we mentioned drc already and it could be drc no jj i mean coach here's here's the thing coach k coach k coach k is drc that's that's there's the there's the analogy right there coach k is drc he's gonna command the most attention the most uh you know demand the most auction the most at auction you get coach k for a speaking engagement he's gonna get the most um the the the best players at duke we're all we're all grand cruz we're all schaumburton museum we're we're all just like you know we're those people but but but coach is he's the monopolies he's romani conte and and latosh he's drc you heard it here first yeah i see somebody says drc's overhyped i have to disagree with you sir whoever's saying that because um it's not i mean it's just not like it the prices are ridiculous but it's just not overhyped well the thing is up to it you can't get the prices the market determines what's yeah right like people that buy these wines they're not buying them because you know maybe some people buy because they've heard drc and they you know they want to if they have money and they don't really know the wine but the people that collect wine know the wines they buy this wine it's it's it's the number one wine in in the market in the in the retradable market by far like it's like it dominates the marketplace and so you know it's it's a special wine with a special history and um you know so i you know just still could have different opinions you know it's what makes the world go round you know it's it's fine nobody's wrong nobody's right and that's what makes wine so great you we all feel like like this wine i like that line and we're all right yeah john i know we were gonna maybe discuss some top fives in this discussion who who in your opinion not your necessarily your favorite but in your opinion are the top five red burgundy producers oh that's that's i can whip it off pretty quickly that's uh drc that's uh russo lawah lij belair dujak roomier can i get six in there am i missing uh did that six like i have to i have to like talk about how to make it uh five am i missing somebody i'm probably missing somebody i mean you just you just hit six you just hit six i'm gonna cut him off at five i think that's how this works right he named six i wrote them all down he named six well speaking of speaking of top five what are the top five lines that you've ever had or tasted in in your life can you access uh data bank at the moment yeah i can because i wrote it down earlier it was actually took me 10 seconds to write it down all right so i talked earlier about my aha moment with wine i was at 11 madison park okay and i was celebrating uh 11 madison park is a is a michelin-starred restaurant in new york city there's a tasting menu it's a whole experience three to four hours experience we had a great sommelier that night he guided us through the night and we started with uh with a great rose champagne then we had a 90 bouchard uh la romanee um i he came back to the table and he said hey uh do what do you guys want to do now there's four of us and i said what's the best burgundy you have on the list and he said well we have one bottle left of 1978 latosh and i said we'll do that so we had that and i said it it showed beautifully and i was like that's it that's the greatest wine i've ever had so that's my first and by the way we fought we we were still we still had to do the red meat course so he brought us a 59 rinaldi barolo to finish the meal just one of the all-time great meals of my life um i was at a wine dinner um a couple years ago and we had uh a bunch of amazing stuff but the wine of the night was my second one is a lerwa monresha it was a 1966 lair wall mon richey um we came back to it at the end of the night this was after like a 69 chamber 10 a 1990 mayo kamazei uh overlay um i think we had a 2010 pycm like we had we had an amazing night and then we came back to the 66 mon rache and we were like this is it i mean this this is the greatest the greatest wine of the night um i i had an 89 monroe shade from ramune uh a couple years ago over all star break that i actually bought from you guys um i i hiked up a mountain in tennessee i had the hotel deliver the the bottle uh at temperature up at the top of the mountain and we had a lunch up there with my wife and my best friend and and uh my sister-in-law so that was phenomenal um a 1993 schaumburton from rousseau that's up there uh and then i got to put one wine in there and this is not necessarily the best wine i've ever had but it's my most enjoyable wine and in 20 years it's still going to be drinking amazing and that's an oh five clover roche from ponzo it's a it's it's one of the best wines of the last 15 years it's just so good so those are those are my five and i've had older stuff and i've had i've had you know i only have one latosh in there i've had a bunch of latashas but those are my five i think those are solid that's so yeah i can't uh you know that's that's pretty good you're like uh i think you know all the nba guys need to start calling you sensei [Laughter] we'll see we'll see so and what about top five restaurants you've been to i mean eleven madison obviously have that great meal you know if you i mean have you had some jeff so you get to travel around a lot but i mean i guess it sounds like you don't always go out after the game because you're tired you just want to kind of like tune out and check in with the family and stuff but like you've obviously been to a lot of great restaurants what are some of the best restaurants you've ever been to um still to this day french laundry is probably my favorite restaurant i've been there six or seven times i've never had a bad experience it was sort of the o.g you know it's the og thomas keller spot it's the og american tasting menu spot it's it's one of the places that influenced the foodie culture in america more than anything else and so that to me is is is up there um i went to osteria franciscana in modena in italy that's got to be up there i went to um i can't what is the name of the place the the the the chef from giro dreams of sushi which is a netflix documentary it's in tokyo japan that sushi place was incredible um so those are those are like three of my all-time favorite experiences in terms of food but then you need your places that you just enjoy going every day you know your your your place that you love going once a week and and for me like in new york we have an abundance of that and and i would say my two favorites are lilia in brooklyn uh which my friends sean feeney and and missy robbins uh own and lartusi which is sort of an uh an older in new york by new york standard it's an older classic but uh artoozy in the west village those are those are my five nice those are solid i feel like those it's a solid top five i think i feel confident in most recommendations you would make i think i'm probably good with like 95 or 6 out of 100 recommendations you would make i think i would like just go blindly and like you know and and check it out so um we have one more wine to taste here right um we have uh now we're going older we're going further back 1995 you mentioned the producer mayo camaze clovujo you know now this is a wine with 25 years old it's older than some of your teammates uh what do you think about the this wine here well it's it's it's there's there's definitely like you can tell the difference with this wine even even compared to the o1 there's like a little bit of bricking so like discoloration um it's turning that you know to a degree there's a level of like orange here um but it's it's great i mean there's there's an earthiness to this wine that's that's like really enjoyable i yeah there's a 95 is a vintage that's a little bit of um you know it's like a rusty earthy leathery kind of style to it that's like a little backsided it's a little bit um you know it's got that intensity and i think it's now really starting to come into its own for many years a lot of people wanted to write off this bin and say oh they're too hard they're too mean they're not friendly blah blah blah and a lot of people i know they sold their 95s but now 25 years later you're starting to see wow okay this is a vintage that i can enjoy of course mayo cameron says one of the great great producers um that there is you know in in the world today um so the um back to the nba for a little bit looks like a miami uh los angeles finals which is a great story i think a great battle uh for for the nba we'll see it's not necessarily going to happen but all signs are pointing towards that of course your former teammate and wine loving friend uh jimmy butler is on miami he's really made that team it's amazing what he's done this year and um you know what's going on with like next year is it going to start on christmas day is that definite it's still got to be worked out are you guys gonna travel around to the arenas like football and and baseball what's happening i i i think it's very unlikely we start on christmas day i'm just gonna be honest with you i i think we'll start sometime early next next year um i think the nba look here's the thing we're all waiting for either rapid testing or therapeutics or a vaccine like we want fans in the stands fans are good for us the you know the game is good for fans so we we want fans in the stands and ideally we're not in a bubble next year i think there's a season one way or another but i don't know what that looks we'll have a we'll have a you know a long negotiation we'll long talk over you know two or three months once the season ends and we'll figure it out with with the league but look adam uh silver our our commissioner with the nba uh michelle roberts our executive director with our our union and chris paul um who's who is the head of our executive committee with our union the three of them their leadership on this over the last six months their leadership going forward it's it's been phenomenal and our league uh we we finally got to the point where the owners the league and the players it's a partnership and we all sort of are moving the same direction we all want the same thing and that's a great product and we want to be smart about it we want to be healthy um so we'll we'll figure it out we'll figure it out in the meantime there's lots of wine to be drank until next season starts because this is probably my longest off season ever and yeah we can watch a little football we can we could we could handle the football for a couple months we can make an inch and then you know but we're definitely eager for next season i mean this season it's like it's very interesting with like the whole how the whole playoffs played out in this whole it's just i mean it's great and thank you for all you guys for like taking the sacrifice out of your your personal routine your personal life to entertain us all you know down there and go down there i mean that's a big thing you know not to be with your kids not to be with your wife you know to go down there for two months have to practice for for a month and then you know play to see if you're even gonna play i mean that was a big commitment but i think america needed it and it was uh a great thing that you guys did thank you john so so uh we just got a question about sort of the lower priced wines everyday wines our fifth wine is is one of those wines and it's i told you this earlier today it's from a great producer um also from from a really good uh vintage just can you guys talk a little bit about this wine because it's yeah of course so you can value wine at the end lily's gonna talk about that so as we started the tasting with the 2017 white burgundy we're going to end the tasting with 2017 white burgundy and i think it's a lot of our favorite recent vintage for white and it's from domain favorite and this is a clo so a an enclosed vineyard that's been within the domain's ownership since 1933 and it's from the cote chalonnaise where you might find some of not necessarily lesser ones but certainly less expensive ones than in the coat to bone or the coach and we and i think this is a great pick and you'll you'll jj you'll tell us what you think about it so we've got all these great fancy expensive wines the wines we've had are all between 200 and 600 bottle they're not cheap and now this wine is let's call it less we won't say the price of it yet yet so are you enjoying it after all these great wines i think it's phenomenal it's very fresh first of all so i i think one of the important things for for anyone sort of listening that wants to buy wine as you sort of move further down south in the cote d'ivoire you're gonna you're gonna get very good wine if not the same level for way less expensive and this is this is sort of no different uh volmay is another great example for red burgundy where you can find uh phenomenal wine at way less uh expensive prices than some of the other grand cruz this is amazing um can we can you guys just talk a little bit about favela and and just their domain their history because this is one of the biggest producers in burgundy um they've done sort of a a huge investment in the last 30 years in their production and the the quality of their wine coming out of this this this domain is is phenomenal right now yeah absolutely gonna take care of that because i didn't graduate college so lily's gonna handle that uh so domain family has been around since 1825 they're in their seventh generation based in nuisance george in the past i want to say 10 years they did a massive renovation of the winery and it looks as john mentioned earlier like kind of like a cathedral it's just beautiful and the it's now led by a gentleman named erwan and his sister ev and they're really lovely people with a great kind of ameri american experience so they've certainly tried their best to share their wines with the american marketplace to make us all more familiar with burgundy and and the big range as jj mentioned of price points vineyard sites all of that that a large negotiate has so a more of a merchant that has both ownership of vineyards and also buys fruit buys grapes to make wine from properties that they may not own and i think that's what is really great about family the kind of diversity of of property and real estate of course it gets more expensive as you get to smaller and smaller real estate patches but for a wine like this that's from a monopole that they've had in the family for almost 100 years um it's delicious it's definitely delicious i love it yeah nobody's that nobody's made this wine this vineyard they've had for 100 years and erwan's definitely taken i think the level of the uh of the wine making just the operation over the last 15 20 years it's just it's it's gone to another level and that's what happens sometimes when generations they go for the new generation comes in sometimes the old generation is you know they're just like whatever we're just you know yeah it's just a product we're we're making it and but erwin favoritely is one of the great great guys in burgundy and he's really on top of it and they're they're they're making fantastic wines you know as our uh joy and uh and shadow or some of the other big big boys in bouchard or some of the other like big producers in burgundy they're still making great wines so we have we've had all these great we're gonna wrap this up with what we call a 60 second shot clock so you got to be ready here take a big chug i don't yeah i don't to be clear i don't know we you told me you were doing this and i don't know any of the questions before i want it's a 60-second shot clock we're gonna ask you a bunch of rapid fire questions and you just answer them it's gonna be wine basketball food you know some of the things and uh lily you got your your stopwatch set i'm ready to go when you are john i'll press it when when you start the first question okay so first question red or white red okay best player of all time in the nba michael jordan lebron lebron okay third best kareem okay what's your most hated food mushrooms john you found someone new world or old world old world okay who's the league mvp next year next year um i'm gonna say devin booker there's a surprise all right i like that what's the most wines you ever drank in a night by myself what no just number of wines you've tasted in one evening nine nine all right uh what's your signature shot to win a game of horse uh all right right corner i i put my left foot parallel to the to the sideline and my right foot parallel to the baseline i call it a duck shot i'm behind the backboard my feet are like this and i shoot it over the backboard and it goes in every time i literally have never lost on that shot wow i need i need that video nice okay three favorite three of your favorite movies of all time uh swingers interstellar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i can't even think of a third i just love those two so much you're in your second minute but i'll let you keep going all right okay that's all right we're gonna finish we have to so i mean i know the answer to this one burgundy or bordeaux burgundy yeah right uh what's your last supper food and wine cake last supper food and wine pick um oh man see this you didn't give me these beforehand so last my last supper i i want to i want a domain leflev uh chevalier mon richet i want i want on the table i want to do jacques on the table probably so he doesn't make a lot of they don't make a lot of chamber 10. i want a schaumburton on the table and i want a drc latosha those three wines on the table all right for food i'm definitely gonna have some raw oysters i'm definitely gonna have uh some caviar i'm probably gonna have some sort of barbecue either like smoked brisket or smoked beef rib and then i'm i'm gonna this is a surprise but i like i really love the lamb rack i love a lamb to finish a meal that's that's my for dessert i'm probably just gonna go with just a basic doughnut like i just love doughnuts that's my last meal i think the donuts are better in the morning though you you got to go back to like a different wine you know i want to say one thing real quick i had by the way earlier this year i so i don't like i don't like sweet wines at all but earlier this year i had a 67 chateau de chem and it was like a f it was a life-changing it was life-changing moment to have that level of complexity for dessert wine that old it was insane insane sweet wines are amazing but you know for me and i think a lot of people the sugar it's the sugar and it can make you a little like for me i get a little dizzy when i have yeah after because you're when you're gonna you have five six three four five six wines yeah and then a big meal and a rich and then it's like the dessert wine it's i mean it you know they're phenomenal but you have to get to take a little little taste you know and uh but the great thing about them is you can keep them in the fridge you put the cork in there they last a month two months i mean they're like right you know they last forever forever so i'm not done yet most underrated nba player in the game man i still think it's jimmy butler all right you're probably right about that actually i thought you know you might be your league mvp next year i was thinking that but um last one you drank before tonight geez i got to go back i got to go back three nights because i didn't drink the last two nights um [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] um so i think hold on i don't you are getting old jj no i am you are well because i i i was in sac i was in sag harbor on friday and saturday and i drank a couple wines and i'm trying to remember so i think it was a a 1999 jedi and i can't even say the name but it's like the tricia chamber ton is the ground crew remember that yeah there you go 19.99 yeah i got it i got a case of that from you guys and i i own one of those it was all right all right good job good job best player you ever played with best player ever played with chris paul all right do you like champagne to start a meal to end the meal or at the club after the meal john i haven't been to a club since like 2011. come on i'm just asking i'm just oh come on no i like there's there's no every great meal should start with champagne i'm a believer in that and chelsea my wife she thinks the same way so champagne to start a meal for sure two or three of your favorite musical artists arcade fire uh dermot kennedy uh i gotta throw some hip hop in there so i'm gonna say outcast okay all right cool and best nba team of all time the 96 bulls no doubt all right all right probably a roomy a museum yeah all right that's that's that's still that's he he makes like zero i mean like one barrel next to none right i know well i had i had a flight of three in the hamptons when you were down in orlando otherwise you would have let you know about 99 is spectacular and lastly which we uh neglected to speak about which is super important your new podcast old man and the three who's the old man who's the three what's going on with that why did you start it what's going on yeah so i so i've been doing podcasts since 2016. i've done over a hundred episodes i never owned my own podcast i never owned my own ip so for me i wanted to start this new podcast i my contract with the ringer had run out so uh we named it so i love literature and i love hemingway and one of his famous novels is the old man in the sea so it's a little play on a little play on words there the old man and the three i'm the old man but i'm also three because i shoot threes um we've done uh we've released i think 15 episodes now uh we've had everyone on from kevin durant dwyane wade to stacey abrams and michael lewis uh next month we've got coach k andrew yang demar derozan like our list of of guests is just endless um it's it's been a lot of fun we have great conversations we have serious conversations but we also um we also you know make it fun so it's it's it's been it's been a really cool experience and and owning your own podcast and owning your own business has been uh it's been a learning experience it's been it's been really different the last uh two or three months it's been really fun though you know one thing that i've learned with the pandemics i've been listening a lot more podcasts and there's two types of podcasts that listen to it's sports and it's history i'm like those are my two wheel houses and i list your podcasts all the time and it's great it's super entertaining you're an amazing guest and like now it's like first it was basketball basketball and now i i start to see you're you're talking to people aren't basketball either and i like to see that and um you know you're just you're just branching out to the whole world and and you have a great platform and you're incredibly engaging and you know so is there is it just the old man three you're gonna do a little bit more what are you what are you doing we've got we've got some some upcoming podcasts that we're going to release on our network we're in development right now our next one we're going to release is definitely going to be a a food and wine focused podcast actually it's funny you asked that question i would i would anticipate that podcast will be launched uh sometime mid-november i think is what we're shooting for right now um but yeah we're there's gonna be a few podcasts on our network that that um that we're gonna develop and produce and and one of those is definitely going to be food and wine i can't tell you the name though john because it's just i don't want anybody to steal it it's just too good the name of the podcast is too good it's another play on words i can't tell you john i know i told you earlier today don't don't say it we know how to keep secrets you know and if you ever need a chief drinking officer let me know i can like you know i'm good on boards i can handle the boardroom and all that stuff and you know thank you so much for like spending some time with us kicking off this all stores all stars on court segment it was great to have you here jj reddick nba superstar versioning media mogul thank you so much jj for being here you know all the best and look forward to drinking with you again soon yeah thank you john thank you thank you i appreciate it thank you so much have a great evening everyone cheers

- I Finally Bought Castles of Burgundy | A Newbie's Perspective: Kind: captions Language: en yeah this thing is this thing this thing is insane I mean like look this is this is the boxer castles of burgundy I don't have the old one I wish I could put it next to it but it's it's ballooned quite a bit if you're watching this you probably have one of two perspectives you've either played this game for a very long time and love it and you're just wondering what this new edition actually brings to the table or like me I hadn't played physically at all until this Behemoth arrived at my door I had a couple plays on the app and that was really about it in retrospect after playing the app there was a lot that was kind of over my head I really didn't understand the game but now that I've played it physically I have like 20 plays underneath my belt I played it at two three and four players I played all of the new expansions so that's where I'm at and I'm gonna kind of tell you a little bit about my experience about castles of burgundy and do I regret my fomo purchase of this Behemoth should I have just boughten the normal Edition at Target uh let's get into it I think the first thing to understand is what is castles of burgundy heading into it I didn't have a great understanding let me run through it really quickly so in castles of Bergen do you have this duchy board here and in the game there's 30 variations of this board and we'll get into why those variations are so important and frankly brilliant a little later on but just know you're trying to build out essentially a city on this board and the main way you do that is through dice the game is split up into five phases within each phase there's five rounds and each round you're going to roll two dice and those dice are connected to two separate actions so essentially you're taking 50 basic actions throughout the game there are a couple ways to get some extra actions but we'll go through that a little bit later one of the really interesting nuances is these dice obviously are rolled with different numbers it will constrain what you can do with your turn you can use them to take a tile from the game board and place them on your board you will notice on the game board that there are corresponding dice values meaning you have to have that die in order to pick up that tile so now that you have the tile on your board you need to get it out on your duchy board and once again you're using that value of the die to get it on the right spot on the dutchie board but before you place it you have to understand the rules of placement any hex tile that you place always has to be adjacent to another tile that you've previously placed and you start the game with one castle that you can choose to put wherever you want another action is selling Goods it's another way to get points we'll talk about how to acquire those goods a little bit later on but you get two points per good sold and every time you sell Goods you get one coin and for two coins at any time during your turn there's this place in the middle of the board that houses all of these black back tiles and they consist of a variety of different tiles this is a great way to really feel like you're stealing a turn and lastly you can spend any value die to get two workers those two workers are essentially the locked mitigation mechanic when it comes to dice rolls you could spin one of these workers to change your dire result plus or minus one and that's it that is essentially the game that is one half of what makes this game so brilliant first glance it's really simple I mean I taught this to my 11 year old and he absolutely loves it and you know he's not the hugest gamer in the world but he can play it and he picked it up really quickly that Simplicity was great and has helped me get it to the table with a variety of different individuals but what's hooked me the thing that's made me really excited about this game is the hidden complexity and the different mechanics and we're gonna get into those really quickly I think one of the best places to start here is just simply going through these different tile types first and most basic to understand in my mind were the mines you place the Mind absolutely nothing happens but at the end of each phase you get a coin obviously something you want to get out early if there's only five phases you want to maximize their ability next in form of Simplicity are shifts when placed ships do a couple different things they allow you to take a stack of goods that have accumulated on the board and obviously we already talked about the power and selling those goods you get coins and points you also get to go up one on the turn track so let's take a little side quest here and talk about the turn track this is one of the brilliant tiny little nuanced mechanisms that I found myself playing a game within a game you see when you go up on the turn track order there's a stacking mechanism that happens that allows for a new level of strategy when it comes to turn order you're not trying to get the furthest on the track you're trying to get the furthest and on top of the stack so as you move up the track order if you're behind the first place individual and you move up one you play a ship for example you get to go on top of them and the person that's on top is actually first next so there's a little meta game here and yes you want to be first on the turn order track but you also want to be on top it's not who's gotten the furthest it's who's gotten the furthest last so there's a strategy as to when you want to play those ships especially if you're battling for first and first is important because in each round you get to go first all of those beautiful tiles that are sitting out there on the board are up for grabs and you're the first one that gets to go after them and that becomes extremely important as I hope I can demonstrate a little bit later on I know this isn't unique there's some other games that have similar turn order mechanisms I just think it's a brilliant Wrinkle In what is a much larger game another pretty simple tile to wrap your head around are livestock and their core mechanism is essentially set collection because every time you place a livestock tile onto your dutchie you get the number of points equal to the number of animals on that tile however what makes this interesting and add some tension to this game is that if you were to place the same animal in that same area or grouping you get to count the previously laid animal as well so as an example you have two hexes with sheep on them that equal five that are already sitting on the board and then you place a four you don't just score the Four Points you score four plus the existing animals sitting there you can imagine the tension on the board if two players happen to have already played sheep into their duchy and they both want to go get that sheet harkening back to turn order and why it's so important You're Gonna Wanna Go get those sheep early if you know another player wants them as well I personally love playing that livestock game if I see an early opportunity to do so I love it and I try to get a couple of those tile because I've won games by just building out a really large area of the same animal type it's a compounding effect that is is is pretty overpowered buildings are the tiles that make you feel super powerful they're some of the biggest contributors to that dopamine effect because as you place a building tile each building has an individual effect on the game laying a building a lot of times makes you feel like you're stealing a turn you can get things like four points or two coins you could gain four workers or you can sell a good of your choice some even allow you to place an additional hex tile so you can imagine laying those buildings in a lot of cases feels like you have another die to spend incredibly powerful in fact one of the points about this game is everything you play for the most part feels good there are some games that really make you struggle really make you hate your life but castles of burgundy is not one of them even if you're losing you feel like you're making progress to a goal and last we have Monastery tiles these are really fun especially when you're looking for them early and there's a goal attached some of the monastery tiles will have a goal attached to them you get a certain number of points for a certain hex that happens to be in your duchy others give you a special ability like when you use a worker to change the results on a die you can change it plus or minus two instead of one you can imagine how that could be super powerful they add an asymmetry to the game that really for me helps keeping me to come back because depending on what's out there it may change the way that I'm going to play the game overall because if every time I sell a good and I also get a coin I may be more apt to sell Goods or if I'm getting a four point bonus on a particular building type I want to make sure I get that building type each and every time it comes out to try to get one of those in each of my building areas I mean the Nuance that this one tile adds is is unbelievable I think the scoring structure connected to phases is a brilliant addition so one major component that I haven't talked about is what happens when you complete a colored area in your dutchie well that depends on the round in the very first phase when you actually complete one of these colored areas you get 10 points plus there's this sliding scale that depending on the number of hexes you get points Associated that doesn't change but what does change is Phase after phase those completion bonuses become less and less this does a couple different things first it creates a sense of urgency early on to complete those especially the small ones so when placing Your Castle to start the game it's really important to place it somewhere where you can get a couple of really easy fast completions to be able to get 10 or 8 points in the first two phases and then by the end of the game in the fifth phase you're only getting two points per so you can imagine if you are completing a one or two hex colored area in the fifth round it feels a lot worse to do so when you could have gotten 10 points if you would have prioritized that or at least placed your Castle near it where you could complete it early on the other thing that this round base scoring mechanism does is it gives you a ton of points early on and then it really tightens up the game later on the real quick detour on Castle placement that's related to these board nuances and having 30 different boards to choose from in this Edition really makes for an interesting new game every time you play because when you place that first castle to start the game you're really thinking about a game plan and how many of these smaller areas you're adjacent to to possibly get those early completions and get those early 10 or 8 point bonuses at the same time I'm also looking for adjacency to ship spaces because I want to play that turn order game I want to have that priority as long as possible some are looking for adjacency to mines because they really like the extra power of being able to essentially take a free tile for two coins so even in that really simple action of taking a castle and placing it in a spot to start the game you're already in the game thinking about a game plan once again one of the beauties of this game and why it's you know one of the best games of all time now that we've gone through kind of the core game let's talk a little bit about the expansions and all of them add a new flavor and a next level of complexity in a game then in my household we'll likely get 100 plays having those as an option just makes the value so much better better there's a Shields expansion that every time you roll doubles instead of taking those two actions you can instead trade that ability in to grab a shield those Shields are placed on existed castles and they give you an ability and a scoring bonus at the end of the game one makes all of your pasture spaces connected that gives you a huge scoring advantage over the rest of the players because if you remember there's a variable exponential scoring Scale based upon the number of hexes that are connected together in one group also if you keep that tile to the end of the game it gives you an extra 12 points now the only reason you might not have it is if you don't have the silver to pay for it because at the end of each phase before receiving silver for your mind you have to pay one silver to be able to keep those so if you don't have the silver to pay you lose the shield just a great little tiny splash of extra strategy and fun and once again just more of those kind of feel-good Vibes that this game is always bringing and then Vineyards oh my goodness Vineyards I don't know what the general reception has been on Vineyards but I love them if it were up to me I would play with them all the time my wife likes more of a simple game because there is a lot to try to focus on but Vineyards is the side module that I think does a ton and if you feel bored at all with all of the strategy and castles of burgundy throw Vineyards on there it is absolutely awesome basically what it is is you have a new sideboard that sits right next to your duchy thematically these are the Rolling Hills and Vineyards that are next to your duchy and it has a variety of double hex spaces so the way you acquire those double hex tiles are exactly the same way that you would any other tiles so down below there's a Vineyard store where you can spend two coins in order to get one of those hexes in the plastic holding tray that's your Depot and that's where you use dire results just like you would any other hex on the main board to acquire those the tricky part they do take up two of your three key spots and those are highly valuable so that creates a little bit of tension as to what you're grabbing and when and if it's going to block you from a future action there are some sticking points in there depending on the die that you get whether you can get that back out of those two spots it is a limiting factor but I think the rewards far outweigh any sort of limitations by the double hex component those double hex spaces are connected to bonuses that when you play one of these double hexes onto you get that bonus many of which are existing building bonuses and the awesome thing is it has two bonus actions in each one of these spaces so when you placing them it feels so good not only are you placing these for those bonus actions you're also placing them for in-game scoring at the beginning of the game you'll get these three tokens and they match a particular grape type those are the grape types that you're actually going to score at the end of the game and if you have those grape types adjacent to each other similar to the normal scoring on hexes where the more attached the more points you get it's the same way here but you're not constrained by dutchie board you can essentially string as many of those grapes together and I don't know how you do it but if you can get 13 you get 91 points that is that that's an insane you literally can play Vineyard as a strategy the whole time paying partial attention to your dutchie and probably do just fine in fact that's what I did I had two six great chains that gave me 21 points a piece and that was an absolute Game Changer to add 42 points at the very end and it just crushed the will of my opponents and that just feels really good the game also Sports a shot Tomah I guess it's a play on automa now you have a virtual opponent to play against if you choose to I haven't done it yet so I can't really speak on it at all and lastly I think the elephant in the room on this giant box is what about the components and the thinking true awakened Realms fashion they've knocked it out of the park The Minis that came with it are really cool I use the castles all the time I think they're wonderful you don't have to but they're beautiful I did get the Sun Drop version so it definitely adds some depth to it I never regret the Sun Drop and I don't now the acrylic tiles are absolutely beautiful if you're somebody that likes premium componentry and just the feel of those things in your hands you're gonna love them there was another acrylic add-on that would give you acrylics for the scoring bonus tiles and workers and such I totally missed that I absolutely kick myself in the butt I need to get my hands on those as soon as possible if any of you out there want to sell them to me let me know I I will buy them immediately the boards the boards now I did spring for the neoprene main board I absolutely love it some people hate it it also comes with a normal cardboard main board it's fine it's great the art on it pops it's really pretty and beautiful but then the player boards double layered enough said there it's just it feels so good it comes with this little honeycomb hex holder that goes in that player board so your hexes don't slide around that feels great The Vineyard expansion that I mentioned comes with a triple layered board that triple layered board represents kind of the hills of a Vineyard the metal coins are okay they're not as they're not the heaviest metal coins that I've ever had in the past but I'll definitely take them the bags that you store these tile in are super high quality they definitely are pleather but they just feel really great and thick in your hand the only disappointment I had is in the insert it's it's just really cheap the components are so heavy as I take that in and out of the box I know that's going to get screwed up and like I said I don't have those extra acrylic add-ons but I don't see them fitting in there you're going to need some other solution in fact I think once I can get those acrylics I'll probably 3D print a solution for these trays setup and tear down takes a bit you know you have you have what three layers of trays that you're pulling in and out especially if you're getting to any of the expansion stuff at the bottom of the box it's a little bit easier if you don't touch the expansion that sits at the bottom you don't have to worry about it you can just kind of move on I guess the last question that I have to answer is was my fomo purchase worth it and that's exactly what this was if you remember I've never played it physically um in fact I don't I played it as I ordered it you know and I'm a degenerate I'm the first one to admit that and I just order stuff that had hype around it this was one of the greatest games of all time how was it gonna miss and I don't think it did in the end it's an awesome game that's nothing new if you played this before not a revelation whatsoever it's a great rendition of a classic and a classic that just has aged so incredibly well in the age of complexity in the age of adding mechanics on top of mechanics on top of mechanics this still feels so original it feels like the the replayability on this is already insane you add the new expansions to it it just takes it to the next level and on that note I actually have to go play my wife's literally texting me now to play this thing again so I'm out

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielmanicad6962 [4 likes]: First video I’ve watched from you channel, and as what everyone else is saying, your editing is off the charts. Way ahead of most very successful channels!  Subscribed!
  2. @DrBrooksNY [4 likes]: I am a 3d insert printing enthusiast and will print a new insert whenever I feel the original is substandard or less. I do think that it’s a bit of a tight fit with the full acrylic components (not including the terrain upgrade nor any game mats) and I am able to easily but tightly fit every thing without needing to print a different solution. I haven’t watched any repackaging videos because I’m surprised that people had that much difficulty. I took the cardboard out.
  3. @WyvernWrath [3 likes]: Vineyards you get one random bonus tile at the start, then get to pick another each time you complete a tier level on the vineyard board.

I was the same as you, I never played, knew of the game. I watched how to play and liked it. Went all in (played 5 times in the last week)!

Packing the box with the acrylic tiles is a problem. if you put all the tiles in their bags and get rid of the vineyard storage tray you can stack everything so the bags sit at the top and the lid shuts perfectly. (vineyard boards > playerboards + vineyard shop next to it > castles tray > gameboard + rulebook > goods insert tray>  tile bags)
Ill get some extra trays to sit on the top space for the coins + workers just for better gameplay, but they do fit in tray.
  4. @StormCrow42 [2 likes]: You get <player count> points per goods sold, not just 2.
  5. @ki0w0-lordofwatersheep [2 likes]: Love how they made the castle hexes actually colored burgundy lol
  6. @thegamesninja3119 [1 likes]: So, start'em off with Kingdom Builder and then get them into Castles after that.
  7. @johnricker7064 [1 likes]: Great job my friend!! I really enjoy CoB, but have the original, and now that you showed this I have to go on the Trade Hunt to find this edition.
  8. @parallaxe1 [1 likes]: Your explanations make it so easy to grasp the concept of the game. Awesome ❤
  9. @Van4theday [1 likes]: This is an amazing video. Just what I need to know. Plus one
  10. @devinhood6435 [1 likes]: Unbelievable production on this, so we’ll done!! Excited to see what you put out in the future!

Also, what we’re your thoughts on Trade Routes Expansions?
  11. @joukenienhuis6888: So always place your Castle in the middle?
  12. @sjleak1: This edition was my first experience with the game. I absolutely love the mechanics, but the theme is not even on my mind when I play. It’s just a puzzle. Compared to Lost Ruins of Arnak purchased the same week, it gets half or less as many plays. Endless fun tho, just not as thematic as I had hoped.
  13. @kennychan6645: I actually am in the minority I struggle to like this game…

The dice roll and when the tiles come out is way too random. It’s just impossible to layout a strategy with just a few workers that only lightly change your dice roll.

It is that frustration that there is something you want to execute on your board - but your dice roll just didn’t let you achieve it that made me difficult to love this game…
  14. @I_Saw_Stars: Production off the charts on this video!
  15. @windyhillbomber: Great video and summary
  16. @MaryJoSminkey: I'm so glad I sat down at the end of a long board game convention weekend to play this game (the original "ugly" version) for the first time, and absolutely fell in love with it. Haven't stopped playing it since as I usually am playing several games on BGA at any time. I was excited to back it on KS since no one in my local group of gamers owns it, but decided NOT to get the acrylic tiles, since the monastery ones do NOT have the hints on the back that the regular ones do. That for me is a must-have.
  17. @deanfukuhara9668: Awaken Realms must have really impressed with your videos as I see they quote your opinion on their latest Gamefound offering.  Seems like publishers are finding your content.  Congratulations and continued success!
  18. @ibarzabal: Hey awsome video! About the extra acrylic: yeah actually it all fits (a few workers wont fit, but you can put them in a bag), there is a guy who put some pictures on BGG to help on organizing them in.
I ended up putting everything in the box using the inserts that came in, except for the neoprene that I left out, and that extra box with 3D buildings, i kept that box with the 3d in it.
So, definitelly fit. I hope you can get the acrylic you missed soon, again thanks for the video!
  19. @StephenHill-et6ri: One of the best explanation videos I’ve seen. Love the detail you’ve described for each part of the game. 
I did get the extra acrylic tokens. Sorry, sort of.
  20. @Roundtablist: Played my first ever game last weekend and it was with the special edition, too.  I went all-in backing it on Gamefound including Sundrop - they look great, but honestly the miniatures are pretty superfluous.

- A look at The Castles Of Burgundy SPECIAL EDITION! | Comparisons & 5 things I love.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign hey guys it is Jenna what is up and welcome back to board game Garden today I am a little bit more zoomed out than I usually am because I really wanted to show you guys a lot of the components while I was talking but today we are going to be talking about the new special edition of the castles of burgundy which if you guys have been watching the board game Garden for a bit you know that castles of burgundy is one of my favorite games it is in my top 20 I believe I put it at number 17 but since discovering that I can play this game solo and I've been playing a little a lot on BGA it has definitely moved up a bit for sure so when you guys see my next you know favorite board games it will most likely be a little bit further up but today we're going to be talking about like I said the new special edition of the castles of burgundy that has recently um gone on sale again they had it up on Kickstarter a while back they had a amazing amazing successful campaign and they have actually reopened the um pledge manager I believe that's what it's called so if you do want to check it out if it's something that you think you'd be interested in I will have all the links down below so you guys can go check that out um you do have like another opportunity to get this fantastic edition of the castles of burgundy and I'm just really really excited to chat about this today we are going to get into this video today I'm going to quickly go over the gameplay of castles of burgundy if you've never heard of it before and then I am going to go over all of the new things and comparisons between the two um this is the one that we have this is the fifth anniversary one here I do also want to mention they sent us another copy of this we did already have this before but they did send a copy of um it along with the Prototype and it was in Polish and the funny thing is is that our friends Tom and Asha Tom is actually polish so we ended up gifting the Polish version of the castles of burgundy to them so I thought that was pretty cool but this is the copy that we've had for a few years now and I absolutely love it but I'm going to be showing you differences between the two and then we'll end this video with my like five favorite things about the game and then a few things that I think should be changed or could be improved upon and then that will be the video so without further Ado if you guys want to continue watching hear all about the new things that come along with the special edition of the castles burgundy then just keep on watching and let's get into this video shall we okay so if you've never heard of the castles of burgundy this is a game that is designed by Stefan Feld and it is from Aaliyah or ravensberger published by them and this is the second edition there is a other Edition I have never had that one so I can't really compare to that one but this one here is the fifth anniversary edition and that's what I'm going to be comparing it to and basically you are a I don't know if you're like Royal yeah I think you're royalty and you are planning out your dutchie not 100 sure what a Dutchie is I'm assuming it's like your kingdom I'm gonna call it a kingdom but in the game it is called a dutchie and basically on your turn you are going to be rolling two dice and you are going to be doing two actions with those two dice it's pretty simple overall just like the basic premise of the game every single turn you're going to be rolling two dice and doing two actions that is it and with those two actions comes all of the complexity and the puzzle in this game which is one of my favorite things about the Castle's burgundy is just the puzzle like to be honest with you I could not even care about the theming of this game I just love the puzzle of placing these tiles and trying to get the most points in different ways all of the tiles are doing something different and it's just such a fantastic fantastic puzzle that I love and with this special edition they have added The Vineyards expansion which even adds more to that puzzle which is one of my favorite things so on your turn with the two dice that you rolled you will be either using that dice number to take one of the tiles from the main board there are different sections and each section is a die number and you can take from that section if you roll that specific die number so for example if I roll the two I could use that two to take from the two section and I might take this beige tile here and place it in my storage the other thing that you can do is you can use that die so I could use this four here and I could take the tile that I have in my storage so this beige castle and I could use it to place it in a four spot on my board I will be showing you guys some b-roll as I chat but those are the two two main actions another action that you can do is you can just use a die to get for workers workers are these guys here that allow you to mitigate your diet in order to do more things so you are able to use a worker to put your die up one or down one in order to change and be able to place it or take different things a really nice part of the game and then you can also use a die number to sell Goods which the goods in the new edition are like nice thick pieces of like wood which I think is fantastic I think it like really gives the vibe of it being like a box like a wooden box of goods I just love it very very much each good does have a die number associated with it so you have to use that Associated die number in order to sell that specific good and I believe that is everything for all of the main actions in castles of burgundy but they do have the new added Vineyards expansion which with a die number you can then take I don't know if you guys can see here but you have this little section here of new vineyard tiles which are actually double hexes which is interesting because if you do take these they do take up more like spot or more space in your storage so it's kind of a little bit of a risk taking those because cause then you're hoping oh I need to place this in the vineyard as soon as possible or it is taking up two spots in my storage so those are all of the actions that you can do with your die I do want to quickly mention that each game is played over five rounds and each of those five rounds have five different phases or five different turns for each player so you will be having 25 turns throughout the entire game to do different things and I did forget to mention that the White die is actually rolled at the beginning of each turn by just one player and that actually determines where the good for that round goes so that's kind of how you keep track of which round you're in the beginning of that round you roll the die if it's a two I would take the next good and place it in the two Depot which that is what the little dice sections on the main board are called from one to six Depots so the main thing with this game is taking the tiles that you have put into your storage and putting them into your duchy this is how you're going to be getting points this is how you're going to be getting different abilities and all of those things so I wanted to quickly go through all the tiles and what they do so you have the blue tiles which are the ship tiles those allow you to take all of the goods from one Depot on the main board that allows you to then sell your goods selling your goods it gets you more victory points as well as silver which you can use to purchase more tiles from the middle section of the board you then have the mines which the mines are the black or the dark gray ones and those allow you to get more coins at the end of each round so it's based off of how many Minds that you have in your duchy at the time that a round is over so for example if I had two mines in my duchy at the end of the first round I would get two coins which is great because you can use two coins to buy anything from the middle and put it into your storage you then have the livestock tiles which I think these are my favorite I am the type of person that definitely goes for my livestock pretty early in the game and I really try to get as much points with that because it is such a fantastic way to get points basically they each have a different type of animal on it and you get a victory Point per animal on that tile and if you place a tile beside that tile with the same type of animal it actually adds the tile from before so if I had a tile with three goats and I placed another tile beside it with two goats I would actually add the three to the two and I would get five for that so it's really nice multiplier there that is the livestock and then you also have the red which I'm not gonna lie uh these used to be a dark green in the game and this is just like a little thing for me just because I've played it castles a burgundy so many times in the past but I've just gotten it in my head that the castles are dark green and they did change it to a burgundy color which makes full sense this game is called the castles of burgundy but I just like in my head I'm like no they should be green but um they are red and they can actually be replaced by these guys right here these are some fantastic Miniatures that I will show you guys later when we go over all the new stuff but um you can place a castle there that then allows you to get one free action it's basically like you have another die with any die number on it that you want and you just get to do whatever you want with that die so that's a really good way to kind of get more tiles or be able to place a tile that you've been having in your storage for a while and then lastly we have the two of the more um versus not versatile there's just a lot of different ones Within These two groups so you have your beige tiles which are buildings each building is something different you could place a building that would get you two coins you could place a building that gets you for workers you could place a building that allows you to take a castle or a mine from the main board all the buildings do something different and the nice thing is that they do have a whole sheet here that tells you what all the buildings do and then it also tells you the next tile that I'm going to be going over which is the monasteries so those are the yellow tiles and these are just different abilities that you can use throughout the game if you have that tile in your dutchie or they're going to be end game scoring I really enjoy using the beige and the yellow tiles I just think it gives you a lot of replayability with the game and it allows you to try different combinations and different things in your dutchie every single time so really enjoy that but that is going to be everything for kind of the game you're going to be playing over five rounds and five phases so 25 turns in total and whoever has the most points at the end wins I didn't go over everything in full but I'm sure most of you know how to play castles of burgundy I just wanted to quickly go over everything for those of you who haven't so moving on to everything that is new in the special edition of the castles of burgundy here um I am very impressed with the um production of this this is actually a prototype and I just like can't believe that it can get better than this I'm very excited to see the finished product in the future so the first upgrade or new thing that I want to chat about is the double layered boards this is something that I really really enjoy in the new edition this is what the board in this edition of Castle's burgundy looks like it's just like a cardstock it's good it works um but when you compare it to something like this which is the new double layered boards from the new edition it just wow this makes the game so much nicer to play it kind of gives me like a Sagrada Vibe where you have the thing that you just slip in there and then you also have this acrylic piece that you slip in there as well and it allows you to have all the tiles line up nicely not move around which as someone that is a perfectionist this means the world to me like I just love this so much so it's really easy to pick out your map there are a bunch of them and they are two-sided so you can just place in whatever one you want and then you have a little thing that goes over top which is great so that I really enjoy and then all of the other parts of the double-sided board you have the places for your goods and your workers and your money your dice the nice thing about this is that it has a place for your unused dye and then you move it over to here for your used die and then you also have a spot here if you are the person that rolls the white dye and then you have your storage down here so this is one upgrade that I thought was absolutely amazing the next thing is that the tiles are quite a bit bigger than the ones in the past game I don't know if you guys are going to be able to see the difference here but they are 30 bigger which is really really nice and they just feel a lot nicer they're a lot more of a sturdy cardboard and also one of the other best things about the new tiles is that it actually has what the tile does on the back before you didn't have anything on the back it never really told you what each tile does so if you are a little bit newer to the game and also all of like the different buildings and stuff it's kind of hard to like remember what all the buildings do and what all of the monasteries do so it's nice to have that there I will say though that like it doesn't really help you too too much with them all being on the board you still do have to like pick up that tile and then read what it does pick up this tile read what it does but I think it does really help overall to have that there um especially if you do have it in your storage and then you're like oh what does this do let me just quickly pick it up and read what it does another thing that also helps is the fact that they do have this nice sheet that you can have beside you you have what all of the different buildings do with all the different basic buildings do and then you also do have all the monasteries on the back which is great but all the monasteries do have what they do on the back all the basic um tiles as well and all the buildings so those are the tiles we then have the goods which the goods in the game before are just just like another cardboard piece but like I mentioned before they are now like a thicker wooden kind of material which makes it seem a lot more um like a box like a good like I said which I love the difference between that um you also have the what are these called basically when you complete one section of a color you do get additional victory points so you do have the if you get it first you get five six or seven points based off of player count and if you get it second then you get two three or four again based off of player count these are what they looked like in the game before and then now they do look like this I will be putting some b-roll like I said before just to kind of show you guys what they look like close up but again another great upgrade there and we also have the Miniatures which I believe these are something that you can upgrade to um if you just want the base game and you don't feel the need for these Miniatures um you don't have to get them and you can save a little bit of money there and then we also have the dice which are really really nice um I will be mentioning something about these a little bit later but the dice are nice the ones from before are just very very basic plastic dice nothing too crazy the white one the player colors there and then we do have the vineyard expansion which is all new to this special edition of castles burgundy it's pretty cool this board is a four layer board I have never seen that in my life um pretty awesome basically you are building out your Vineyard which I think is kind of cool it kind of brings two of my favorite games together the castles burgundy and viticulture into one which I love but it's basically giving you more things so when you do place one of these double Vineyard tiles on here you do get the two actions that you cover up so in this instance I could use a four to put this tile here I would get four workers as well as I could place a blue um so a ship tile or a livestock tile into my storage from the main board so this just gets you more abilities again like I said at the beginning like it gives you more pieces to the puzzle which just oh it's so fun and then with the vineyard expansion you do also have scoring tiles so once you have a group of a certain color grape if you have that coordinating grape colored scoring tile you place that scoring tile on that group of grapes and then you score accordingly there and then you get a new scoring tile from the pool of them so really love that there's different colors of grapes there's green grapes there's red grapes there's yellow grapes purple grapes I didn't know there's orange grapes I didn't know there were so many colors of grapes but hey so I think that is everything for new stuff I did mention the castles each player also does get a scoring marker it's like a little person which I will get to those in a second as well you get your own scoring marker I have one here for my character you also do have the option of just getting like the little standies here of each character in a frame and then each player also does have a little castle tower here which I think I actually forgot to mention but with the ship tiles the blue ones you take all the goods from one Depot and then you also do move up once on the player order track and the cool thing about these towers is that they do like stack which I think is very cool because in the player order track you can go on top of another player so I think that is really nice that they made them so they they could stack um but I believe that is pretty much everything new about the game um you also do have these bags these ones are just prototype they are like a leather material I don't know if they're going to be leather in the finishing product but these are really nice I did see some people say like if the um ability of the tile is on the back aren't you going to be able to tell what tiles are going to be going down but that is what the bags are for you can just blindly take out the tiles and place them down without seeing what they say um so each of those have a coordinating colored bag but yes I think that is going to be everything for all of the new stuff in the special edition of the castles of burgundy I do quickly also want to mention that all of the different expansions that were available in this version are going to be available in the new version as well they just didn't come with the Prototype We Got The Vineyards but we didn't get any of the other ones there is the trails expansion there's the shields expansion there's also so the solo variant there's going to be a new solo variant which I'm very very excited about basically in the old solo variant you are just trying to fill up your duchy which is a lot of fun but in the new solo variant that they're working on you are actually um against an AI which I think is going to be very very fun so that's awesome and then I believe there's like the team variant and different things there are a ton of different expansions in this game um and just like all of the stretch goals and stuff like I said I will link down below the campaign for it and everything that's available all the stretch goals oh my goodness there's just so much content but like I mentioned at the beginning of this video I do want to end off with the five things that I love the most about this special edition Castle's burgundy and then also just a few things that I didn't like as much so let's get into that shall we so the first thing that I really enjoy about the special edition of the castle the burgundy is the fact that they do have the writing on the back of the tiles I think this just makes the playing of the game so much easier a lot of people do say that in you know higher player counts three four um this game takes quite a long time and I think a lot of that is due to the fact that people have to kind of look up what each tile does it's really hard to remember when everything does especially like the yellow tiles since they're all different um all of the beige ones if you've played it enough you know I've started to kind of know what some of them do but I've forgotten a few of them as well so having that ability to just pick up a tile and quickly read what it says is so so nice um also having this help sheet here as well I did want to show you guys the help sheet from this Edition here was just like this it doesn't have any writing which I think it's really nice that they have included a slightly oopsie a slightly larger one that has writing and it is double-sided with all of the monasteries on the other side I think that is really really helpful so not only do they have it written on the back side but they do have that help sheet as well so that is one of my favorite things just for um increasing the playability of this and just the ease of playing I think that is a really really good thing that they added there my second thing is the acrylic little piece here I do have all the tiles in here now but you can still lift it up that actually allows you to clean up things a lot easier but this here again like I said being someone that is a big perfectionist when it comes to lining up tiles and the tiles all being straight that was one thing that kind of bugged me about castles of burgundy I was always trying to like straighten out my tiles and this just makes me so so happy I will say that like I wish it fit a little bit better it kind of does move around a little bit and all the tiles are not necessarily in the center of each of the hexes in the acrylic thing if that makes sense but that's like a perfectionist on another level I am a big perfectionist with tiles but anyways I really really enjoy that that is one of my other favorite things about this so that is number two the clear acrylic piece but moving from that my number three is what that acrylic piece is in and that is the double layered board I just think this is so fantastic just the fact that each component on your board has a little place to rest and if you do like shake your board a little bit nothing's going to be moving um your silver has a spot your workers have a spot your goods your storage your dice it just all sits in there and it's just so nice and secure I really really enjoy that um so that is number three double layer Board number four is the vineyard expansion I think this is fantastic it is just more of what I love so much in the castles of burgundy that puzzle of just getting as much as possible you guys know how much I love chaining things and being able to just get as much as possible in turn this just adds so much of that to the castles of burgundy so you have that there which I really really enjoyed and then lastly I think the number one thing that I love is kind of cheating because I have yet to actually play it but I think the new solo variant is going to be one thing that I love the most just because I've loved playing the other version of solo castles a burgundy with trying to fill up your board having another completely different way to play it solo is going to be absolutely amazing I'm very excited to try it have yet to actually try it so like I said I think this is a little bit cheating but being a solo gamer and being able to play one of your favorite games differently solo than you have played before is just something that I am very excited about so those are the five things that I really really loved about this new special edition of the castle Burgundy a few things that I don't like as much um one being the dice I do think that they are a little bit busy and it kind of confuses my eyes I think if they like I get what they were doing with like the fancy corner pieces but I think if the like Pips were a little bit closer together or a little bit smaller it would be a little bit better but just like the Pips being so close to the corner pieces kind of confuses my eyes and it looks a little bit weird so maybe they might change that um I don't know if they're changing things at this point but that is something that I don't love as much another thing would be the standees or the uh Miniatures of the players I'm going to admit they are a little bit creepy um you guys will see them a little bit closer up in the b-roll but they just creep me out I don't know what it is about them um I know that they are like busts I think that's what they're called like the statues with the no arms um and it makes sense for the um theming of the game but I just think they're so creepy so I don't know if I'll use those or I'll just stick to the little frame standies because I do like those as well um but they do make sense with the theme of the game I understand that but they're just a little bit creepy and then I think the only other thing is something that I mentioned before but just being someone that has played castles a burgundy a ton in the past changing from the dark green to the red is going to take a little bit of getting used to um but I totally understand it makes sense they changed it to like a red burgundy because it's literally the castles of burgundy so come completely understand that it'll just take me a little bit to get used to it also I do believe that it kind of makes sense for people that have issues with color because the livestock are like a lighter green and then the castles were darker green so it might have been a little bit difficult there to see the difference today's video hopefully you guys enjoyed seeing just a little bit of a sneak peek of the new special edition of the castles of burgundy like I mentioned I will have the link down below to the pre-order or the pledge manager um so you can go and check that out if you're interested in getting it they have a ton of stuff over there additional information about everything that I've talked about today I do also want to mention that they they did a great job in having this available for people in different price ranges you can get this at the base gameplay pledge where you just have everything that you need to play the game and then you can also go up to you know if you are a huge fan of the cast as a burgundy you you can get a ton of content for this you can even get like a Terrain pack that allows you to have these little Miniatures with every single tile which is amazing like that would just be so epic to play a game where all of the tiles are like Miniatures and that would be fantastic but yes just having all of those different options of like what level you can pledge at is absolutely fantastic and then again you can just stick with the more basic one here if you just enjoy castles a burgundy like this still plays amazing um it's just that this version just makes it a whole new experience the playability and the the ease of playing is a lot better with this one for sure so that is something that really matters to you then it might be something that you would be interested in so yes anyways uh thank you guys so much for joining me today if you enjoyed please give this video a big thumbs up and comment down below I love chatting to you guys down in the comments subscribe if you have yet to do so I do have a goal by the end of 2022 I would love to have the board game Garden reach 10 000 subscribers that would be absolutely amazing so if you guys want to join the garden we'd love to have you here and help me reach that goal but yeah I love you guys so much remember you are somebody's reason to smile and I will see you in the next board game video bye friends

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBoardGameGarden [16 likes]: Hey friends! I mentioned they had this up on Kickstarter but it was actually Gamefound! Just wanted to correct myself there. Enjoy the video! 😊
  2. @jadeboule3602 [2 likes]: You convinced me, I late pledge it even though I never played castle of burgundy 🙈 I just know I’m gonna love it, we have very similar taste
  3. @beastmode8985 [2 likes]: I'm pretty new to board gaming and was just about to order the 20th anniversary edition off of Amazon, but I think you've convinced me to spring for this new edition.
  4. @danielluckenbaugh5674: I bought Obsession 2nd edition and the Upstairs,  Downstairs expansion and then the 20th anniversary edition of Burgundy to start May! BGA does not have everything for Burgundy! I am exploring Trade Routes right now and will add the Shields next with four of the 11a-f boards.  The new hexes are great!

Also, Viticulture and the Tuscany expansion, both Essential, are on my shelf as well! 😃
  5. @CompulsiveEDC: I just started looking into this and then I noticed the Gamefound pledge ends tomorrow!!  Even though I haven’t played it, I love board games and made the jump! I did the splendid pledge.  The only accessory missing is the 3D Buildings which I’m ok with! The tiles and castles will make it for me!  Thanks for the review!
  6. @josephgarcia9076: Can't wait! The special edition gets here today! I got it from Zulus games in WA at $ 135.
  7. @josephgarcia9076: I often have high anxiety and I find that your channel and Foster the Meeple are the ones that come across the calmest and easiest to listen to. ❤️
  8. @curtisnewton895: did you use to be a man ? I dont mean any offense asking this. just curious
  9. @Groovestonenz: Gone all in on this one! Great video thank you! Enjoy the style in which you've shot it too, wothnnicd close ups. But did I miss the B roll? I didn't see it at the end.
  10. @VinegarAndSaltedFries: I am so excited for this one. Backed it on Gamefound looks gorgeous for what is an absolutely amazing design.
  11. @bmrigs: Very thorough overview and comparison to previous versions. One tip, get those pretty hands a manicure before doing these videos ;-p.
  12. @ZioZs_Builds: I'm interested in donating for the game. What happens if we add to the pledge? Will they send me a prototype? I'm not sure how this works
  13. @jksgameshelf3378: So excited to get this. Definitely in my top 5!
  14. @frankmeredith2422: Another great review. I passed on this the first time around. Now I’m backing it. Thanks!
(They owe you a commission 😀)
  15. @Ipazc: I`m really shocked by the dice`s design. I think they tried to make that details right on the corners, but the factory misinterpreted or the where unable to do it.
  16. @nicole_vt: Is it worth to get the special edition vs the anniversary edition, especially looking from a solo gamer point of view? And is it possible. Pretty please to do a solo game play through/review of the special edition version 🌸
  17. @JephStahl: Is the clear acrylic piece in the base game?  or do you need the acrylic tile add-on to get that?
  18. @mariaroginska6383: All good energy from Poland :) I really enjoy your videos, thank you! This special edition is so beautiful. Hope to have opportunity to play it.
  19. @knitlobe1305: Only took me 30 secs to subs to ur channel. Keep up the good work!😊
  20. @jurgenvalksvalkie7170: Very cool preview video, I did a full pledge on this game. Can't wait for next year to play it!

- Ultimate Wine Collector’s List: Legendary Bottles Every Serious Collector Needs!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Entrepreneurial Edge, where craft meets investment. Today, we're diving into the world's most legendary wines. The bottles every serious collector dreams of. From Burgundy to Napa, these icons are more than just wine. Their history, art, and benchmarks of excellence. Ready to discover the ultimate road map for building a worldclass seller? Let's begin. Burgundy's crown jewel is Domandela Roman Conti or DRC. With its minuscule production and hauntingly complex pino noir, owning a bottle is the ultimate collector's statement. DRC is not just wine. It's the pinnacle of rarity, artistry, and prestige. In Bordeaux, Chateau Lefit Rothschild stands as the king of first growths. Its legendary vintages like 1982 combine power, elegance, and ageworthiness, making Lefit a blue chip essential for any seller. To own Lefit is to own a piece of Bordeaux's noble legacy. Chateau Marggo, the Queen of Bordeaux, is all about finesse and aromatic beauty. Its seamless texture and unforgettable bouquet make it a must for collectors who value elegance. Margot is the epitome of grace in a bottle. Sotern's Chateau Dem is the world's greatest sweet wine. Liquid gold with vibrant acidity and astonishing longevity. Bottles can age for a century, making EM a true treasure for special occasions. Every collector needs this nectar in their seller. Henry Jer's wines from Burgundy, especially Crow Parentu, are legendary for their purity and rarity. Jer's vision changed wine-making and his bottles are now unicorns. Liquid history for the true connoisseur. Owning Jayer is owning a piece of genius. Sasakaya revolutionized Italian wine, introducing Bordeaux blends to Tuscan coast. Its elegance and consistency, especially in vintages like 1985, make it a global icon. Sasakaya is the original super tuskcin every Italian collection needs. In Piedmont, Montfortino by Jakamo Contino is the benchmark for Bolo and Nebio. Monumental structure and complexity reward decades of patience. Montfortino is the soul of Bolo, a king among wines. Medo from Tuskany's blue clay soils is Italy's answer to Petrus, a Merllo of opulence and cult status. With tiny production and immense demand, it's a modern icon for collectors. Meetto is the pinnacle of Italian Merllo. Napa's screaming eagle is the ultimate cult cabernet. Scarce, coveted, and flawless in balance. Its debut vintage became an instant legend, and every bottle is a collector's trophy. Screaming Eagle is the badge of honor for New World wine lovers. Harland Estate, Napa's first growth, delivers depth, power, and ageworthiness. Its Bordeaux style blend is a cornerstone for any serious American collection. Harlon is ambition and pedigree in a bottle. Spain's Vega Sicilia Unico is legendary for its extended aging and kaleidoscopic complexity. Tempano and Cabernet Sovenon blend into a wine of timeless elegance. Unico is the ultimate Spanish collectible. Egon Mueller's Chartzoff Ber TBA is the world's most coveted reling. Electrifying, sweet, and nearly immortal. Microscopic production and breathtaking intensity make it a white wine legend. This is the connoisseur's Rezling. Australia's Penfolds Graange is a Shiraz icon renowned for power, complexity, and ageability. From secret beginnings to global fame, Graange is a must for any international seller. It's the flagship of Australian wine. On Bordeaux's right bank, Chateau Shioal Blancc blends Cabernet Franc and Merllo for a wine of unique aromatic depth. Legendary vintages and intellectual appeal set it apart. Shioal Blancc is the pinnacle of rightbank elegance. Krug Clo Dumez Neil is champagne's rarest single vineyard blanc. Its precision, intensity, and aging potential make it a jewel for collectors. Cloanil is champagne at its most profound. [Music] These 15 wines are the foundation of a legendary collection. Each bottle is a benchmark history, artistry, and investment in liquid form. Buy from trusted sources, store them properly, and track great vintages. Diversify your seller for both value and pleasure. This list is your starting point for a collection that inspires and endures. Thanks for joining this journey through the world's greatest wines. Subscribe for more insights from Entrepreneurial Edge. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EntrepreneurialEdgeMastery: 💫PLAYLIST: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEXAuJqbWLX6T5RS0XInkB2vcOjhJu6TV&si=jwMx-GUpqzr_l-dh 
✨ VIRAL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXHATqdLw2I&t=77s 
🔔SUBSCRIBE: @EntrepreneurialEdgeMastery

- A Taste That’s Eternal — The Legendary Wines of Robert Drouhin: Kind: captions Language: en we're in sellers of drama in the center of the Burgundian wind rain boner is obviously throughout the centuries the place where the great wines of Burgundy have been sold and therefore it has a history of people who really understand why I understand the trade it is a fascinating viticultural region of the most extraordinary vineyards [Music] the house of Drew has been in existence since 1880 the hard truth is here embalming it was a very special surprise when I first heard about drawing that he might have some on the wines from his personal that he would like other people to enjoy so si I don't think really one could have imagined before we came here and saw them exactly what there was in this jewel box of our personal cell phone this is because from 1928 through to the early 60s dryer was the sole distributor for the wives of the men demand equality for France and for Belgium we're looking at four important decades a little from the 1930s but then majoring on the 1940s 1950s 1960s and these are great decades with some extraordinary vintages and years and historic landmarks in the wine world the demand alone romanée-conti is the most famous estate in Burgundy algebra it's the master famous has stayed anywhere in the world combines of course extraordinary quality fascinating facets of taste with being very limited in quantity unhappily but that sightings in this extraordinary personal seller there are the five different vineyards of the Menominee culture issues or girls issues or a wonderful range of the great rich Ward and then the to repeat gems that - and Hawaii County itself what you're looking at with his demeanor or any country wines which are made in such more new quantities is some of the most famous vintages mythical words to be able to see in one part of this special seller 1945 let - and then you see 1945 hominy County both of which stuff of dreams are made of these then you have this wonderful heart formulas like 1947 and 1959 the wines have a richness term which comes from their Clement climate when you open a great ol bottle of these legendary you almost have to wait for them to talk to you you haven't got huge power flown fruit coming at you what you've got is myriad different flavors and complexity from sandalwood smokiness assertive dried fruits you got all that as a sensation in your mouth and then when you have followed them that taste that's left in your mouth is almost eternal I think it's almost unheard of that a seller of such treasures can become available to anyone in the world who happens to be passionate about fine wine because there really is no normal opportunity to get these wines it's an enormous privilege to be the intermediary here between the family and the people who eventually own and I hope drink these wines with a nearest and dearest because you will be giving anyone who has the opportunity to share a memory of the lifetime you

  Top Comments:
  1. @flashladderacrobat [11 likes]: I love good wine, but sometimes I wonder if in the future people will think how crazy we were to pay upwards of $40,000 a bottle, that's $5700.- a glass! Just  like we think how crazy the Dutch were during the tulip mania in the early 17th century.
  2. @stigbredsgaard1042 [6 likes]: Brilliant move to make the music so loud, one couldn't hear Serena.

Apart from that, it was very good.
  3. @plapoytasplapi1013 [6 likes]: I d rather have a pepsi
  4. @dmr11235 [5 likes]: I love her, she’s got the perfect vibe to be announcing this sale
  5. @spectator1996 [5 likes]: “Available to anyone in the world who happens to be passionate about fine wine”—well, maybe not just anyone
  6. @artisticsyko [2 likes]: Glorious!
  7. @alexreyna1508 [1 likes]: Back in '81 I bought Andre Simon's Wines of the World and Serena Sutcliffe was the editor on that book or maybe she co-wrote it or something, I've always seen her name but never, ever thought to look her up on google or youtube so when I saw this video with her name on it I recognized her immediately, she seems like a charming person, it would have been awesome to have met Andre himself. Elon doesn't care too much about keeping material things, that's cool, but if I were even a millionaire I think I'd go from chateau to chateau, vineyard to vineyard seeing if I could either buy or pay for a taste here and there, that would be fun, imagine winning as much as you could at all of the auctions, WOW!!
  8. @zjkingsley7 [1 likes]: "Beaune is the place where all the great wines of Burgundy have been sown"....  Now take a look at this collection of DRCs
  9. @jerzystruczak782: she is so sexy    who show DRC when it is drouhin!?    i lov drouhin montrachet most of 5/6 others    NA ZDROVIE
  10. @guitar911rock: i wish sothebys didnt take down the site for results. these wines have easilty doubled if not tripled from this sale i'm sure of it
  11. @kristiannelson1851: I have just come across this.  And man, is this an exquisite video!  Very well done!  Burgundy can use this as tourism video as well.
  12. @Juniper-v4i: Hype
  13. @adyb.2357: ❤
  14. @apsetiadi: Legendary wines as presented by an Upper RP lady. Nothing could be more appropriate.
  15. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫
  16. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫
  17. @ronmcmartin4513: @0:30--"People who really understand the Trade" ...And for those who don't? Well, you just don't understand it. 
"What's the best wine you've ever sold?" ..."The wine that we're selling Today!" The Mantra of Burgundy.
  18. @Jsanc2075: Incredible. I'm absolutely blown away.
  19. @PauloAlmasFashionDesignerStyle: Incredible fabulous
  20. @jan-paulschladitz9059: First

- Chardonnay and Burgundy: Kind: captions Language: en first of all to understand chard you have to remember and realize that Chardon is the son of pinoir most of the people do not know that but here p is the father and as every variety of grape a father and a mother create children and ponir plus another variety of grape not very well known that forget which is called guon I've had one child and this child is Chardon it has been proven by DNA analysis in the past in the recent years so it's something that we are sure of so there is a link between Chardon and pinoir it's the the same the same family of course we have been producing Chardon here for a very very long time but Chardon with minerality Chardon produced on calare on Limestone where you have this impression of of grip which are pure for me Chardon must be like that I am very careful because Chardon is an easy variety of GRA goes nearly everywhere you can plant chard it's easy it's it works nearly everywhere but the problem of Chardon is that it gets easily too ripe too fruity too round uh too much we don't want that we want a Chardon that where you have a very long after taste but where you have vibration which are like that like that and that's why you know we are a little sad to to have seen that sometimes people uh don't understand what Shing is about but of course we also have to realize that for us we never call our wine by the name Chardon because we call the wine by the place so it has taken a long time for people to realize that all the white wine of burgundy are from the shardon gra sh pu they are all 100% from Char but it was not a tradition for us to write the name Char on the label and actually 10 years ago you would have gone to Paris and ask to a french guy in the street do you know what is satday would have said I have no idea it's a flower it's whatever I have no idea because we did not have this Tradition now of course we have probably be a little more open and we have understood that the name Chardon was a key to open the door for certain customer uh in many many countries so on our basic Bon blond we usually put our on our label the name Chardon to say to the consumer it is B BL and it comes from Chardon but we would never do it on our grwi because we think that Chardon at the end is not that important more important ISO Oran it happens that it is Chardon that does the best on the soil and under the weather of burgundy but it's not important we have not chosen to plant Chardon in burgundy we have not chosen to plant ponir in burgundy ponir and Chardon have chosen burgundy it's very very important think about it very important uh they have chosen the place and they have chosen to be here because they they feel they feel good in burgundy