- The Wine Clip: How to Score a GREAT Deal on a Bottle of Wine - A Guide to Wine Auctions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey what's up Wayne Spears Indiana Macross it here at some vivant and I'm here in my office ie the wine cellar Press restaurant in Napa Valley where I'm the wine director fine wine online and an option or an option in person is one of the best ways to score great deal at a bottle of wine and find really unique things that you have a hard time finding otherwise as the curator of all things wine here at the restaurant I've definitely done my fair share of buying wine from auction from collectors and learning the ins and outs of buying these wines secondhand there's a lot of value to be had here and there's a lot of great deals to score but it's important that you know the ins and outs of the auction process and what to look for when you're deciding whether to make that big I'm here to break a few things down for you and make it a little bit easier to understand and to make sure that you get that perfect bottle of wine there is nothing more exhilarating than an auction it just gets your heart going you're very excited and as that clock ticks down you start to wondering am I gonna get the bottle I mean am I gonna get it at the price that I wanted it I love using types like wine vidcom K&L wines and of course some of the more classic like bottoms and Sotheby's that exists all around the country and offer some of their auction items online as well as in person so how does one approach the wine auction circuit well first things first I think it's always easiest to start online that's a little less intimidating than being there in person and it'll certainly allow you to make decisions that are in the comfort of your own home and not be persuaded by other people bidding against you in that room so let's start with the wine itself maybe you come across the bottle I'm really excited about maybe it's this 1975 Heights faith vineyard a really rare bottle a super cool bottle and you see it on auction and it looks like the right price but how do you know whether it's good well Providence is everything wines don't love to be moved around so much and they definitely love to be stored in perfect conditions meaning temperature controlled at about 60 degrees or lower with a little bit of humidity on their sides and of course away from the Sun the second we start moving blinds around is the second that quality can start to deteriorate so the first thing you're going to look for is how is this wine been stored the best two options are of course going to be either direct from the winery or from a professional wine storage facility subterranean cellars or refrigerated units are also great too but keep in mind that at times power can go out things can happen and the quality of the bottle could have been compromised so assess your conditions and assess what you're willing to risk the second thing you're going to assess is the fill level and what that means is the fill level the actual bottle you've got different variations of what that can be oxygen is a client's worst enemy and best friend too much of it is a bad thing but wines always want a little bit as why we have a cork in their corpse offer a little bit of oxygen exchange but we don't want too much or it speeds up the process and you turn the wine into the vinegar we can often detect how much oxygen stage has taken place by the level of wine that's in the actual bottle we call this foolish the higher the fill the more likely that bottle is going to be in good condition so what we're looking for is no lower than a top shoulder fill anything lower than that can indicate that the one could potentially be oxidized meaning it was exposed to more air than it should have been and potentially that being had a faulty quorum of Eros see pitch seepage is when the wine actually seeps out of the bottle and can indicate that the wine has been improperly stored seeing heat or had a faulty pork this is an example of a bottle that you don't want to be buying this is an example of a bottle that's at a very low fill the cork even fell in this is a bottle of wine that is most likely going to be nothing but vinegar this is a 1980 shook cellars Pinot Noir this bottle looks absolutely fantastic the field at the top of the base here it looks great that color looks great there's no signs of seepage the cork is not pushing which is another great indication this is what we consider absolutely premium and optimal for purchasing a wine after you've assessed whether or not the bottle is in good enough condition for you to make a bid on now you need to consider the price the price that you choose to bid is not going to be the final price of what you end up paying most wine option houses have what's called a premium a buyer's premium which is an additional percentage tacked on to the winning bid meaning if you purchased a bottle for $20 at auction your is going to likely be somewhere between a 15 and 20 percent premium tacked on to that factor in tax and shipping and you can have a much more expensive bottle than you intended on buying in the first place keep in mind that most wine option ocess will not accept a return for a faulty bottle be willing to take the risk and be willing to take the gamble but do your research ahead of time to mitigate what could possibly happen once that bottle arrives I've personally had a lot of luck with auctions but I've also had a few misses as well buying wine tomaten is not an exact science and you can definitely find yourself at a loss but by and large there's a lot of great deals and a lot of value to be had and a lot of fun bottles that you wouldn't normally be able to find normally at your own local wine shop or even at the winery thank you all so much for watching I hope you found this helpful and I will see you all again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @sanjaypatelmd4669: I love your job!
  2. @JackyBlisson: Great video. Very informative! Providence is definitely everything.

- Q&A #052 tips for wine auctions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hi and welcome to sh this week we're going to talk about wine which is no surprise but we're also going to talk about auctions I'll see you in a few seconds hi and indeed welcome to a sh and I hope you had a wonderful week we're back for this week's Q&A and this week we're going to talk about wine and wine auctions and the question is is it possible to make good deals with wine auctions well the short answer is yes but now you know me and you know that when I say yes there's always a butt coming next and indeed there is a butt for wine auction so a wine auction is fairly easy you've got AA many different wies you should know what what you're bidding for and you're going to bid and you're going to bid against different people and who comes first wins the price actually not doesn't win it wins the right to pay for the price which is a bit different so how should you go about an auction well to me the first stage if you don't want to make any mistake is really to get ready to prepare yourself and that's a lot of work beforeand hand so you need to know about the wine its name the domain the Vintage and the potential quality of that wine most times you're going to find that an auction comes with what I call a catalog that's a list of the wines and you're going to find all this information plus information about maybe a price limit starting price which is always important but also information about the way the bottle is is the label intact in is the level in the wine eye or down so those information are going to be massively important for you so you're going to take all of that and then you're going to search for some kind of price and you can go for a different website you can even call Wine Growers shouldn't say that but you can call wi Growers most of the time you're going to find information on internet so you can check what level the price should be according to that or this wi so really that's the one step you shouldn't Miss that's the one step that will give you an advantage on other biders because some of them are just amateurs so they're going to come here and say whatever they want some of them are Pros so they already know all of that so they don't really need to prepare but your ability to get prepared to get ready is going to make the difference during the auction now there are two different types of wines you're going to find in an auction and there are two different types at least of auctions first one is a classical auction so you've got the catalog you've got all the wines most of the time it's going to be wines coming from a restaurant Vass clue or from a personal seller so those are classical you're just going to bid based on that sometimes you're going to find amazing bottles and then there are auctions for a cause which are a bit different um because you basically bid for a while but you're also ready to maybe go a bit further just to give some some cash to that Cod and in these otions you're going to find amazing ones and you're just going to find the regular ones the ones you can actually buy directly from the wine grower and that leads me to talk to you about the type of wines you're going to find in an auction the first type is really the risky one so those are wines that are not known those are wines that you can find everywhere you want maybe there are an older vintage but that's about it and if you add to that the bottles that don't have any leg CES or the bottles are too low with their level then that's the risky part of an O the other part are the interesting wines interesting wines are from domains that are very well known or wines that you can't really find anywhere or an interesting vintage or an interesting bottle I.E a big one and this is the one I would probably consider basing all my work on but keep in mind in this category competition is going to be quite tough so how should you deal with all that well the first advice I can give you is really to come up with your own personal price I.E because you've prepared yourself you've got a price and you've got a limit and you should always start bidding with that in mind I.E don't go above that limit and believe me if you don't do that before the auction you're going to come to the auction and because it's I mean it's a wonderful time and everybody's actually bidding and you want the bottle so you might be tempted to just say 10 more EUR and end up with paying 100 more EUR to what you've expected so that's the one thing to do come wave one pricing man and don't go above that price the second advice I can give you is before you actually bid go to auctions without bidding just those are training options go there you don't to you just see you observe you see what is happening and you bid in your head and you see how everything goes so you get yourself ready to that atmosphere that Ambiance and maybe when you start bidding you won't be affected by this kind of a interesting atmosphere and then the last advice is go for it go for it I mean until you tried it yourself until you beat your own money you can't really know how it's going so at some stage you're going to have to try maybe don't be on big bottles on big prices go for the easier ones so to get that knowledge that experience of how it works and maybe you're going to find that you're making amazing deals and sometimes as we've all done you're going to basically crash I.E you're going to buy bottles that are far too expensive for what they are that's the name of the game now one last thing always remember that the price you're giving is not the final price in addition to that you're going to have commission this commission is going to be for the organization of all that so again when you prepare your price be sure to know what the commission is going to be for that auction and add it to your price limit because if you spend I don't know €1,000 you know that's not the check you're going to have to write it's probably going to be closer to 1,200 so again be prepared and read all the small prints I hope that answered your question if you do have questions send them over through social media with Facebook YouTube Twitter and Instagram you can also just ask me in the shop if you want to if those videos are interesting to you you can actually follow And subscribe on all social media you're going to find photos videos recipes free content I hope you're going to have a wonderful week and we'll see each other very soon remember keep on daing bye-bye

- Best Wine Auctions - How to place a bid: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our quick guide on how to place a bid on best wine auctions.com today we'll be walking you through the process step by step first open your web browser and go to best wine auctions.com once you're on the page click the go to auction button to get started next use the filter on the left in this case we select France and then champagne in the search field type the name of the wine you're interested in scroll down to find the specific lot you're interested in click on the lot to view the details here we have the details for the selected lot let's briefly go over the important information including vat vat over buyer premium and the buyer's premium itself if you're interested in this lot you can add it to your wish list by clicking the heart icon all the Lots you're interested in are shown on the top right click on the person and click on tracker now let's go over the different bidding options you can place a standard bid by entering your amount here alternatively you can set an auto bid also known as a proxy bid this allows you to enter the maximum amount you're willing to bid in case your initial bid is overbid for this demonstration we'll place a bid of €190 after entering your bid click Place bid once you've placed your bid check your email for a confirmation message let's switch to your email account to see the confirmation here's the confirmation email ensuring your bid has been placed successfully and that's it you've successfully placed a bid on best auctions.com happy bidding and may the best bidder win thanks for watching for more tips and tutorials subscribe to our Channel or visit best wine auctions.com

- Wine at Charity Auctions - A Complete Guide Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everybody AUA Anis from generosity auctions today I want you guys to buckle up this is a 15 part series there will be 15 short little videos and they are all about wine at your auctions or wine auctions if you are contemplating making your event a wine focused wine auction event you need to watch the series before you dive in wine is super duper hot we're going to talk all about it but first if you haven't subscribed to my channel you definitely should the link is right down here we are providing free great useful content for your charity event your fundraising auction your silent auction your school auction all kinds of fundraising tips and tricks right here twice a week it's free it's useful we want you to raise as much money as possible let's get into the video wine I should have a glass of wine I should really have a glass of wine I think I'm going to go get a glass of wine all right we got wine let's get started wine is hot wine is a big Trend right now Costco has an enormous section traiter Joe's Safeway Kroger wine is is a big big seller wine sales are up all across the country and the biggest charity auctions in the country in the United States they are wine events we're talking auction Napa Valley Sonoma wine weekend dest Naples Sun Valley these are all we have walaw Wala they're all wine auctions tip number one know your statistics if you are going to focus your event around wine if you are looking to get wine at your event not just donated but you're looking for a winery to come pour you need to know your statistics what sells in your area you also need to know what wineries are in your area meaning what wine is being exported to your local area now I live in somoma we have tons of Sonoma wine tons of Nappa wine we have wine all the way up to men and down to Santa Barbara St Louis abiso but if you live in for example Chicago what wines are being sold in Chicago when you find out what wines are being sold in Chicago you can then Target wines that want to get into the Midwest Market or wines that have a small footprint that are looking to enlarge so you have to know your statistics where do you find these statistics you can call your alcohol board your ABC the alcohol board commission I think that's what it called I don't know but I do know it's called the ABC that's your ABC license where you get it from you can also go talk to a wine shop and see what's selling well you can walk into any Trader Joe's any Safeway ask them what is very popular what do people drink in your area that's really really important to know I would also look into calling an alcohol distributor there are alcohol Distributors all around the country and you should call them and find out what is what product is moving the most and that will steer you in a direction of you'll know who to Target and who not to Target so if your Market is oversaturated with chardonay maybe you need to look at a penino ggio vitner who is really looking to come into the Chicago Market once you know your statistics then you can reach out to those specific Wineries and you can give them the statistics you can say look Pino gregio is really hot in Chicago it's a big Market we'd like you to come to our event we'd like you to pour we would love you to be featured at our event give them the statistics lure the wineries to your event but you can only do that if you know your statistics that is tip number one stay tuned for tips number two through 15 a lot to know about wine auctions a lot to know about wine I'm probably going to pour myself another glass

- Tips for Bidding on Your Next Wine Auction: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is Richard and I'm coming to you from Heritage auctions in Beverly Hills and we're sitting here with Frank Martell director of fine and rare wine okay and Frank is the wine expert now how do you acquire the wines that you put into this auction about 90% of the Consignments come from private individuals who either no longer can drink for medical reasons or sometimes they've just got too much wine in the seller that they're thinning out now when somebody buys the wine is it bought by the bottle or by the case Lots vary in size we prefer to sell in cases if there are solid cases to be sold uh where somebody may have quantities of 11 or 10 or nine if they consumed a few bottles we'll sell a six and a three um or if it's very high value stuff sometimes we do sell by the bottle now is there an inspection period that a consumer can look at the wines there is for the two weeks leading up to the auction we have all our lots available for preview um on appointment basis but um you know everything is stored right here in North Hollywood so it's easy access for anybody in the LA area who wants to head out we also feature uh a number of photographs and uh certainly anybody can request photographs with greater detail than we may have posted online this is sold um online and in person we have a unique platform we actually run two separate auctions one of them is Internet only and that runs for the first week of every month there we tend to put the smaller quantities lower value stuff that's still very high quality but it's really intended for consumption we also feature signature sales which begin bidding online similar to an eBay or um you know any of the any number of the other internet auction sites where you can see the reserves and the current bid levels what are some of the highest prices you've gotten for a bottle of wine uh we did we did a few really solid results this past weekend we did a 177,000 hammer for uh a case of 95 DRC assortment we we hammered a case of 89 opron at 16,000 there were two bottles of 62 Russo clab Bez which hammered at 6500 what would something like this go for are these sure okay these were actually samples that we did pour during the auction um while we're not featuring pre-auction tastings at the moment these were selections that came out of uh a couple of the Consignments that we offered to people who came into the bidding room so we've got a 95 lure which at the moment is trading around $700 a bottle um 90 muton which is trading around $350 a bottle and 2002 donon that's trading around $140 $160 a [Music] bottle opening tips for somebody who is just beginning to buy an auction or just beginning to collect wine is to first and foremost don't chase anything there's a lot of wine out there and there's no reason to take yourself uh into a bidding war and an attachment for something that doesn't really mean something to you um second advice is really important that you try a lot of different wines a lot of people will settle into one particular brand or one particular vintage and the truth is if you give yourself the exposure there's a lot of wines and a lot of vintages that'll end up making you very very happy depending on your day some things you want to drink by the side of the pool and other things you want to drink with dinner but it's not going to necessarily be the same wine people who are new to buying and collecting and drinking wines generally tend to start with the California labels because they're very easy to understand you have the name of an estate you have a vintage and you have uh the name of the grape so you have a very easy time isolating the sort of things that really excite you and the things that you don't like in fact in a lot of cases in California specifically you'll learn at a very accelerated Pace because it's easy to say what you don't like about wines um if you're buying to invest I think you probably need to consider more of the classics the old French wines um the prestigious Estates of Bordeaux and burgundy where you've got the opportunity to take a real look at where market conditions have been uh what sort of Trends you have and and where you can effectively put your money away now that Frank has gone over everything with us and he shown us that he is an expert we're going to give him a little test here we have a wine that we've purchased and we'd like to see if you could identify this um I'm going to pour this very carefully into the glass here M smell that Aroma get your nose way into that okay and here Frank is now swirling it around is oh this is very nice I can't believe I've never sold something like this okay what what what would you say that is conquered grape juice maybe oh my God Mana shevet just in time for Passover conquered grape there he goes conquered grape all right well thank you Frank we appreciate your time and that's all we have to say here that's your daily fix from auction addiction

  Top Comments:
  1. @jdones5475: The cameraman sucks......

- Inside Scarecrow: The Hollywood Story Behind Napa's Iconic Cult Wine: Kind: captions Language: en I've visited more than 600 wineries in 100&nbsp; different regions around the world. But one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the absolute most memorable visits that&nbsp; I've had to date was the very special visit&nbsp;&nbsp; to Scarecrow during one of my recent trips to Napa&nbsp; Valley. Scarecrow does not have its own winery, so&nbsp;&nbsp; there was no tour of the wine-making facilities,&nbsp; and we didn't really even discuss any details&nbsp;&nbsp; regarding wine-making. Instead, I was welcomed&nbsp; into the living room of the house that sits on&nbsp;&nbsp; the legendary and historic JJ Cohn estate, where I&nbsp; met with Brett Lopez, who is the current owner of&nbsp;&nbsp; Scarecrow and JJ Cohn's grandson. We were joined&nbsp; by co-founder Mimi DeBlasio, and some of the other&nbsp;&nbsp; key members of the Scarecrow team, and we enjoyed&nbsp; a bottle of the double 100 point 2019 Scarecrow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, I heard Mr. Lopez recount the amazing story&nbsp; and history of Scarecrow. The story begins more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 80 years ago in 1945 when Inglenook's John&nbsp; Daniel Jr. convinced his neighbor JJ Cohn to plant&nbsp;&nbsp; 80 acres of Cabernet Sauvignon on his neighboring&nbsp; estate. JJ Cohn was busy working in Hollywood&nbsp;&nbsp; making epic movies such as The Wizard of Oz and so&nbsp; he had no interest whatsoever in becoming a wine&nbsp;&nbsp; maker. Nevertheless, he ultimately agreed to plant&nbsp; a vineyard largely because Inglenook promised to&nbsp;&nbsp; purchase the fruit from the vineyard. John Daniel&nbsp; Jr. wanted a vineyard planted on that neighboring&nbsp;&nbsp; estate because he thought it had the potential to&nbsp; produce world-class fruit much like that which was&nbsp;&nbsp; grown on the Inglenook estate. This is so because&nbsp; the land on which the JJ Cohn Estate is situated&nbsp;&nbsp; is now part of the famous Rutherford AVA, but&nbsp; more specifically, it's situated on the Rutherford&nbsp;&nbsp; Bench. Here you'll find well-drained gravelly&nbsp; soils, ideal sun exposure, and gentle slopes&nbsp;&nbsp; that are ideal for the production of world-class&nbsp; Cabernet Sauvignon. Many of the original vines&nbsp;&nbsp; planted way back in 1945, which were planted on&nbsp; St. George Rootstock, still exist to this day and&nbsp;&nbsp; are among some of the oldest vines in all of Napa&nbsp; Valley. Mr. Lopez affectionately refers to these&nbsp;&nbsp; vines as the old men. When you're walking the&nbsp; vineyard and you're standing next to the old men,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's an absolutely humbling experience. In&nbsp; fact, I'm not a small person. I'm six foot two,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I felt very, very small standing next to these&nbsp; old men, which feel much more like trees than they&nbsp;&nbsp; do grape vines. In fact, many of them are hollowed&nbsp; out, and there's lots of animals and wildlife that&nbsp;&nbsp; even live inside the hollowed-out trunks. These&nbsp; historic vines produce extremely low yields,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the fruit that they do produce can add&nbsp; extraordinary complexity to a wine. Interestingly,&nbsp;&nbsp; back in the 1980s, the vineyard managers at&nbsp; the time recommended that Mr. Cohn rip out the&nbsp;&nbsp; old men and replace them with new vines that were&nbsp; grown on the AXR1 rootstock that was all the rage&nbsp;&nbsp; in Napa Valley at the time. Fortunately, Mr. Cohn&nbsp; rejected this advice and just decided to continue&nbsp;&nbsp; to let the old men produce their low quantities of&nbsp; fruit. This was a fortuitous decision as this AXR1&nbsp;&nbsp; rootstock was ultimately found to be susceptible&nbsp; to phylloxera. So all the other vineyards in Napa&nbsp;&nbsp; Valley that were replanted ultimately had to be&nbsp; replanted again. This is why you won't find many&nbsp;&nbsp; vineyards in Napa Valley that were planted before&nbsp; the 1980s or 1990s. For decades, this high-quality&nbsp;&nbsp; fruit from the JJ Cohn estate quietly enriched&nbsp; some of the very best wines in Napa Valley,&nbsp;&nbsp; including not only Inglenook, but also wines like&nbsp; Joseph Phelps Insignia, Opus One, and several&nbsp;&nbsp; others. But in 2003, Brett Lopez and co-founder&nbsp; Mimi DeBlasio assembled a dream team that included&nbsp;&nbsp; wine maker Celia Welch and ultimately decided&nbsp; to produce a wine that they called Scarecrow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Scarecrow was an instant success and it was&nbsp; well-received both by critics as well as wine&nbsp;&nbsp; collectors. Almost immediately, there was a very&nbsp; long waiting list. Scarecrow continues to produce&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the very best wines in Napa Valley and has&nbsp; had four different vintages with 100 point scores&nbsp;&nbsp; to date, including the double 100 point 2019&nbsp; vintage. But for me, it's not the lofty scores&nbsp;&nbsp; that make Scarecrow wine truly special. It's the&nbsp; authenticity. Specifically, it's the old men, the&nbsp;&nbsp; history, the family behind the wine. All of which&nbsp; combined to create a wine that feels deeply human.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've published dozens of videos about Napa Valley,&nbsp; all of which I'll link in the description below.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you enjoyed this video and&nbsp; you'd like to learn about the rise&nbsp;&nbsp; of SuperTtuscan wines in Italy, be sure to&nbsp; check out this video that's linked above.

  Top Comments:
  1. @-itkindaworks- [5 likes]: This is a funny thing. I was in the beginning of my wine journey and somehow stumbled into Scarecrow. This was maybe 2000
 or so. I sent them an email and they kindly replied that I'm now on their list and can a have nice allocation of their wine. I live in Finland. I asked if they'll send the cases to me. No, that was not possible but they said they will store it for me. I declined. Wow, I regret that decision :D
  2. @jeffhullinger6256 [3 likes]: Every one of your videos, John, reveals something about the subject that one doesn't find elsewhere. Thank you for maintaining this channel!
  3. @WineUnfiltered-j4u [3 likes]: What a story!🤯thanks for sharing!
  4. @Cicero-ri8ke [2 likes]: New viewer here. Great content! I live in the Dallas area, Frisco, and was seeing if you had any wine stores you would suggest and trust. Also, any go to websites to buy wine would be appreciated. Keep up the great work!
  5. @chivse7064 [2 likes]: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  6. @spamham1976 [1 likes]: Do you have a review of screaming eagle ?

- How Screaming Eagle Became Napa's Most Famous Cult Wine!: Kind: captions Language: en Back in the early 1990s, a person named Jean Phillips hired wine maker Heidi Barrett to produce some wine for her. Ultimately, Miss Barrett produced 175 cases of a wine that Miss Phillips ultimately called Screaming Eagle. This was a wine that was sold at the Oakville Grocery and it was also on the wine list at Beastro Don Giovani, but much of it was simply given away. At this time, many of the top wines in Bordeaux were firm, structured, and tanic, and required many years of aging before they could be enjoyed. Take 1995 Bordeaux for example. [snorts] Those wines were extremely tanic and structured, and many of them required decades before they reached their peak, and some of them are still not there yet. In contrast, Screaming Eagle was ripe, opulent, and perfumed with polished tannins. While it certainly had the structure to age, it was immediately enjoyable as well. Certainly much more so than new release Bordeaux. As a result, many of those who tried the Screaming Eagle wine were extremely impressed. And as word got out about the quality of this new wine, demand quickly outpaced supply. This ultimately led Gene Phillips to set the price for Screaming Eagle at an incredible $75 per bottle. This was at a time when the highest priced wines in Napa Valley sold for only $50. Ultimately, one of the bottles of 1992 Screaming Eagle made its way to famous wine critic Robert Parker, who ultimately awarded it a massive 99 point score. This was back when 100 point scores were extremely rare. Keep in mind also that this was a time when the internet was in its infancy. In fact, the worldwide web was not released into the public domain until April of 1993. As a result, scores from wine critics were critical during this time period and were extremely influential in moving and selling large quantities of wine. As a result, much like Robert Parker's huge scores for the 1982 Bordeaux vintage set off a wave of buying in Bordeaux, his 99 point score for Screaming Eagle created huge demand for Screaming Eagle and other similar Napa Valley wines. These wines became in high demand not just because of the high scores, but also because luxury wine collectors enjoyed them because they offered the best of both worlds. worldclass quality and more immediate gratification. Before long, there was a massive waiting list to purchase Screaming Eagle wine, notwithstanding the fact that it sold at a huge price premium to many other even very highquality Nava Valley wines.

  Top Comments:
  1. @carlhornberger1839 [2 likes]: It's good...but not worth the price
  2. @RobertNicholls-i9k [1 likes]: I think that I remember reading that it takes some red wines from Bordeaux to take up to 25 years of aging to reach peak drinkability. If that is not correct, how long does it take? What is the range for aging? Thank you for your time to answer ny questions.
  3. @Cicero-ri8ke [1 likes]: Is the video only 2:43? That’s what it’s showing on YouTube.
  4. @peterlue9274 [1 likes]: @AttorneySomm My wine is bottled.  I made some pinot noir and cabernet sauvignon.  It was my first time but they are highly concentrated fruit bombs that are delicious.  I live in Canada so I don't know if I can send you the wine but i can try if you have a PO Box.  I also used Amazon corks which was a mistake so you might need an ah so or a winged corkscrew to open the bottles.  Technically it should be drank in Sept 2026.
  5. @ralphdepalma5825 [1 likes]: Jean sold the winery to Stan Kroenke and the price immediately shot to $500/bottle, which would be a bargain today.
  6. @ralphdepalma5825 [1 likes]: I lived in California and watched Screaming Eagle grow into the premium wine from Napa. It’s fantastic after 25-30 years.
  7. @143GADGETS [1 likes]: Never had it and probably never will considering the price but will try some of her other wines.

- Harlan Estate: How Napa’s $1,500 Cult Wine Was Born | Wine 101: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Keith Beavers and I'm happy to report that we started digging out our fire pit. It's hard. I didn't think it was going to be so hard. Like a back. It's like backbreaking. Do we need a fire pit? Last week we went deep into what Screaming Eagle actually is. But before Screaming Eagle came Harland Estate. What is it like to spend even more money on a bottle than you would a Screaming Eagle? That is what Harlem Estate is. But what is Harlem Estate? This story and what this wine is is again extremely American and it's so cool. I mean again it's really expensive like really expensive wine. It's just really expensive. But the way this came about, Harlem Estate, it kind of feels like it makes sense that it's this expensive, but really like this expensive. Let me explain. This story begins with H. William Harlon being born in Southern California in 1940. Now, the way the story goes about Bill, because from here on out, friends and family basically call this guy Bill. Bill Harland as a teenager has three dreams. One is to have a family. A two is to sail around the world in a boat. Ambitious. And three to one day own a vineyard. As a teenager in Southern California, it's pretty intense. especially around this time of the 1940s and 1950s. Cuz in the 1940s and50s in Northern California, a lot of work was being done to revive an industry that was almost destroyed completely by prohibition. We're going to get there in a second, but I find it's very interesting that as a kid, he wanted to be a vineyard owner at some point in his life. Bill ends up going to college in Berkeley, California, which happens to be about 40 minutes south of the Napa Valley. Now towards the end of the 1950s when he's been getting ready to graduate, he's taking regular trips up to the Napa Valley and tasting through vineyards. Vineyards, not tasting rooms. This is kind of interesting because again, this is a this guy is interested in wine at a time when the industry is trying to rebuild itself. I wonder how exciting it must have been around this time. Maybe it was there was an excitement because when you read about this part of American wine history, it's pretty brutal. There's a lot of work being done, a lot of marketing being done, a lot of meetings trying to figure out what to do, what variety are we going to focus on, all this stuff. So, I wonder if there was an excitement when people went there. I mean, for Bill, who had a dream one day of owning a vineyard, I'm sure it was pretty exciting for him. I think Bill takes his communications and political science degree and decides to sail around the world. He fulfilled his one, well, one of his dreams. I don't know if it was the first dream, but it was one of his dreams. And he ended up coming back. And this is a little I don't want to really I don't this is a little murky with the timeline, but like the end of the 1950s, Bill is visiting all these vineyards. He must have graduated and then he went on a a sojourn around the world on a boat. He comes back to California and in 1966, Robert Mandavi opens up the Robert Mandavi winery. And this is the this is the thing. This is that moment in American wine history where the tasting room is basically brought online. And in 1966, Bill Haron visits Robert Mundy Winery the week it opens. It seems like this was a big moment in Bill's life. He had already sailed around the world, one dream fulfilled. He had two more and he was sitting there at the tasting room at Mandavi and something must have clicked in his brain because it says online that around 1972 he's actively seeking out land to purchase. It's kind of wild to think that somebody was just boopping around the Napa Valley looking for land to purchase. You there's like no land to purchase these days. And if there is any land to purchase in the Napa Valley these days, the the price is astronomical. It's just a a wild thought because in 1966 when Robert Mandavi opened his winery, he was the first major winery to open since prohibition. Like that's crazy. This is for another video, but the Mandavis had been around for a while in the Napa Valley. Uh, Robert and Peter's father was a big deal in the wine industry, rebuilding the wine industry, and they had bought Charles Krug Winery and Peter and Robert had had a falling out and Robert opened up this winery because it's it's a big story. We'll get into it another video, but still bobbing around the Napa Valley just like looking for land. Wild Harland. I guess he's a Northern California guy now. He's in San Francisco and him and a business partner open up a devel a property development company called Pacific Union. This thing is this becomes huge. This this actually becomes and I'm not a real estate person, but from what I've read is one of the most prominent real estate development companies in the history of California real estate development. So this guy makes millions and millions of dollars and maybe billions of dollars. They say he made his billions. So maybe it's billions of dollars. I don't know. It's a lot of money this guy makes. And and this begins in 1975. The whole what's really interesting about this particular company they built that became a juggernaut was that it began as a small firm specializing in condominiums in 1975 because condominiums were kind of a new idea, a new product. Wow. Now, at this point, Bill Harland has so much money. And if you read his story around this time in his life, he's doing all kinds of different things, but all of it is focused on the eventual dream of having a vineyard. So, the first thing he does in 1978 is he invests in what's called Meadowwood. It's a private club, a huge private club in St. Helena, California. But what he does is he takes it from a country club and turns it into a private resort, a little more exclusive. So, Bill Haron has real estate, owns real estate, a lot of it in the Napa Valley. He loves wine. He was one of the first to visit the Robert Mandavi winery when it opened. At some point he must have become friends with Robert Mandavi because Bob everyone called Bob Robert Mandavi Bob was about to head off to France for a fiveweek research trip and asked Bill Harland to come along with him. Bill's like yeah this happened in 1980. This was a big year for Bill Harland. Not only was he on a fiveweek research trip with Robert Mandavi but while he was there he understood had an aha moment. Oh my gosh, it's all about sense of place. It's all about soil and climate and aging. This is There's so much more to wine than just buying a vineyard. So, he sees this and he's like, I need to go back to California and create a 200year plan. I don't know if if other wineries were thinking about this. I don't know if Robert Mondavi was thinking about this, but Bill Harland at that moment decided, and this is why Harland estate succeeds today is he wanted to make sure that the wine that he made in the place that he built to make that wine would carry his legacy for at least 200 years. Amazing. Not only was he traveling and having an aha moment, but also he was already making wine. He just didn't own a vineyard at the time. him and a business partner Bob Levy and I think a couple other partners decided to create a little group of wine makers called Mary Veil Wines and source varieties and make wine in an old facility that would eventually become the Mary Veil Winery. It's this old warehouse that was once owned by the Mandavis and then eventually the Christian brothers, but it was kind of a kind of like a I guess a custom crush facility if you will back in the day before there were custom crush facilities. And this is why wine requires so much patience. They they start Mary Veil Wines, the label, the idea of the label in 1980. They start making wine and it's not until 1983 they release their first label, Mary Veil Wines. And then in 1986, they actually buy the building and become Mville. Also in 1986, Bill realizes one of his three dreams. He gets married to Deborah Beck, who is a TV personality doing sponsorships for products like Liptin Tea. But in 1984 is when Bill Haron begins looking for land. Like seriously looking for land. He had begun in 1972, but here he is with a bunch of money, a bunch of connections. He has his own winery. It's time to look for his next like well the the dream, the vineyard dream. He wasn't just looking in the United States and in California. He was also looking around in Europe. But what it came down to was Oakville. This is where the most famous wines were being made. This is where the famous toe colon vineyard the Mandavis ended up purchasing was. This was a place that Screaming Eagle would eventually buy land from. And this is a place that didn't have a lot of vineyards. So there was a lot of land to buy. So he decides to focus on the slopes of Oakville. So just like with the Screaming Eagle story, like this is the 1980s in Napa Valley. It's an AVA, the second AVA to be awarded in the United States. The investment was fast and furious. Oakville still had rugged land, though, and Bill Harland had a bunch of money. So, he goes up and starts buying pockets of land in this area in Oakville. Can you imagine Napa Valley, an underdeveloped Napa Valley? People walking around looking at forested land in these hills going, I want a vineyard right there. And Oakville was actually called the tenderloin of the Napa Valley because in this very narrow strip of land, it had a very diverse climate, soil, and sun exposure. So that's why a lot of activity was happening there. I mean in 1968 is when I mentioned this before but in 1968 uh Mandavi buys a Tokolon vineyard because he knows like that's where the best wine is made because Mondavi was again another video his goal was to make worldclass wine. Harlon wanted to make worldass wine but in a different way. So what Bill Harland does is he buys these little pockets of land in these forested hills this rugged raw land and he actually builds infrastructure. He has to build roads. He has to build plumbing. He has to build all the things that humans need and vines. So in total the Harland estate, the initial Harland estate was 6 acres. 70% was planted to Cabernet Signon, 20% planted to Merllo, 8% to Cab Franc, and 2% to Petite Verdau. And here is a moment in the story where we get a little bit of mystery. There was mystery in the Screaming Eagle episode. There's mystery here. And this mystery is a little bit different because the what Bill Harland does is he makes wine in 1987, 1988, and 1989, but he doesn't release the wines. It's I read that he actually makes the wines at the MVale facility because he was still working on making everything happen on his estate. The actual winery wasn't built until 2002. Actually, the 1990 vintage was the first commercial release from Harlem Estate. It was released in 1996 and sold specifically through the winery. The 1991 vintage was then sold in distribution to restaurants and retailers. Okay. So, this means a couple things. Um, it means number one, from 1987 to 1989, they were either making wine and and putting them into a library or they were not doing what they wanted to do and the results were not what they wanted. Um, and when the 1990 vintage was released in the '9 being released in 96, I'm getting the sense that Bill Harlland's idea of wine is very European. Europe Europe's been around for a long time, has made wine for a very long time. And when you go to a European wine maker, often you can go into the seller and they have family wines going back generations. The United States is a very young country. We don't really have that kind of library culture in wine. But it seems to me that Bill was kind of figuring that out, especially with a 200-year plan. And I say this because when asked about it, this is the response. Leading up to the release of the Endeavor to hold back vintages was described as quote, "An empirical learning experience with some trial and error, but also grounded in a vigorous attempt of discernment." That's almost a word salad, but you can kind of get a sense of what he was going for there. He wants to make sure that, you know, mistakes have been made, but the goal is sound and everything is going in the right direction. Basically, wine-making. So, that's the core history of Harland estate. And Bill Harland had realized all three dreams. He got married in 1986, Deborah. He got his vineyards in 1984. He sailed around the world in the 1950s. He got everything he wanted, but with the wine, he got more than what he wanted because he starts making wines out of a out of a facility, buying varieties. He brings his partners with him over to Harlem Estate. And Bob Levy worked with him for many years. And over the years, they just made great wine. They made beautiful high-end auctionable wine. To give you an example, the 1996 Harlem Estate bottle at the time sold for $65 and now trades for $20,000. If you're a score person, Harlem Estates has had no less than seven 100 point scores. Wow. So to give you a sense of this, the meadow wood that we talked about back in the day in 1978 that he created, well after he got back from France with Robert Mandavi, they started the Napa Valley wine auction which is inspired by and modeled after the hospice dubone in Burgundy. The Napa Valley auction in the year 2000. A a 10 vintage lineup of Harland Magnums was sold for $700,000. $700,000. What? And Jedi Wine Master Janis Robinson says that it's one of the 10 best of the 20th century. Damn. And now Harlem Estate is moving into the future. In 2021, at 80 years old, Bill Haron stepped away as director of Harlem Estate and gave that title to his son, Will. The old guard of Bill Haron, Bob Levy, and their partner Dan Weaver has now been replaced by Will Harlon as the director of the estate, Corey Empting as the seller director, and Francois Vony as the director of wine-making. Well, it's also should be noted that over the years, they've also gone the full organic biodnamic route. I think in 1997 they started doing the sort of sustainable thing. Um, that's kind of early on which is kind of cool. But what is Harlem Estate wine like? We had the honor and privilege of having Will come to the Vine Pair offices and tasting us on Harlem Estate. Also the other wines they make, Bond, the mascot, the maiden and all that. And it was kind of amazing to sit and sip and try one of the US's most coveted wines. And it was big, beautiful, rich, elegant, structured. It was a beautifully built wine. It was a wine that was ready to age, too. I can't remember the vintage we had, but I could tell the tannins were still kind of working their way into the wine. And the reason I say, well, not knowing the vintage, I wish I could remember the vintage, but this is the thing about Harlem Estates is everything they do is vintage specific. And I know a lot of high-end wine makers are vintage specific. But the thing about with what's unique about this estate and in within its history is that the wines are often aged for 30 up to 36 months in new French oak barrels depending on the vintage. So this is a very European way to do it where you think you know in Europe there are actually rules in place for how long you need to hold a bottle before you release it but this is the United States you can do whatever you want. So, what this is showing us is that the attention to detail is pretty intense here. You have a wine maker who only releases the wine and only ages the wine until it's ready. Pretty awesome. And it's very, very small production. Now, the original estate was 6 acres. It's now 36 acres, but still the production of the Harlem Estate flagship wine is still very small. And the bottle itself, this is this is this is the thing about Bill Harland. He was so detailed about the fine wine aspect of this this 200year plan, this fine wine, this ageability is the label took him 10 years to design. Bill's idea for the label, and this is really part of the story. The idea of the label, which is a kind of inspired by a 19th century engraving, it took him 10 years to find the right person to do it because he wanted the bottle to be very simple but very effective. I'm paraphrasing here, but he said, "I want my bottle to look beautiful against the candle light, not on a retail shop shelf." So, if you look at the Harlem label, it's just a circle with an image. And that image was designed by Herb Fitcher, a retired engraver for the Department of Treasury of the United States. I mean, that's like America in a bottle. It's just it's amazing. So, if you've ever had Harlon, any vintage, and you're watching this on YouTube, hit me up in the comments and let me know what vintage you had and whether you enjoyed it or not. But that's how you wine 101 Harlem Estate. Let's talk next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomboerne: I have never tried Harlan Estate wine. I do have a 2006 Harlan waiting in the wings. Waiting for a special time to have.
  2. @dexter9696: Thanks for sharing! Very entertaining, detailed but most importantly, engaging episode. I love all of the context behind this story. Cheers!
  3. @kennyasierra: Really cool series of videos!! 💪🏽💪🏽

- Fine Wine as an Alternative Investment - Cult Wines: Kind: captions Language: en given the lower-right environment the geopolitical uncertainty and increased volatility many investors are starting to look at new ways to diversify the assets and uncover different source of returns at the same time to investors there are three main reasons of employing alternative investing risk diversification had against a market volatility and return a husband some of the major types of alternative investments include hedge fund commodity and real is a fine wine considered a less mainstream alternative investment is gaining popularity in recent years there has been a lot of press about fido investment recently we've articles in Financial Times and The Economist is fine wine or hype or does it have real value as an intuitive us our research shows that fine wine is less volatile in generating returns than other major alternatives for the last 10 years we looked at data we modelled fine wine inclusion investment portfolios back tested the resource across different periods and compare the results with other alternative asset classes our analysis and conclusion can be found in our recently published alternative investment report follow the link for more information

- How to start a wine cellar with Rudy von Strasser: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends rudy von strasser here in my wine cellar and i'd like to take a moment to talk to you about aging wines and what a better place to do it first of all it's important to know that as soon as a wine is put into the bottle aging starts and that aging is a series of chemical reactions now in a cold cellar and the reason people keep sellers cool is because those reactions happen slower and in a more controlled situation in a warm environment like on your kitchen counter where it's 85 degrees in texas those changes are going to go a lot faster so if you'd like to age wine if you plan on aging wine it's important to have temperature control also you need to know that bottle size matters if you look at this six liter bottle it's going to age much slower than a magnum or a 750 or even a little 375. so if you have 375s at home drink them sooner than you would drink a bigger bottle i want to talk about what happens in aging and i've drawn a little graph that i want to show you and this graph on the x-axis has time and on the y-axis has concentration and the red line i drew is what i call fruit characteristics and in a white wine fruit characteristics maybe um like in a riesling or an esophageal blanc be melons and peaches and apricots aromas like that in a red wine it may be strawberries brambles those aromas start out very high when a wine is very young over time those aromas start to go away and as the wine gets 15 20 years old there won't be any fruit aromas left or very very subtle fruit aromas the blue line i drew i marked as aged characteristics those start out at zero when a wine is young and over time they'll start to increase and the important thing with this graph is that at any time you drink this wine it's going to have very different characteristics as a young wine it's going to be mainly fruit and very little age characteristics at four or five six years old it'll have some fruit and it'll have some age characteristics um you know in the 10-year period it might have a little bit of both but the fruit is starting to go away and at 15 20 30 years there's not going to be much fruit left and a lot of age and the reason that's important is because the biggest variable in aging is what do you like is the consumer's preferences people who have sellers and drink old wines all the time are used to the characteristics that you get with age and those characteristics in a white wine might be things like butterscotch almonds old apple core in a red wine they may be more like coffee olives tobacco cassis things like that and someone who likes old wines and likes age characteristics is going to like that and not like young wines they're not going to really be very interested in the fruit someone who's used to drinking fruity young wines their whole life if you give them this bottle of chateau of the feed rothschild um 30 35 years old this may get a 98 from robert parker it may be worth a thousand dollars but if you give someone who drinks young red wines their whole life they're not going to like it so the biggest variable of all is what do you like is the consumer preference and that's important to know now what i would suggest if you want to figure out what you like is there's two ways one is to try to find a vertical of wine a vertical would be the same winery the same wine maybe the same vineyard designation three or four or five years in a row or three or four or five different years so if you're able to buy the same wine but in different vintages buy four or five different vintages have your friends over maybe put them in a bag put them in labeled glasses and do a tasting and compare them and see which ones you like see if you like old see how they've changed over time the other way is to buy a case of wine and every year open a bottle and see how those are changing and whether you like them and when you like them when my wife rita and i were married we got a case of bordeaux as a wedding present and we opened a bottle every year on our anniversary and it allowed us to reflect on the development of the wine as well as the development of our marriage anyway i hope this helps a little bit with the mysteries of wine aging and wine is a lot of fun and and have fun experimenting

  Top Comments:
  1. @cgimovieman [5 likes]: Step 1:  Have money.

Step 2:  Have more money.
  2. @lavenderblue5730 [2 likes]: I really enjoyed this video. Thank you
  3. @losfont5674 [2 likes]: Great video and great advice..  That graph was excellent insight.  Thank you!
  4. @HouseOfFeck [2 likes]: Enjoyable! Well designed cellar, thankyou for share ❤
  5. @nicolamullings7993 [2 likes]: A few good  points there sir, thank you.
  6. @andrewmuir3302 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Happy New year!
  7. @Cresendiz [1 likes]: Great video ty
  8. @CaptJMK [1 likes]: Just had your Diamond vineyard Cab for Thanksgiving, wow!
  9. @Smiding: Thanks for the video! I started building my cellar 5 years ago and I struggle to age my wines sufficiently so I took up on someones tip to buy cellar defenders! For me it's really fun looking for the hidden gems in the wine industry that tastes super well made and are age worthy but not at the price of a known bottle. For me around  $30-50 is the sweet spot for a "cellar defender"
  10. @Mark-qg8hm: First you get a cellar. Then you put wine in it. And that's a bingo!
  11. @JamieW-o7b: My secret to a good wine cellar, is to buy more than you drink!
  12. @rzkptgrgfz: I made some tests and my conclusion is that the wine stops aging when you drink it. I drew some charts with crayons 🖍️ and wore an ugly shirt, but the result remained in the same.
  13. @keithrichards-io5db: Thankyou. -the graph made sense
  14. @CastellodiAmorosa: We love it, Rudy!!!
  15. @JuanDavidHenaoLemos: Be careful because I bought a promotion of 6 bottles for $43 dollars, but after a month I was surprised to find that they were charging me a monthly fee of $40 dollars, something I never approved of.
  16. @atvguy4559: https://youtu.be/dUmWMSSzbuw?si=KAJUwNiMzUc-ffXK
Meanwhile the wine collapsed
  17. @Jommybutler1234: No ones counter is 85 degrees in Texas.  We have air conditioning too

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- Wine Collecting 101: How to Manage Your Wine Collection (Attorney Somm): Kind: captions Language: en lately i've been getting a lot of questions from people about seller management software specifically what are the pros and cons and also which seller management software that i use personally to manage my own collection and so today i'm going to be drilling down into detail regarding each of those items first regardless of which particular software that you use i've found that seller management software is useful for at least three reasons first it helps you keep track of your wine inventory after you've been collecting for a while it becomes essential for you to have some sort of tool in order to manage your inventory otherwise it quickly becomes unwieldy to determine which particular producers that you have which vintages you have the number of bottles remaining and so forth seller management software is also very useful to help you keep track of your costs or the amount of money that you've spent online this can be useful if you have a budget that you're trying to stick to for example or if you need to keep track of the amount that you spend on wine for tax purposes either way you can quickly run reports that will show you how much you've spent for a particular time period such as a quarter or for a particular year for those of you with wine insurance it's definitely very useful because it can help the insurance carrier confirm your inventory when you go to purchase the policy and it can also be very very useful when you go to make a claim if that should happen now all those benefits largely apply to most seller management software on the market i've been using seller tracker for probably 10 years or so now there's a number of reasons why i use seller tracker first it has an extensive library of wines and so it's very very easy to input the wines because most of them are already populated in the system it also has a very helpful scanning feature where you can take a picture of the upc symbol and then the wine will come up without you having to input it that helps to expedite the input which can be especially time consuming it also has a significant amount of integrated wine reviews and tasting notes that can be very useful and while i don't rely on these for purchasing decisions typically i do find it useful for at least two or three reasons first when i go to open a wine i'll have a particular idea about how long i'd want to decant that wine or whether it should be decanted at all however i'll oftentimes look the wine up especially if i'm unsure or haven't had the wine recently just to see what other users have experienced with respect to that line on multiple occasions i've had situations where multiple people have written consistent tasting notes that a particular wine was not ready to drink yet or that it needs at least a two or three hour decant in that instance i'll plan accordingly and make sure that i open the wine well in advance or possibly even pick something else if i don't have time to wait that long occasionally when i'm going to purchase wine i will also look the wine up and see what the tasting notes and experiences are like recently especially with an older vintage this helps you determine if the wine may be past peak for example with a lot of off vintage bordeaux well you'll sometimes get good deals on those or the opportunity to purchase those at prices that initially seem to be fairly competitive however if you look the lineup and many people are saying that the wine is definitely past peak then you may want to pass on that wine another feature that i find very useful is the recommended drinking windows in seller tracker after you input your wine and seller tracker the wine will have a recommended drinking window and it will allow you to run a report that states time to drink up and then it will list those wines in the order in which they should be consumed i don't typically always agree with this drinking window it does allow you to modify it so i'll sometimes do that to give it more time because i tend to prefer my wines with more age on them but nevertheless i do feel that it's a useful default in starting point for a lot of wines it also allows you to run reports according to the region grape variety or vintage and this is oftentimes useful if you're going to be going to a themed tasting and you need to decide whether to purchase a bottle or whether you have something in your collection you can quickly run a search and determine if you have something for that particular vintage grape variety or region it also allows you to segregate your wine by storage location so if you have some wine at home and some at your off-site storage facility you can input those things into your management software and then see what you have at either location and while seller tracker is available on a website i typically found that it's useful to use a mobile application rather than the website however i don't necessarily care for the seller tracker mobile application so what i found is that the corks mobile application is actually more effective and more user-friendly and so i generally use that that does require a one-time payment of two dollars up front but i found that it's well worth it and it's a lot more user-friendly the good thing about quarkx is even though it's not seller tracker itself it's fully compatible with seller tracker and so you get the same advantages in terms of being able to have access to those tasting notes in the extensive wide library that i discussed earlier in my experience the mobile application is better than the website because it's very helpful when you're on the go if you're at your off-site facility enjoying some wine for example you can remove it from your inventory right after you consume the bottle and that way you won't forget to do so when you get home later likewise if you get presented with an offer to purchase wine by email and you need to make a quick decision you can quickly check your inventory to see whether or not you already have that line and if so how many bottles you may have that way even when you're on the go you can get the information that you need to make a purchasing decision right at your fingertips so what do you think about seller management software do you find it effective and if so which seller management software do you use please let me know in the comments below depending on the responses i get i may either do a follow-up video or write an instagram post about it in the future thanks so much until then drink well

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nutritionicity [5 likes]: Terrific video, John! Not only is it extremely helpful for the seasoned collector, but also someone like myself who simply has a smaller cellar inventory to keep track of. Large or small, a collection of wine is dynamic. I am often challenged to remember which wines I currently have vs. those I have already enjoyed, or how many bottles of a particular wine remain. You provided some very useful solutions for my personal challenges and those of larger scale collectors! Very much appreciate you taking the time to share this information!
  2. @domenictalese1099 [2 likes]: John, Great video.  Do you have any content on how you suggest labeling your bottles or bottle locations and tracking that in cellar tracker.  i also use cellar tracker but haven't started tracking location, but my collection is growing and is now becoming an issue.  would love to see how you achieve this.  Thanks.
  3. @edmaryellenkmiec9171 [2 likes]: Hi John.  I use an Excel spreadsheet to manage my wine collection.  Every bottle is assigned to a specific space making it very easy to locate a bottle.  And Excel's pivot table tool allows me to display my collection any number of ways.  Easy and cheap.
  4. @cookandrideflorida [2 likes]: Another good video.  I’ve been using CT for a few years and have found the drinking windows are helpful.  My small collection is geared towards having something on hand to pair with whatever we’re having for dinner and most of the wines have recommendations available.  Since my wife rarely drinks more than 1/2 a glass I’m “forced” to finish the bottle all by myself.  It’s a tough job but someone has to do it. 😁
  5. @megahungster [2 likes]: I checked on various review on Corkz and they said it's not working well (with no updates, bad connections, etc). Is it working well with you?
  6. @Winelover1004 [2 likes]: Good to know 👍👍
  7. @neseturan629 [2 likes]: This is an excellent video, John! Very good, everything clearly explained. Thank you once again for sharing your expertise with us! Cheers!
  8. @danielplainview4778 [2 likes]: Good video, CT really seems to be the only game in town. I personally do not know a single wine collector not using it. Funny you mentioned the drinking windows, I’ve found that they are almost always way too conservative for my tastes. Also the aggregate “score” often seems somewhat useless, everything seems to be ranked 89-94… I think the key is to find some critics and users who have the same tastes as you and just follow them, ignore the rest
  9. @wren460 [1 likes]: Excellent video John !  I have been a member of CT for more than a decade and what is very useful to me is to find users that have similar preferences that mine. For example , I enjoy very much Napa , Australia,  Argentina wines and I don´t enjoy a lot Northern Rhone , and mostly all Italian wines. So, when I am looking for wines I will look for people that enjoy the kind of wines I enjoy an voila !   Imagine a fan of Burgundy placing a note about a Mollydooker wine !!!  Wine is like food, there are so many options and there is no good or bad, it depends totally on your preference. Saludos desde México !
  10. @ManuelAlaniz-b1u [1 likes]: Is the corks app discontinued?  That you know of? 

Thank you
  11. @SanjayPatel-di3qk [1 likes]: How about invintroy software?
  12. @thecanuck11 [1 likes]: Just installed the Cellar Tracker app. Thanks for the recommendation. It does indeed have an extensive wine library.
  13. @jcre2000 [1 likes]: It would have been nice to have the links to the software you are talking about
  14. @kenmcdonaldii3887 [1 likes]: Fantastic videos! Thank you for sharing. I was wondering if the software has the ability to input a location of a specific bottle within your cellar?
  15. @BelgianGurista [1 likes]: Hi, I'm sub number 666 👹. Devilish wine channel you got going on here. Thx for all the info.
  16. @relaxmeditatechill3323 [1 likes]: Good morning John. Another great post. You said something that caught my attention, you spoke about Wine insurance.  Do you personally recommend a Company thanks?
  17. @sip.savor.sights [1 likes]: I really appreciate all that information managed into this video, John! It was very informative, professional and helpful! Enjoyed it very much and learnt a lot from you! Thank you! Cheers!
  18. @arturovera4932 [1 likes]: User comments at the Corkz app page on the App Store say it’s not longer supported and ratings are only 2.5 out of 5.0…so?

- HOW to COLLECT WINE like a MASTER: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine and i often get the requests from you guys that you want to see what's in my cellar i'm not going to show you everything because that's private but today i want to show you how to build your own wine collection and how to correctly store your wine on top of that i'm going to show you some wines from my collection that you should get for your own seller too so let's dive in [Music] when i first got interested in one i did not have any money no space and i did not know enough in order to start collecting wine i usually bought my wine at the supermarket or at wine shops and opened the bottles on the same evening in the following years i could not start a collection either because i was moving from country to country was living in flats where i kept my wine in cupboards and under staircases when we bought this house one of the reasons i fell in love with it was the cellar it's cold dark and humid and therefore pretty much perfect for storing wine but you do not need a perfect seller in order to start your wine collection there's no official definition of what makes somebody a wine collector but my personal definition would be that a wine collector buys wines for the purpose of building a collection of wines she or he enjoys a wine collector therefore makes strategic long-term decisions when buying wines as opposed to just buying wines for the next dinner party but why should you build a wine collection the most important reason is that you always have wine at home for every occasion the second reason is that it's fun and it might be a great opportunity to connect with other collectors and the third reason is that wine appreciates in value over time so you might be able to buy a case of wine today and sell it at a profit in 10 years time in order to buy more wine i do not plan exactly which ones i'm going to buy each year but it makes a lot of sense to think a little bit about your approach which ones you're going to add to your collection obviously depends on your budget your space and your personal preferences you should buy ones that you and your guests like for sure but you should also have wines for different occasions at different price points and for different meals a good collector always has one at different maturity levels in his cellar you want to have ones that are too young ones that are just getting into their drinking window and ones that are right at their peak at the same time in your cellar part of collecting wine is also that you will always have some wine that are past their peak which is fine but you need to make sure that the number of bottles is as small as possible in order to taste the evolution of a wine in the bottle it makes sense to buy not just one bottle but maybe three or a whole case the ability of wine to age also depends on the storage location but which are the perfect conditions there's limited scientific research on this topic but most people would agree that a cold humid and dark area is best this might also be the case because traditionally wine was made and stored in cellars and we might have just grown accustomed to this storage location for our wine the short-term storage environment is not so important for the quality of a wine unless it's extremely hot or extremely cold otherwise all wines that are being sold at supermarkets or in wine shops or that are being transported during winter or summer would be damaged wine is not fresh fish it's pretty stable and fairly resistant to outside influences in order to find the right location you should look for the temperature the impact of sunlight and the humidity in that location the temperature is the most important factor is the speed of chemical reactions and therefore the aging process increases the warmer the temperatures get in a cellar that is at five degrees celsius once will mature slower than in the cellar that is at 15 degrees celsius but a slower maturation is not necessarily a great advantage especially when considering that most wines are being consumed before their peak genesis robinson puts the ideal storage temperature at between 10 and 15 degrees celsius i would go a little bit higher i would say 12 to 17 degrees celsius as this falls also into the ideal serving temperature for most high quality white wines and most red wines more important than the exact temperature is the consistency of the temperature when the temperature fluctuates the volume of the wine decreases and increases pushing and pulling air in and out of the bottle if you want to know more about this topic check out this video i'll link it up somewhere up there and you find out what the aromatic impact of storage conditions actually are sunlight is another factor uv rays can start reactions in the bottle that causes the wine to produce off flavors this is why most wines are filled into colored glass bottles and while reutera puts their clear glass crystal bottle into this yellow foil the other important factor is humidity most people would say that the humidity should be at 75 percent in order to make sure that the corks don't dry out i don't really believe in that because the bottle is filled with a liquid the wine should keep the cork moist enough in order for it to stay intact and protected from oxygen but if you have too much humidity in a room your labels might get damaged and you might not be able to identify the wine or resell the bottle for your seller you should get one of those devices that track the temperature and the humidity of the seller 24 7. if you don't have a seller you can always get one of those wine cabinets they are pretty much perfect as well they keep the same storage conditions all year round they're just a little bit more expensive and you obviously need electricity so which ones should you have in your collection you obviously need some wines for your immediate consumption but what makes a great collection a great collection are the ones that are meant to be aged age-worthy ones usually have one or more of the following characteristics they are high in acidity have high levels of tendons high levels of residual sugar are for marginal climates were fermented or matured in oak vessels and they come from really high level producers so let's have a look at a few of them one wine style that has to be part of every collection and that is often overlooked as an age-worthy one is champagne or high-end sparkling wines sparkling wines can age for a long long time this is also because of the co2 that is bound in the wine itself and they can get creamier richer and more textured over time so definitely store some champagne and keep it for a while before popping the cork obviously one of the greatest white wines that is meant to be aged is riesling if you have one of those big magnum bottles the wine will age even more slowly but the wines from prim for example they can last for decades and i bought this bottle of kuvy fridge emil from trimbak at a restaurant sale and it came at a pretty good price and these wines last forever over here in europe this wine is not so famous but the hunter valley semior especially the tyra's vat one is amazing as an age-worthy wine those wines keep for a long time they are very fresh very vibrant low in alcohol and they last a long long time sweet ones are a safe bet even if you're not going for the most high-end most high-profile producers but if you're going for great so turn great sweet wines from germany or this a tokai from a top producer you would have a wine that is ready to be served at your funeral you won't be able to enjoy it though when it comes to age where the red wines bordeaux is the great classic no matter whether you're going for the left bank or a right bank producer like chateau clinic from pomerol those wines can age for decades and in some cases old bordeaux is actually cheaper than the more recent vintages which is a bit silly but it's also a great opportunity for you to stock up on some mature red wine burgundy might not always appear like it's a great wine for aging but it can age gracefully and the wines get really velvety rich and luscious but you should definitely go for the better producers producing wines from the great sides like this grand cru from claude de vujo can be just beautiful if you put it away in the cellar when they're young they sometimes a bit too grippy a bit too harsh but all that gets more mellow and round with time and the wines get really really complex and are just as beautiful as great burgundies for example so definitely stock up on some of this i'm a sura lover so i really enjoy drinking h surahs they get really wild and meaty over time like this 2001 koto tea which is by the way wrapped in cling film in order to protect the label from mold but i'm not going to resell this bottle i'm definitely going to drink it and i will enjoy it fortified wines offer great value for money this bottle of madeira will last a century probably and this is a small bottle of vintage port i sometimes can't manage to drink a whole bottle of port i'm sorry and for those cases i use those small bottles because they will serve two to four people depending on how thirsty you are and they are great value for money too so this is something you should definitely have in your collection so thank you for watching from me and my friends here i hope you enjoyed this video if you did then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which is the bottle of wine that is in your cellar and that you are really waiting to open please comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernhardlangers778: I don't have a collection as I'm just getting into wine and am growing an understanding, yet I bought a 1976 Richter Spätlese from the Mosel region. Will hopefully enjoy it this April when a friend returns from Africa.
  2. @reneparraga9000: Viña Tondonia 2011 & Aalto 2019
  3. @johnmichaeloconnor8810: High levels of residual sugar???
  4. @johnburns3703: I have some Brigaldara Amarone 95  that i got in about 98 that I look forward to  I also have some Tignanello 98 that I am just thinking about bringing up to Chambre for this weekend. Some Sasssicaia  from 2009 and 2010,  And a few others, some of which I have had previous bottles of that have been great after long cellaring. One was a 2002 Sassicaia that was cheap in Costco. - One was great but the other 2 had died. Also a bottle of Millenium Moet and Chandon that  has seen many different locations and orientations. The trouble is finding the right occasion and preparing the bottle as far in advance as is needed.
  5. @MartinLRichards: Thank you for your very informative YouTube channel which I'm really enjoying and from which I'm learning a lot. You mentioned about which wine your viewers were looking forward to try. I'm looking forward to having another bottle of 2008 Pontet Canet. I was underwhelmed a few years ago but had never tried this before but read good reviews so didn't know what to expect, but I much preferred a bottle of Leoville Barton from the same year. So interested to try again soon. Also keen to open a gift of 1997 La Mission having also been given a Haut Brion of the same year which I drank during Covid and considered the best wine I'd ever drunk!
  6. @thomasr9149: ‘’Wine appreciates in value over time’’ … this remark didn’t age too well 😅
  7. @daniellabuda7744: I got very fascinated with wine, considering I have a friend who is a young sommelier in life. Learning about the wine world and tasting different flavors is a hobby which fits my personality. 

I am curious to open these from my collection: 

100% Cabernet Franc from Antigal winery and estates, Mendoza Argentina 2020
Geometria Assyrtiko from Lafazanis Winery 
DOCG Manfredi Barbaresco 2020 
Chateau La Fleur du Mayne cuvee Pomerol 2016
  8. @Mark-qg8hm: Which is the best varietal of Turning Leaf that you should include in your cellar?
  9. @kristian5515: I am looking forward to drinking one of my Marroneto madonna delle grazie brunello di montalcino 2008, even if it might be a little too late. Thanks for another nice video.
  10. @roderikseubers109: i have clos du pape 2007 waiting.
what is the best year do you think 

2007 its the best year I have been told
  11. @LucasGruber1: I my cellar it’s definitely mouton Rothschild 1990.
  12. @PolyDave: Oh my. Sometimes an unlikely, special wine is discovered. Quite by chance. 'Catch 22' A 2017 red blend from Barossa. It has chocolate, and mint. Presents itself in the glass perfectly. And it's so ready to consume right now! Good to go on arrival.
  13. @yriafehtivan: It's okay to not drink a whole bottle of port! That's why it'll survive for weeks open.
  14. @ClémentBourguignon-e2y: A Corton Grand Cru 2018 from Château de Meursault !
  15. @ardema4329: Fantastic ideas thank you. 

I have a GRAND VIN' 1982
PELLATION MARGAUX CHATEAU MARCADE

I was thinking about selling it, recommendations how to do this?
  16. @TheCloudek: Seek God, only he can fill the internal voids and give us true happiness and peace. He loves you. God bless you all and your families.

Read, please:
2 Corinthians 5:17.
Romans 10:8-13.
  17. @AchillesMajor: I only got into wine because I was diagnosed with severe Celiac Disease in late 2014 - so beer was off the menu. But - thank Jeebus for Celiac bc wine is awesome. I now am a certified Somm & have a (likely) too large cellar (3,000+) but wines from almost every country & all wine types included. Some of the faves most looked forward to? 1985 La Chapelle, 1995 Chave Hermitage, 1965 TF Port, a 1904 Sherry, 2015 Chateau Margaux (last wine of Paul Pontallier) ...
  18. @davidboloten7879: Came across your channel last week and am thoroughly enjoying you videos.
I have 1 btl 1998 Haute Brion. My first (and only) 1st growth Bordeaux. Purchased on release for $350 CDN. Back then I thought this was crazy to shell out this much for a bottle of wine. Today this sells for over $2,000. CDN.Not that I plan on selling it. My wife's 65th birthday is approaching and I think it may be time to pop the cork.
  19. @javiveras: Waiting to  the right occasion to open a Solaia 2001....
  20. @nikifo13: I have a Barolo Riserva from Tenuta Pianpolvere from 2011, a Rioja Alta by Vina Ardanza from 2008 and last but not least a Chateau Pontet-Canet from 2004. Patiently waiting for an appropriate moment to enjoy them with some good meat... :)

- Ways to Organise your Wine Collection at Home | Wine at Home | Sonal Holland MW: Kind: captions Language: en hello friends have you been doing some arranging around lately uh while you're under house arrest i've spent some time today trying to arrange my wine collection in my wine cabinet or my wine cellar and i thought i'd quickly known you through how i do it uh so here goes uh here's eurocar this is a professional wine preservation system it kind of runs across different temperature levels uh that the lowest uh few shelves being the coldest and it kind of warms up right at the top when it gets room temperature i like to maintain the temperature between 11 to 15 degrees celsius it's showing slightly higher right now because i've had the door open for a couple of minutes uh and here's how i like to arrange them all my sparkling wines champagnes they all tend to go right at the bottom on this shelf and maybe some which are ready for chilling and ready to serve more immediately sort of tend to go into this little frosted cabinet okay then i tend to stack up my whites uh i now also have a collection of sake so i have a whole cabinet sort of a couple of shelves dedicated to some nice lovely sakes which i've bought from japan lately um then of course my whites and then a vast amount of shelves tend to be dedicated to rents but an important tip here is that the way i like to arrange my reds is of course the ones that are more expensive the ones that are more seller worthy which i want to be keeping for a bit of time or maybe sharing only with very special friends or i don't want to be tempted to drink them more regularly i tend to stack up in my first two shelves here just so i don't sort of reach out for them immediately and my more everyday drinking which which i can pull out anytime if a friend drops over or have sudden guests popping over right now we have nobody coming over by the way but if they do then some of these cabinets is what we tend to go for more immediately because they're more reachable they're more with an easy access so my everyday drinking wine red wines tend to be in this place uh this little cabinet here is is what runs at room temperature so if i'm looking forward to drinking something tonight as i am doing uh i generally tend to tuck away my two bottles here so i have a lovely bottle of barolo and a border tucked away here to be enjoyed tonight uh there's no easy way there's no wrong or right rather you can arrange your wines in any way you like you can go by country you can dedicate one shelf to every country you can do it by grape varieties if that's how you tend to choose your wines as you can sort of arrange them by different grape varieties there's a number of ways to do it but i hope this was helpful for you i've done a bit of spring cleaning with in my wine cabinet i'm feeling really good about myself how about you see you tonight

- Rare Wine Expert Maureen Downey on Inside Edition Fake Wine Episode: Kind: captions Language: en a lot of people enjoy a nice glass of wine from time to time well it turns out that fine wine just like fine antiques or great art is sometimes faked and even the most sophisticated connoisseur of wine can get snookered lisa guerrero and the AI squad show how it's done why would you sell us a bogus bottle of wine why don't any of these wine merchants want to talk to us you've been accused of selling fake wine to people is that true because they've been accused of peddling expensive bottles of phony wine it's a growing problem bogus bottles are turning up at auctions fancy restaurants and liquor stores across the nation so how do you counterfeit wine it's really quite ingenious take an old authentic bottle like this and fill it up with the cheaper red wine then rework it like this and presto a $20 bottle of Merlot becomes a $20,000 bottle of rare wine Maureen Downey is an expert on rare wine and a sleuth when it comes to sniffing out counterfeits it's very praising the counterfeit wine scandal has rocked vineyards across the world and has left many fine wine collectors wondering if they've got a cellar full of fakes one victim of the growing scandal is billionaire Bill Koch how much money do you think you've spent on fake bottles of wine four point three million dollars Wow now you understand why I'm a little irritated in an exclusive interview the billionaire energy tycoon yachtsman and wine enthusiast invited inside addition to his Cape Cod estate to show us his wine cellar that he says is overflowing with fakes unfortunately this bottle cost me 63 thousand dollars and the bloody thing is is all fake an obsessive history buff coke also sunk four hundred thousand dollars into these four bottles once purportedly owned by the author of the Declaration of Independence Thomas Jefferson you can see Jefferson's initials thj engraved right on them but there's just one problem I found out they were totally fake how does he know coke says his investigators traveled Germany and found this glass worker amazingly the craftsman says he was paid to engrave Jefferson's initials onto this bottle fine wine merchant daniel Oliveros didn't sell coke the notorious Jefferson bottles but coke says he did sell him over half a million dollars worth of phony wine are you selling fake wine in your store not we caught up with Oliveros outside royal wine merchants his ritzy wine store in the heart of Wall Street's financial district I asked him about Bill cokes allegations have you sold him fake wine I never sold in any way and I have no more comments saying so could therapy phony wine at your neighborhood liquor store to find out we took our hidden cameras to Park Avenue liquor shop in New York City they showed us this 1953 Chateau Petrus one of the most admired wines in the world grown and bottled exclusively in Bordeaux France their price a hefty $3,400 the salesman assured us that the bottle was authentic and came from Chateau Petrus making it much more valuable $3,400 later here's our bottle it certainly looks almost 60 years old but is it to find out we took our bottle to wine expert Maureen Downey I looked at this bottle and in three seconds saw lots of problems Maureen says an authentic Chateau bottle 1953 Petrus should look like this and say on the label mieze and bouteille Chateau meaning bottled at the Chateau but those words are missing on our bottle she says our cork should say Petrus like this but our says something totally different nor does it have the official seal of Chateau Petrus instead ours has this crown we spent over three thousand dollars for this bottle what is it really worth I think that this bottle is worthless did we get ripped off unfortunately yes wine expert Geoffrey Troy agreed I'm Lisa Guerrero with Inside Edition we went back to the store and showed our bottle to owner michael goldstein let me just ask you quite plainly did you sell us a bogus bottle of wine no not to my knowledge our experts tell us this is a bogus bottle of wine how do you explain their opinion that's it I can probably do you stand by this bottle yes but after we pointed out all the inconsistencies raised by our experts Goldstein offered us a refund you like a refund we would like a refund very much no problem as for Bill Koch he may be a billionaire but you still got a feel for a guy who's poured out a fortune on worthless wine I'm sure there's no sympathy for the billionaires but look fraud is fraud [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @rubengallegos1775 [2 likes]: No sympathy for the billionaires comment..priceless! At the end of it all hes still a billionaire and im still sipping box 🍷😅
  2. @JaydonTobler [2 likes]: Oh man poor Bill Koch... I'm sure that $4.3 million in fake wine he bought really caused some financial hardship...
  3. @marisabeltran3084 [1 likes]: In case you didn't hear him, he is a billionaire.
  4. @abelc5155 [1 likes]: What did the grape say when he got stepped on ? "He let out a little whine" 😅
  5. @turtleblazer3310: 😂
  6. @rexconsulting19: 1:28 what is he a millionaire or a billionaire? Can u make up your mind? Here, you call him a millionaire, then a number of times, you refer to him as a billionaire. How accurate are your proposed facts?
  7. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  8. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  9. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  10. @flameout12345: You have understand that middle wine merchants aren't experts in finding fake rare wines too. They might be caught in the middle as well and than we have another problem if the person swap bottles than how would you know?
  11. @apexxxx10: Merci infiniment, Thanks. Here is a THAI winery, PB Valley in the Khao Yai highlands, three hours from Bangkok
https://youtu.be/5IJR9ooqlxg
  12. @Craftybierfrau: The back of the Jefferson wines state Lafitt Rothschild.... Many many many years before the Rothschild s bought Lafitt
  13. @lenamarvin4604: wine experts are sometimes also involved in wine scams...
  14. @jackjackthompson5771: Wow these “journalists” are insanely hot 😍😍😍😛😛
  15. @Caleres.G: Why not buy the fields...
  16. @Datty77: So now I know how to fake a Petrus from an expert. Thanks!
  17. @josephosornio620: Before you commit to spend that kind of money highly priced and rare wine or liquor do the research!
  18. @noman8892: I sure the hell don't feel bad for that Douche kock, he deserves every bad thing that comes his way
  19. @shrek1345: Same
  20. @grayfivesealschmidt9298: Maybe just don't but expensive wine lol

- Counterfeit Wine Pushes Billionaire Over the Edge: Kind: captions Language: en what's it waiting on that's a lot of change in a lot of people collect one like they do high priced art and this dispute is about the purchase of about three dozen bottles of extraordinarily priced French wine that was supposed to date back to the Napoleonic era and billion our collective Bill Koch the founder of an oil company now suing one-time billion Aaron wine collector eric greenberg he founded to internet companies whose stocks have since decline now Koch claims greenberg consigned the allegedly bogus wine coca said to be spending millions on the court battle filing suit in 2007 over purchases that date back to 2000 for Nicole's original claim concerned 36 bottles he paid half a billion for the case has now been reduced to 24 bottles he paid 350 thousand for a jury at six men and two women whose average yearly income made pale in comparison of the cost of one bottle of Napoleonic wine will decide the case and very interestingly one retired juror used to deliver wine in the South of France Eric I sue I'm having trouble figuring out what the purpose of this trial is given everything that you've just explained well you know the judge asked this very question because one of the things we know is that Bill Koch has filed mini suits regarding wine although this is the first one to go to trial and there could be a second trial over damages the judges ruled he will allow Greenberg who's on the stand again today to show he tried to reimburse coke but was rebuffed as for the Koch brothers the better-known ones david and charles of koch industries their old billionaires Bill Koch the founder of oxbow carbon and minerals of four billion dollar-a-year oil company lives in Florida owns a cattle ranch outside of Aspen and get this he recently made headlines not just for buying an historic town including a jail outside of Aspen but for being sued by a former employee for quote false imprisonment California judge determined last month that the lawsuit could go forward in another jurisdiction so obviously coke no stranger to the courtroom

  Top Comments:
  1. @60CycleKen [1 likes]: Karma, Koch ; Koch, Karma... You know Karma, the Kochs are known for funding the Tea Party, & wasting alot of peoples time. ;-)
  2. @cosmosgato [1 likes]: Let's just hope the lawyers spend as much of Koch's money as possible.

- US court: renowned wine dealer 'lied over fake vintages': Kind: captions Language: en he came and he wanted to sell me all these wines that were 1940s and 1950s palmeros lefleur and um and petrus and i thought that was crazy and the labels seemed photocopied to me so i asked him for receipts and he couldn't give me any the people who were funding him and the auction house that was making all the money by selling his wine were making sure that he was you know protected and when i say protected i mean by having more people say that he's a good guy than having people listen to somebody like me who was saying that there's fraud going on what i hope we're doing at the moment is making wine collectors aware that there are a lot of fake bottles out there that they must be careful they must pay attention and that most vineyards now protect their bottles against forgery and for most of those forgers still out there to know they're really at risk

- The Most Expensive Wine Scam in History Ever ll #redcase #crime #truestory: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello Red Case listeners. Welcome back to the channel that dives into the darkest corners of human deception, the most chilling crimes, and the stories that remind us not all that glitters is gold. Today, we bring you a story that does not involve blood, a weapon, or a missing person, but instead a bottle of wine worth thousands poured with a lie. This is the story of Rudy Konowan, the man known as that wine fraud king, the ventner of deceit, or as some called him, the wine mafia. His crime, simple, but brilliant. He sold fake wine to billionaires and made millions doing it. But how did a young man from Indonesia, barely in his 20s, manipulate the world's elite with nothing more than charisma, counterfeit labels, and a wine seller full of lies? Tonight, we uncawk the mystery of the man who conned the connoisseurs. This is Rudy Kunioan, and the most expensive scam served in a glass. It began like a fairy tale. In the early 2000s, New York's wine auction scene was booming. Collectors were paying hundreds of thousands, sometimes millions, for rare vintage bottles. Wine wasn't just a drink. It was art, an investment, a statement. And then came Rudy, a young, charming man with a mysterious accent, a bottomless wallet, and as it seemed, the rarest collection of wine in the world. But who was he really? Rudy claimed he came from an extremely wealthy Indonesian Chinese family. He said his family made their fortune in bottled water and oil. He dressed in fine suits, drove luxury cars, and was always seen with a smile and a glass of burgundy in hand. People described him as warm, generous, and elusive. But there was a problem. No one really knew him, and he wanted to keep it that way. By 2002, Rudy exploded onto the US wine scene. He started appearing at high-end auctions hosted by Akamel Condid, one of the top auction houses in the country. He bid with Reckless abandon. $50,000 for a case of 1982 Chateau Lafle. No problem. $200,000 for a rare domain de la Romany Conti. He'd take two. But soon something strange happened. He wasn't just buying wine. He started selling it. And not just small sales. In 2006 alone, Rudy sold over $35 million worth of rare wine at auction. His bottles were immaculate, perfect labels, flawless corks, dusted just right, like they had sat in a private French seller for decades. Buyers rushed in, thrilled to finally get their hands on vintages they thought were long gone. But here's the twist. Some of those vintages never existed. One man who began to suspect something was off was Lauron Ponot, a fourth generation wine maker from Burgundy, France. In 2008, he got a tip. Bottles of Clo Staint Dennis 1945 were being sold at an AKA auction labeled as made by his family's vineyard. The problem, his vineyard didn't start making Closent Dennis until 1982. It was impossible. He flew to New York, walked into the auction house and demanded answers, but the bottles were already gone. He asked, "Who sold them?" The name Rudy Kunioan. Behind the scenes, Rudy's empire wasn't what it seemed. He was renting a modest house in Arcadia, California. He lived with his mother and a small staff. He threw extravagant dinners, serving up thousand wines like water. People said his generosity was intoxicating, but in reality, he was deeply in debt. He owed over $10 million to banks and wine dealers. To stay afloat, he began making his own wine, mixing cheaper bottles together, reabeling them with forged vintage labels, and sealing them to perfection. He had turned his kitchen into a counterfeit wine lab. In March 2012, everything came crashing down. At dawn, federal agents knocked on Rudy's door. Inside, they found a full-scale forgery operation. Thousands of fake wine labels, corking machines, dusting tools, old empty bottles soaked clean, and hundreds of bottles mid- prep being turned from cheap wines into million-doll fakes. The FBI described it as an assembly line of fraud. He was arrested on the spot. The charge mail and wire fraud tied to over $30 million in counterfeit wine sales. In 2013, Rudy's trial began in New York. The courtroom was packed with journalists, wine experts, and former victims, including billionaire Bill Co, who had unknowingly bought hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of Rudy's fake bottles. Evidence showed that Rudy had sold at least 12,000 bottles of counterfeit wine. He had made over $40 million from the fraud. And not a single legitimate family estate confirmed producing the wines he claimed to have. When asked to speak, Rudy said nothing, no apology, no defense, just silence. Rudy Conowan was found guilty on all counts. In 2014, he was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison, the first person in US history to be convicted of wine fraud. He was also ordered to pay $28.4 million in restitution and forfeit another $20 million in assets when his prison term ended in 2021. He was immediately deported to Indonesia where his current whereabouts remain unknown. Some believe he's quietly living under another name. Others say he's plotting a return in another industry. Another lie. Because once you taste power, it's hard to give it up. You might think this is a victimless crime. Just some rich wine collectors losing money, right? But that's the wrong way to look at it. For collectors, fine wine is a legacy, a connection to culture, history, and even identity. Some people spend decades tracking down specific vintages. And for many, it wasn't just about drinking. It was about trust. One collector said he bought a 1947 Chateau Laflur from Rudy for $50,000. He saved it for a special occasion. When the day came, he opened the bottle. It tasted like nothing. Flat sour. He didn't even finish the glass. He later found out the real 1947 Chateau Laflur has never been sold publicly. He had bought a fantasy. That's what Rudy sold, not wine, stories, dreams. And when those dreams shattered, so did the pride of the people who thought they knew better. Rudy's arrest sent shock waves through the global wine industry. Auction houses, once the gatekeepers of authenticity, were now under scrutiny. How could they allow one man to sell millions of dollars in fake wine without checking the truth? They were making money, too. Auction houses take a cut, sometimes 20% or more, of each sale. So when Rudy's bottles drove up prices, they didn't ask questions. They simply opened the bidding. The scandal forced companies to implement stricter verification protocols. New technologies emerged like microscopic label analysis, ultraviolet ink checks, and even DNA testing of corks. The wine world could no longer afford to rely on taste alone because taste can lie. Even after all this, the arrest, the trial, the prison sentence, one question still lingered. Who was Rudy Kunoan? His real name, Jean Wang Huang. He was born in Jakarta, Indonesia in 1976 to a Chinese Indonesian family. At some point, he entered the US on a student visa, but it expired. He stayed anyway, living undocumented for over a decade. He wasn't wealthy. There was no bottled water empire, no oil fortune. His past was built on illusions just like his wine. And yet somehow he charmed everyone. Why do people like Rudy do what they do? Psychologists say that con artists aren't just liars, they're performers. They thrive on admiration. They study their victims. They manipulate not just facts, but emotions. Rudy had mastered the language of wine. He studied flavor notes, vineyard histories, soil conditions, and bottle shapes. He could tell you with conviction that a 1929 Burgundy tasted like velvet and ash, and people believed him. He understood one thing better than anyone. People want to believe, especially the rich, especially when the lie is wrapped in prestige. Rudy served nearly 9 years of his 10-year sentence. In early 2021, he was released from federal prison, but his freedom was short-lived. ICE immediately detained him and within weeks, he was deported back to Indonesia. And that's where the trail goes cold. No one knows where he is now. No photos, no interviews, no statements. Some say he's hiding in Jakarta, living a quiet life under a new identity. Others believe he's moved onto a new scam in a different industry. Wine. No, that door is closed. But conmen rarely stop. They just evolve. In the end, Rudy's empire was built on just three things: charm, counterfeit labels, and a deep understanding of human vanity. He didn't need violence. He didn't need threats. He simply told people what they wanted to hear, and they paid him for it. $50 million gone, thousands of bottles lost, reputations destroyed, collectors humiliated, all because of one man with a kitchen full of glue, corks, and lies. So, here's the question we leave you with. Was Rudy Kunoan a criminal? Or was he simply a mirror, a reflection of how much we crave status, of how badly we want to belong in elite circles, of how little we question when something feels exclusive? In a way, Rudy didn't invent the illusion. He just exposed it. He reminded us that fraud doesn't always wear a mask. Sometimes it wears a tuxedo and hands you a glass of 1947 burgundy. So, the next time someone offers you something rare, something priceless, something too perfect to be true, take a moment and ask, "What's really in this bottle?" Thank you for watching Red Case. If you enjoyed this story, please hit the like button, subscribe, and share it with someone who loves mystery, deception, and true crime. Tell us in the comments what do you think happened to Rudy Cornwan. We'll see you in the next case. Until then, stay curious, stay safe, and never stop asking questions.

- HOW TO SPOT A FAKE: Kind: captions Language: en Jamie Richie is CEO of Sabby's wine in the US and Asia. In the world of rare trophy wine, even the most educated connoisseur can get duped. An existing bottle. A client bought this for $10,000. This one bottle. He said, "Let's open it." I said, I took a look at it and I said, "Let's not because I didn't think it was right." Um, just by looking at it. And when you look at it through a loop, which magnifies the label, you can see that it is a copied label. With one photocopied label, a counterfeitter made $10,000. These bottles look similar to the untrained eye. But Richie knows how to spot a fake. So the labels are genuine. They come from genuine bottles. They've taken two labels off other bottles and they've put them on these bottles. These bottles are from a lesser expensive Italian wine from a a very good brand called Antonori. The Vado Seron is always meant to have a pink capsule. So this is a bit of amateur hour.

- The Wines That Collectors Look For: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Wine's something that changes and evolves the differences between a young wine compared to that same wine 20 50 or 100 years of age you see an extraordinary Journey the group of collectors that we work with around the world has become more and more diverse gone to the days when it was reduced to kind of older Englishmen uh stepping down into their their centuries old sellers collectors are looking for wines that are balanced that have the ability to age evolve the old saying is that there are no such thing as great old wines only great bottles so collectors are constantly searching for that one bottle that changes everything for example take a wine um like the wine we have here chatow laf Rothchild 1961 from Bordeaux it comes from the very Apex of quality wine making in the region and 1961 is one of the five or six greatest vintages of the 20th century the wines predominantly made from cabinet Soom the grape that gives wine of this region their backbone their tanic bite and promotes the longevity that they're famous for a collector can be confident that they're requiring something that will be fresh will still have a great balance between the fruit the tanin and and acidity from there perhaps The Collector would move into a region like burgundy the grape is Pinon Noir which is a thinner skin variety than the cabinet so it leads to lighter more delicate wines this bottle is uh Chan CL beds from uh a historic domain domain favly based in Lis San George from the mid '70s it's a wine that can be difficult to understand and enjoy it first but I think in the eyes of many collectors it's the absolute Zenith of wine appreciation I think one of the most interesting categories of wine that we sell at Christi is are the rare wines from madira off the coast of Africa the wines are absolutely singular this is a bottle of tanes from 1842 so if you consider the way that the the world has changed and the experiences this bottle may have had what's amazing is these wines are practically indestructible uh neutral spirit is added which halts the fermentation and leaves a level of sweetness and then the wines are heated up using a method which is totally unique to madira that process creates the Nutty caramelized quality it's not just wine that we sell we have been selling more and more Spirits we have a fantastic bottle grum Champagne Cognac from 1800 which originally came from the collection of L in Paris one of the most historic restaurants the cacs originally would have been shipped from from the CNAC region directly to Paris and were then bottled on site hence the at neck label and print on the capsule the great thing about spirits is as soon as a spirit is placed in the bottle essentially it doesn't age any longer what you're pouring in the glass reflects directly what somebody would have tasted then so there's something very magical and compelling about that I think wine is an integral part of culture for centuries and these days more collectors enjoy finding wines that offer experiences that you might not find in the more traditional regions it's an exciting time to be involved in wine and to to be a drinker

  Top Comments:
  1. @the_corkreporter [22 likes]: Why he is shaking this bottles. These wines are very sensitive.
  2. @olivermcindoe2303 [12 likes]: He handles the bottle like if were a rattling toy..
  3. @abax64 [6 likes]: Great!
Fantastic commentator and sommelier.
Congratulations!
  4. @newgoliard6059 [5 likes]: Rudy Kurniawan is looking for them too!
  5. @Underneaththebottle [4 likes]: I'm crazy about Madeira! I plan to buy and age, a lot, whenever I get a proper storing location. This video is so good! Thumbs-up 👍🍷
  6. @jukka-pekkatuominen4540 [2 likes]: I think the title should be Why to collect wine. Not how. There is nothing on the video about that.

- Every Wine Explained in 10 minutes Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Cabernet San in the 17th century Cabernet Fran and San Blanc grapes were an unlikely pair they produced a new wine in France it soon became very popular this wine had strong complex tastes of black currant and a touch of mint it pairs well with dishes like grilled steak or H cheddar but Cabernet Savon isn't just a one trick pony it's been the top grape for everyone throughout history from ancient Romans to modern-day celebrities so next time you supp a glass of cab remember you're not just drinking wine you're enjoying a delicious piece of History cheers to that Mero it's a grape type that had many ups and downs in the world of wine Mero and Cabernet San are often mixed but they have unique histories both came from the ber region in France Cabernet San came in the 17th century meanwhile Mero emerged in the late 18th century it became popular for softening cabs t canons over time Merlo gained popularity as a standalone wine it's shown in the right Bank of Berto these regions had clayr soils ideal for its growth meanwhile cabrin svan thrived in the Left Bank which had grally soils this Terre difference shaped their qualities Mero produced softer fruer Wines in contrast Cabernet svon had more structure it was also more intense in the late 20th century Merlin became very popular this was especially true in the United States it was seen as an easy to drink red Peno Noir people love this grape for its unique taste but it poses challenges to Growers and wine makers it needs specific conditions making great wines takes careful attention the best Pino Noir also comes for burgundy in France and today cool areas of California like the Russian River Valley they share a key trait a cool climate that helps grapes slowly ripen this leads to rich flavors and a good balance of fru and acidity to truly appreciate the nuances of Pino Noir it's crucial to pair with the right Foods the wine is delicate and subtly earthy it pairs well with dishes that have mushrooms truffles or gay Meats like Duck or venison Pino Noir also pairs well with salmon shiras also known as SAR is a grape variety that has captivated wine enthusiasts with its bold and spicy character shiras is from the Ron Valley in France it is found a second home in the sunny Vineyards of Australia where it is a Signature variety The Grape thrives in warm dry climates examples are the barasa valley and McLaren Val the long growing season lets the grapes develop Rich concentrated flavors when it comes to food pairings shiras is a versatile wine that can stand up to bold and savory flavors it's spicy notes and robust tannins make it an excellent companion to grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or venison the Wine's dark fruit flavors go well with dishes with Rich tomato based sauces these include classic spaghetti bolog they also have slow cooked Ru but how does chiras compar to the equally bold and flavorful malbeck malbeck is another bold flavorful red wine it's similar to chiras but has its own distinct character malba comes from the C region of France it is found its true home in the High Altitude Vineyards of Argentina especially in the Mendoza region the grape thrives in warm sunny days and cool nights of the Andis foot hills it develops a unique flavor that sets it apart from its French counterpart both malbeck and shiras have dark fruit flavors and a full body but malbeck tends to have a softer more velvety texture with less harsh tannin fruit flavors dominate its taste they're Lush and ripe like Blackberry Plum and black cherry they're often accompanied by hints of cocoa vanilla and even a touch of tobacco this is thanks to the Wine's frequent agent and Oak barrels but what sets malbeck apart from other red wine varietals the answer lies in its unique Journey from the old world to the new it is a adapted to its new home in the high altitudes of Argentina Rosé rosé wine is pink and comes from many places Province France is a major producer to make it wine makers briefly soak red grape skins and Juice this creates Hues from light to vibrant pink its taste varies it often mixes red fruit flavors with sharp acidity common notes include strawberries cherries and citrus making it light and tasty the sunent is floral and fruity with hints of rose petals fruits and melon it is versatile and refreshing this makes it a great match for dishes it complement salads Seafood meats and spicy foods chardonay moving on to delicious white varietal let's explore the world of Chardonnay it's a white wine that has captured many hearts shardon started in Burgundy France it has a long history dating to the Middle Ages as the name suggests they named it after Chardon Village this Village is in the Macon region over time this grape has spread across the globe it found new homes in places like California and Australia when it comes to taste chardonay is known for its diverse flavor profile the wine ranges from crisp and mineral driven to Rich and buttery it showcases a wide range of characteristics in cooler climates Chardonnay has flavors of green apple citrus in a hint of minerality in warmer areas it tastes more like tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango also many Chardon are asan oak giving them vanilla butter and toasted bread flavors this process increases the Wine's depth and complexity soan Blanc soan Blanc is a popular white wine with a sharp taste and unique flavors it's loved by wine enthusiasts worldwide this grape grows best and cool climates like the lar Valley in France and New Zealand's Malboro region there it develops its crisp refreshing taste high acidity gives savan Blanc its Lively zesty feel svan Blanc smell varies by region and wine making methods cooler areas often offer grassy Pepper or nettle notes thanks to purin the notes shift to tropical fruit is grapes ripen this happens especially in warm regions like California or South Africa its acidity and complexity makes San Blanc a great pairing for dishes it suits Light Summer meals and herbs like basil or mint also it enhances Seafood notably oysters with its acidity reasing reasing is a great Variety steeped in history and romance it traces back to the pretty Ry region of Germany people have known this Noble grap for centuries they've grown it on the Steep Terrace slopes of the Rind Valley there it has developed a unique character that character reflects the Region's special terar the cool climate and mineral Rich soils of the rine make the grapes sweet and acidic this creates wines that range from bone dry to Sweet reasing pairs well with food it is beloved for many types of dishes the wines off dry to Sweet styles are a perfect match for spicy Asian Cuisines such as Thai or Indian Vino Verde the refreshing an effervescent Portuguese white wine this wine is unique its name green wine doesn't mean it's green it refers to its youthful vibrant character Veno ver is made in the Lush Green Hills in the Minho region in Northern Portugal the cool damp climate and fertile soils there are perfect for growing the local grape varieties used to make kit it's bright acidity and Fizz make it perfect for seafood this is especially true for shellfish and grilled fish it also pairs well with salads and light appetizers so the next time you're looking for a unique and refreshing white wine to enjoy in a warm day grab a bottle of Veno Verde you'll get to experience the youthful charm of this Portuguese specialty zen fendel zen fundel is a grape variety that has captured the hearts of wine enthusiasts it has bold and spicy character it is known for making wines that are robust and fruity it often includes notes of blackberry raspberry and black pepper Zen fendel has a rich history in California where it has been cultivated since the mid 19th century the grape's origins however can be traced back to Croatia when it comes to food pairings zandel is bold and spicy it's ideal for hearty and flavorful dishes the wine has robust cannons and high alcohol they pair beautifully with grilled Meats such as beef or lamb they also go well with spicy Cuisines like Mexican or Indian zendel is also perfect with Rich tomato based dishes these include pasta with meat sauce or pizza champagne champagne is effervescent it epitomizes luxury and celebration it owes its character to a unique fermentation process called the metod champenois this labra intensive method involves a second fermentation in the bottle it gives the wine its Bubbles and complex flavor yeast and sugar dance in the bottle they make a symphony of smells and tastes these range from hints of citrus and bage to Rich toasty undertones the history of champagne is as captivating as the wine its Origins date back to the 17th century in the region of France with the same name here the monk D peran is said to have found the secrets of sparkling wine he said come quickly I am tasing the Stars comment and let me know if I left any wines out toao

  Top Comments:
  1. @beefb0ss [1 likes]: AI SLOP
  2. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌏🌍🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  3. @FoodItemsExplain: Video so nice but...... 😊
  4. @ExplainedDishes: Love how you explained everything about wine.
  5. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  6. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  7. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  8. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champagne!  
🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  9. @annataranto1414: What about Beaujolais?
  10. @mikemike3675: Modern day celebrities turned me off who gives a **
  11. @brettbourgeois5379: "Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc in the 1700 century." a few seconds later "and was enjoyed by the ancient Romans." AI trash
  12. @BehindTheBoottle: love this
  13. @aimeelouvier-sutton: All wine tastes like rotten fruit🤢🤢
  14. @KaitlynLifeDiaries: love the video
  15. @Pnm23: What is a Vinho Verde? Nothing but a Region, not a type of wine!
  16. @MerlinMoorlo: Everything you should know that every wine started in.... Burgundy, France. There are no such a thing as "american" wine in the universe. Its a sh*t. If you need real wine buy only French wine.
  17. @BornFree21: Aka the blood of the lamb
  18. @FloatyCatHazy: That is unsettleling and facinating at the same time, she maged to explain all wines but not a single one from Italy, like talking about box legends not metioning Tyson
  19. @strawberrycakez-b9z: You should stop using AI for your voiceovers girl
  20. @calicopiratecat: It's remarkable to choose the worst grapes for making wine video.

- Collectors Club Notes - Roscioli Wine Club - Fall 2020: Kind: captions Language: en so hello andy this is alessandro we spoke on the phone a week ago and i believe that this video is for you but as far as i understood this for your husband right this is a gift you're getting for your husband so i'm here to try to convince you but more than everyone to convince your husband what an incredible gift you uh actually did uh this is a shipment of uh 12 bottles of what is called the collectors club the first level is actually almost there the highest version of our collector there's also another one if you want so you want to operate as far as understood your father your husband is a geeky wine guy or a snobbish wine guy like we all are actually everyone that is into wine tends to be a bit snobbish so you need to have some snobbish informations about it our wine club is not just a wine club it's much more than that i know the special in the u.s the wine club is considered something a bit cheesy most of the times about selling wines that's got a really low price and so on our right club is completely different we're talking about first of all a selection that is really really tailor-made it means a shipment after shipment we would like to get in to interact with you and so would you like would you dislike and and also to you know taylormade a bit if you prefer like you know maybe some burgundy whites or rats from ccd and so on um in any i always suggest that to be curious so the reason why joining wine club is not necessarily to try what you already know about something that is a different something that is unique and also to train your palate to different flavors nowadays especially when we talk about the certain kind of wines uh i call them it's not just the mass-produced ones i'm talking about wines are you know the parkerized wine so those ones are somehow based on a recipe usually involves a bordeaux blend and all the usual grape varieties are mainly produced in most of the international or the new world wine wine regions where the grave rise are usually always the same and this is limiting a bit the potential of how wine can be so uh surprising and unique and you know how do you geoculturally defined um wine and a great variety someone called it you can call it whatever you want so this is our 12 bottles usually how does it work is 12 bottles twice a year shipment six and six and usually we choose a couple of sparkling couple of whites and the rest will be red but again if you want to change the selection this is totally tailor made that's why this video is just for you even if it is on youtube it's not listed on youtube so only if you share this link you can see it's going to be quite a long video so i will put even timing so you can find each wine description if you just click below that is the notes of the youtube not here but on on the on the youtube website so you can go directly to see a description of a specific wine so let's start with the sparkling okay sparkling wine is a really really tough matter used to be my first love when i started to drink wine 30 years ago because i know i remember my first bottle of dom perignon was kind of an epiphany uh before dom perignon somehow started to over produce i would say the end of the 90s nowadays i i still like dom perignon but i think that four million bottles is a bit too much technically officially is four million but someone says it's probably more than six million bar i still you know happy if i drink a an innotech 96 or a trashian plenitude from 1969 possibly the best department i had in my life with kruger claudium in 1985 but the problem don't bring on is that it's just the recipe means that the yeast they put it inside it's all about the specific recipe that that genius called the jeffrey was able to create in the last 15 20 years 15 i would say more than 20 years and the chef de capone perignon and to me he's a master you know making the quality for four million bottles but you know i would never put a domino in my collective collection because you can find don't bring on almost even in tesco's nowadays in supermarkets so immediately if i need sometimes they really cheap bars in in the suburbs of rome price could be between 140 150 euros possibly new assets even less so so there is no point uh to to to to put a dom perignon in it so uh when i when i choose when i select the sparkling i have to be really careful i was lucky enough to to help um luca bouree and maurizio paparello like talking about 10 years ago more or less they created a guide called the 99 champagne but now is internationally recognized as a really good guide it was like the best of 99 champagne and i remember we were doing the sessions and drinking like every time like 30 40 champagne in a row and it was a tough job someone had to do it but i learned so many things from that and also from my travel to to champagne but i had my really second epiphany after don perignon when i was able to uh visit them the rhymes beyo champagne festival it's every year on usually is around october uh april 20th i don't know if this year with coffee they will do it but if you want to learn something about sparking go there it's incredible you have possibly all the best champagne that you like are there i'm talking about the small growers i'm not talking about pomera kruger bolanger or bowling garage if you want to say it in german style and dom perignon of course those wineries which i absolutely respect they you know beside their big crews usually i don't know i don't know if i will ever drink a pomegranate i don't really care about drinking pomegranate even tattoo the basic one maybe yes cristal is a bit up and down you know puff daddy loves it but even tarantino in four rooms and there is a beautiful scene i'll send it to you he's talking about krista but you know what i'm talking about those wines more than wines are beautiful incredible sophisticated beverages because beside the quality of the grape which is you know i know that they sell especially kruger um eric labelle he's a genius in selecting grapes and he helps the the small growers that to to raise and to treat the vineyard properly so that they can have a good grape at the end but even though we're talking about a lot a lot of bottles a lot of bottles hundreds of thousands so you cannot really control the quality of every single passage so at the end most of the energy is focused in the seller in the salary means the two things is about you know finding the right recipe of sugar liquor and and yeast so that the wines will taste all the same second of all able maybe to keep some all the tanks of some specific vintages you like for example at the moment the kuve gran crew the grand cube from krug at the moment i think it's a blend of 20 different vintages then 166 that the last coupe i think it involves in 1990 1986 a bit in 98 and few others so it's it's an alchemy approach to wine production nothing to do with the concept of you know burgundy style wine production is about you know the small vineyard and and um keeping being able to keep in control okay taking control of all the process and so this small group of growers they started to you know create a group to say you know guys until yesterday there was only these big wineries and some unknown small growers which are more than 000 by the way so we would like to create a kind of a consortium of quality organic winemakers that they like to respect quality they respect the wine process especially in the vineyard so wines made in the vienna are not in the cellar so on a burgundy style i would say uh celos was one of the first ones you probably know if you are you know wine passionate celeste sometimes i put it in my my in my in my selection celeste uh celos was the first one that started to do the crew ones the crew ones he means the champagne they come from that specific vineyard i can somehow possibly say that the first the crew wines was claude domenil from 1979 at the beginning was not man they didn't buy kruger didn't buy that vineyard thinking about the crew uh but then they decided that the wine was so good there and it became probably the most expensive champagne ever more than dom perignon for sure i mean i buy myself a bottle every year with my wife and we celebrate usually my birthday or her birthday and you know it costs a lot of money but it's really good so the crew actually started to be an issue even for a small grower mainly because of celos and he created a group i would say celeste vincent laval and after that marget marget to me is the new star of champagne production everyone is talking about marquette and trust me those champagne here i am to prove it if it's not gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up in the next two years this champagnes from i'm talking about the second bottle over here they're gonna cost a lot of money already now it's a hundred dollars but or whatever 120 but in the future it's going to be really really really expensive i've seen actually the marghe [Music] i think that was like 600 so it's a good deal just with that bottle you buy all the other ones so but before talking about champagne let's talk about italy let's give a chance to our beautiful country which is possibly a bit unfamous for its sparkling and the main most important sparkling wine from italy is called the prosecco i call it the chicken mcnuggets of wine i don't even want to talk about prosecco it makes me feel bad there are some good prosecco i'm talking about the one that are actually producing the higher heels of bald but 99 prosecco it's the midwest of wine production i can make jokes about mr because my wife is from there and so when i brought her in prosecco in the prosecco area you brought me back in the suburbs of detroit because it's just a valet instead of corn fields that you have this stupid vineyard there are totally totally lame and we're talking about wines that cost three dollars per bottle maybe sold in us for 20 25 but usually here's three 350. uh 300 million bottles then there is a small area not so far from the prosecutor if you know a bit about wine probably you know about it but franciacorta became famous internationally only in the last seven eight years before was the fancy wine pro sparkling wine production and we're not so far from milan the idea was to imitate champagne let me tell you something i my ideas about mine change quite often but something that i realized is about my aesthetical approach to pleasure my aesthetic approach to pressure is try to avoid redundancy try to avoid homologation repetition so i don't like imitations so to me if you are planting a cabernet in tuscany you have to tell me why you are doing that what's the reason behind it and most of those winemakers will tell you secretly especially after a big night of drinking the reason why they did it is because of tourism it's for commercial reasons it's not because they like the cabernet from tuscany but it becomes a lot of foreigners so i actually came out with the idea that most of the super tuscan are just a bad imitation of napa valley which is sometimes a bad imitation of bordeaux please don't bring me here the bottle shock thing i am not saying that napa valley doesn't make beautiful wines in a way yes but that's not the point it's not about quality it is about upon the more than 5 000 type of greek varieties you have all over the world why 95 percent of the minions in the new world are mainly planted on five grave varieties cabernet merlot sauvignon maybe like in australia and malbec and argentina but biodiversity surely is not a big concept why is that because those regions had to grow so fast and it was easier for them to sell the grave ray more than the soil and the plates and also was easier to reduce the complexity of choice in italy we have are lucky enough that we're not really organized and commercial as americans or australians so we still mess up with more than two thousand grave rates so that's the beauty of this country that every single village you go you're gonna find a different flavor no so said that after a you know bottle of the bottle it happens i don't know if it happened the same thing to you or to your collector's friends and wine passionate friend that you know you might start to get a bit tired if you travel south and north of napa maybe you would like to go in oregon or you would like to go in washington state you would like to go in santa barbara another country maybe after that you would like to go to bordeaux and then after bordeaux you would like to go to the valley and valley you have the wrong ballet and then you have barolo and then you have barbaresco and so you have you will notice that it's not a matter to find a winner or a loser which is that robert parker or james suckling approach you know giving points to wine but it's about you know training your palate to a cultural biodiversity so every single sip will give you a different emotion this is then you will find with you will surely certain points start to decide that you prefer one one to the other but that's a different thing that's a different thing to me as an aesthetic you know as a musician for example as this painter as a writer you know you like to be omnivorous so it means you like me to try different things and to me italy is a beautiful gym it's a cultural gym for your body he comes from chakra now i will partially contradict myself because this guy what he did he used the artificial chardonnay a bit of a pinot noir but what actually he did he went in a completely different direction from all his neighbor because his neighbor they tend to plant the vineyards in the valley they tend to harvest the grape when it was too young when it was too raw somehow so to maintain the acidity because uh franciacorta near milan is not like champagne we're talking about a region a specific region sorry which is 120 you know sorry 70 kilometers north east of milan east of milan and so they started to imitate champagne without achieving it because most of those ones were just bad imitation of champagne what's the one maybe cheaper but who cares you know sometimes italians okay i can drink a good french quarter for five dollars less than a champagne or ten dollars you know i would rather spend ten dollar more instead of getting poisoned by all this yeast and selected yeast and and and liquor and sugar that gives me a lot of headache in the morning so this guy he created a system called the solu that means only grape this says he's probably high level only 700 bottles produced so this 20 2008 i don't think this one it's on the market maybe you're gonna find few bottles it's not as expensive as the other but keep it take care and maybe drink it beside it so these are the two bubbles over here one and two champagne versus italy would be incredible to me one of the best the growers at the moment recall tom manipur how you say it in english as in a grower and and two friends actually they are producing the wine together 10 years on its own east while this one here is only supposed to remember four years on his own yeast okay le beaumont we're talking about a hundred percent i'm sure yes hundred percent sure than air because sometimes he puts a bill over bland i'm totally blind because of the lights but i'm pretty sure you're 100 but it's coming from rain's mountains probably you know the rain montes is mainly pinot noir if you go to ambone for example um they called mountains but there are more higher hills comparing to the flat area of valle de la mar for sure is actually you can consider them mountains cooler climate this is usually a mix of chalk and and and clay soil i think i have a video of margaret i surely have a video when you carry so you can get some more technical information directly from their mouth by the way they are both good friends so if you want to ask them a question i can surely ask them directly and they will surely ask them for sure giovanni arkhari so franciacorta from ireland champagne from reigns mountains le bomo two completely different style zero sulfite saturn in this wine which is really rare in champagne zero sulfites means you can drink a couple of bottles of this one no headache tomorrow don't do that you just say potentially uh i know you can but you have only one you have two order and another one while this one here maybe i have been a bit of a sulfites but surely not strong no almost no added sugar in this one here and it's a beautiful comparison because this is 10 years age so this could be slightly rounder this might be slightly crispier with a bit of more metallic and acidity at the end if you have to i don't know which one you should start with if you want to try them together my suggestion invited seven eight good friends and do the champagne sparkling tasting italy versus france i know it's not a challenge but in a way it is and uh my suggestion we're talking about pairing we're talking about really important bubbles here so do not pair with something really easy um fish is always a a good choice i would i wouldn't go with oysters unless you have some good nutty hazelnut buttery fat oysters without any lemon without any seawater in it to just you know do like this and and eat the oster as it is in that case possibly i would say a regal if you can find it but i don't think you can find regalizers in the us baja california obaya how do you say baja california are the ones that are more similar that i tried i actually found a really good ice cream in california i was quite surprised even bachelor california i think it's mexico mexico whatever but that's a good choice beside that i would go for king prawns with perfect lobster will be absolutely perfect uh but you know to me there are there is no limits for a good sparkling pairing um i used to pair i remember was parmigiano preparing like a good manchego or a comte from jura with this one here a good contender is maybe 24 36 months so another really buttery soft one the slightly that is bit more chalky one and or even a fillet steak i mean as long as you don't pair with anything sweet no barbecue sauce no ketchup no no no no no disgusting things like those ones okay so marge and will also write a technical description of each one so short lines where you can have some information so you don't want to listen to all these boring stories now we're going to move to the whites uh i will do the ones paired one with the other okay this is my creation i am personally responsible for this one so if you don't like it uh you have to blame myself because when i first tasted this wine it was a bottle an old bottle of 2012 at now we are in sicily on the mountain aetna 700 meters 750 meters on the sea level in a beautiful palmento there is a video of the winemaker i'll send it to you you just click for the subtitles in youtube and it's english subtitle took last a lot of time to do those videos so please appreciate it it's a nice way to get in touch directly with the waymakers as you can feel it you're part of the thing that's the main thing of us when you taste the wine i'm gonna tell you to you but also to your friends when you drink wines don't drink label labels don't drink bottles drink places drink people in the sense that you drink environments cultural social experiences that's what it's wine about it's not about the label it's what's behind it okay so go directly to the source of the wine my suggestion that's what our wine club is about so this says vietnam the main grave variety there is caricante but there are probably other ones minella is another one uh i remember when i was talking about with them uh rosario pappalardo and the husband of the owner because actually the owner of the winery is alicia bonacorsi and he said here i don't know which grave varieties i have in my opinion i have no clue i you know i might have some like 10 different group fries every week every year we discover a new one it's not even registered so forget about the grief ready for the moment i would say that it's mainly caricante which is a grape variety that matched perfectly with the volcanic soil even more i would say that the nerello mascares which is the official red wine from there volcanic soil rich of iron it's beautiful gives this beautiful smoky finish like this is the wine with sulfites without sulfites it means that you have a sulforam sense on the smell but not of that sulfite usually that is there just to preserve the wine it's a natural surface and when i was there the winery we tried this wine he brought this bottle from the seller so i have a lasting 90 bottles there and uh you know i want to keep it there because i like 2012 and i said you know uh rosario this is the best white italian white wines i had in the last five years so please keep those bottle on the side leave it there because this one in a couple of years is gonna be incredible what do you mean leave it there i'm gonna buy them all believe it there in the cellar okay if you want to label it with limited edition okay and that's what he did so this bottle technically doesn't exist he kept the 20 bottle for himself so and that's it so it's a 2012 limited edition caricante and other great varieties from etna alicia bonaccordia rosario papalardo dom eight years old for white wine that to me is look like more rachet one produced in sicily in a way i i would you might say this is kind of a tough comparison because morocco is possibly one of the best white wines in the world one of the best wine in the world i wouldn't even distinguish from red or white but i know do yourself a favor contemplate this wine don't serve it as super cold the temperature keep it as it is okay it means that you have to keep the bottle not too cold and not from the fruit maybe keep it in the fridge but then take it out leave it half an hour 45 minutes drink it slowly in a beautiful zelda glass if you have nano you know riddle glass if you have it have to be almost a burgundy glass because it's so rich so powerful so smoky so buttery but not too strong nice a honey flavor at the end like a bitter awning it looks like the herbs of sisi all there orange is skin of the orange parrot that's the stuff pair it with i would go with saffron risotto i would go even with some truffle something like humus like soily uh like white truffle uh i remember oh that could be a great pairing red prone tartar with white raffle from amber uh how are you gonna get this stuff in your ass you cannot so just imagine it okay i don't want to frustrate you too much about i'm thinking about something good that you can find in us even though with lasa medium hard cheese will be great some parmigiano again so but not really old parmigiano we say 24 months per michael it could be a nice pairing beside that so from sicily to the extreme north we're going to go to frioli we have a beautiful video of grafner it's mattia materia which is the daughter of the owner this is one of the most famous white wine from northeast of italy and this is um this is um how can i possibly say this is the first winemaker that decided to use arm4 in italy to reintroduce the concept of answer why because amphora used to be the official you know container for wine up to the third century after christ so the georgia never stopped using it but in europe we started to use bottles after that or maybe vasque like none you know cement vascular similar things like that or clay mask by so amphors used to be and so he decided to go back to back to that he brought those out for us directly from georgia and he started to do some experiments he took him a while to understand but now after 2006 to me he's what we talk about the completely different style of white wine it's most almost like drinking a beautiful complex expensive chinese tea uh in terms of aromas the color is orange so skin contact so i don't know if you use this is probably the master of the orange wine a completely different approach super expensive wine so try to like it and i don't know gravener i think i found i found that the charlie bird was a 400 on the list online surely you're gonna find it for less but this is a 2010 by the way possibly one of the best vintages of granite in this case now i would go from some goat cheese or with the orange we would be great with carbonara sauce pasta i don't know if you have carbonara something that adds some eggs in it some eggs with truffle will be again something really good if you have some really good eggs i'm not talking about to drink this one for breakfast even though why not so but again this is there is a video here so i would like you know to give the opportunity to the winemaker itself to explain the wine now uh my friend scarzello we have a beautiful video of scratch hello too and i would not spend too many words talking about this winemaker because he tells everything again english subtitles so if you want to learn something about wine trust me i learned selecting wine for the wine clubs in the last 10 years especially for our wine tasting i learned more than the 20 years before which i studied from i did wsat level i did italian so many association and they tell you stories that are you know they're written in books in those courses but they're not most of them they're not they are not real they don't respond to reality i give you an example you know you can learn everything about chianti classico in books but then you will discover that 98 of the way makers they don't follow those rules think about napa valley for example it was really interesting to to visit matthias in apavale even arnold roberts in sonoma which by the way arnold roberts incredible incredible i was the typical snobbish european to say i would never drink american wines in my life after my third trip in u.s i discovered some beautiful few of them i have to say the few of them really and arnold roberts is one of them he's actually the nephew of mondavi but a completely different style from mondavi and mathiason which makes kind of a good wine and he's a friend of a friend of us and she was so nice and she said something really really simple and she said napa valley is potential the best incredible wine region in the world you have the ocean in both sites you have volcanic soil you have sediments from the river the temperature excursion is always perfect all over the year between 26 to 15 degrees i know besides the fact that there is no water which is technically a good thing if you don't regret too much thing that you can do in us you have that why all the wines are so ripe so oaky why nobody expressed the soil and so you study all the ava from napa which i think are more than 19 or 20 but then at the end the wine they don't taste of the place the taste of oak that they so over ripe fruit which might be really good i don't dislike screaming eagle we had a a couple of years ago just because someone offered it i would never spend four thousand dollars in such a kind of bottle of wine but then at the end i said you know i don't know i mean i smell only oak and it's beautiful the best oak in the world but i don't i know this one could be from everywhere it could be a cab from tuscany it could be a cup from australia i don't really recognize napa ocean there so going back to our friend is that to me the barolo era is the quintessential region of biodiversity where every single spot is a different flavor even more than burgundy burgundy has got more cultural biodiversity because they have a longer tradition so actually in barolo they made barolo even before burgundy but they never stopped producing a certain type of wine in burgundy for one thousand four hundred years while in barolo it was a bit more up and down so it's so interesting because here we have a crew that is called the sarmassa and the crew of sarmasa is based on a hill of two sides and there are three at least the three different souls of that specific crew it's somehow like claudio vojo in burgundy it depends where the vineyard is coming from no it's not just who is making it but where the the wine is coming from which part of that specific vineyard that i don't think is more than eight hectares so 15 acres divided by i would say five six wine makers de merenda that means afternoon lunch or something like appetizer or something uh that's the way farmers used to rest but you know what the winemakers is gonna explain it perfectly to me it's an incredible wine scarce carcello 13 probably this is one of the only young one with the barolo 15 i'm talking about that on the viola base because uh this is one of the crew that you can drink it even when it's young to me this is one of the best butter i tried last year 13 was an astonishing vintage do yourself a favor uh drink it slowly share it with friends don't drink alone because it's sad and or with your wife and with the yoga you want to share with but this is a sharing wine they need to drink softly and with calm and patient if you want to keep the wine in the cellar for 4-5 years you're not going to make any damage to your palate to your wallet by the way because this one probably will cost much more in four or five years and and of course um to the quality of the wine is going to be different now we're going to move to tuscany i'm going to i'm going to contradict myself but this is the typical this little tiny little guy that always dress really fancy and in tuscany and this is a hundred percent merlot and uh i don't know i know that when we talk about merlot we always think about sideways you know to remember that line you know when you enter in the restaurant say you know i'll do everything but i'm not going to drink a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] metal tonight sorry for the after world but this is was a quote from the incredible paul jamati by the way to me sideways is a really good movie uh it's not just a simple comedy they speak about wine really really really properly okay so and then we did the two every year we do we do the tour sideways with my wife in in santa barbara and uh why that he was blaming me merlot but a grave variety by itself cannot be guilty of anything it's just the plant it's just a type of grape so why merlot is considered such a cheesy type of wine all over the but mainly for one reason merlot has a really really short vegetative cycle if you plant it in a warm climate condition and maybe in the wrong in the wrong soil so what happened that if you plant that low in sicily you're gonna have a harvest that is probably the second part of august a lot of fruit a lot of sugar a lot of easy drinking low tannins and the wine it's easy to drink but bit flat sometimes after a couple of glasses maybe you get tired of it so that's why merlot is considered a bit cheesy for this reason okay but if you're lucky enough to try some old bottles of chateau cerna or la conseillant and if you're rich enough to afford a 1982 chateau petrus you will probably understand and realize that merlot can be an incredible refreshing complex a beautiful elegant over the top in the sense of in the most snobbish sense of the world over the top uh wine ever because they harvest the merlot at the beginning of october you know maybe with global warming i don't know right now but still it's really really different type of merlot and we did a tasting there was what about merlot it was called the name of the taste in parliament merlot uh three years ago we tasted the merlot 85 89 and 88 and which included also petrus in 1985 and you know there was no way you could consider those wine flat and cheesy and beside that we taste also river left the bank opposing to the right banks and the left bank was actually more ripe and more ready to drink than the merlot so the opposite you know so interesting and to me petrolo is sorry petrol petroleus is following this uh this rule and this is a really expensive bottle you can see on google 95 and 88 points parker suckling 100 points [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it again this is a bottle it could cost here nearly 120 130 for the young vintages so you might guess so it's a good deal even for your collectors by the way i was really generous with this selection and i have to say not all the collectors have what you have here this is the red wine limited edition sokuci monachi so it's a crew that is 120 years old in vietnam do you remember the white wine we had before also nice interesting thing is to taste these two wines this one maybe with the appetizer with the main course the same night you do your personal sicilian tour um and then you compare 2008 and this is a suggestion actually they liked the idea of the 2012 that i gave them and so they decided to do this limited edition of 2008 so i thought it would be nicer to put it again to me at the moment this is one of the two three best ethno ever i know iphone is becoming so fancy sometimes a bit overrated in my opinion they speak about latino people but they don't even know what it is about because most of the ethnic wines are not made by aetna people you know i'm not against a foreign foreigners they come to aetna but sometimes they just they saw that there were a lot of money there and so you know they just sell the label concert of aetna maybe use a lot of you all could it start to use a lot of chemicals and stuff now we're going to move to lazio we did a tasting with my friend manuela pancrazy a couple of weeks ago and we have a video of this waymaker so i will send it to you this guy to me is doing an incredible job we're talking about a red wine from the region of rome which region was famous all over the years in the last 50 years to produce the worst wine in the world making quality in this region is impossible and selling quality is even more difficult so it means you may make the best wine in the world nobody buy it because it's from lazio no while tuscany and piedmont or burgundy you know they're fancy and everyone will why they want buy the wine just because it's written but all or burgundy on the top if it's written latio nobody will buy it even though to me here was one of the most interesting wine region of central italy we're just close to the border of tuscany well it's called the etruscan area the truscan area is an incredible area for a lot of reasons so first of all you're talking about some of the best climate conditions for wine most of them this is a volcanic soil and also there you have beautiful climate 25 kilometers far from the sea it's almost like napa valley every night to seven o'clock evening there is a wind coming from the sea they refresh the grape they give you a bit of balance to the wine to the grapes so you don't over write that so you have perfect phenolic maturation of the skin during september this guy is a crazy guy that invested all his money that he had in a small production of wines that you know now they cost like between forty to ninety dollars that there are labels you know eight hundred dollars here in uh immediately i don't think you can find us this bottle it's only two thousand bottles of production so on so but what i like this i call it the super lazio because he actually blend he has several great varieties which has a montepulciano he has a bit of a grenache alicante and syrah also he put in it and he decided that that area was perfect for those type of grave rays because especially for the syria grenache because of the temperature excursion beautiful spiciness it's like a warm hug this wine somehow is the opposite of this red wine here so awesome would be nice no don't do that but for technical reason if you want to improve your palate this one beside this one here your palate will explode this is all soil this is all meditary soft sun now my reminds you a bit of an upper valley but with a bit of refreshing balsamic style napa valley sometimes is a bit flat um i'm talking about average of course i know there are beautiful napa valley that i'm not like this this is the one that can stay in the cellar for another four five years but if you're going to open it right now you're not going to regret it you're going to finish the bottle right in less than 20 minutes i would suggest drinking slowly in any case about pairing this my needs is something slightly fat like pork chops quality like wild boar or some game like but you know bit of fat game some deer with a bit of a fat uh even with some sauce stuff and so on nothing too much raw or like i wouldn't go with a fillet stick for example but it's not that you cannot drink it with a philly stick it's gonna be that's good video also for that one so i'll send it to you now we're gonna finish with the big four big four because we go back to barolo here this is my friend palladino paladino is the wine of the house right now i think we are the the the the the biggest buyer so paraffada it's a really tiny little crew on the village of cerrolon is the quintessential area of barolo not so far from the pythin concept which is a barbaresco this is interesting if you want to compare these two sometimes people ask me what's the difference between barolo and barbaresco and i used to answer i have no clue technically there is no difference and there is a lot of difference it's the same gray variety so oh but i like barolo because it's uh bigger than barbaresco no it's just more expensive which it depends because for example this could cost three times more than this barolo so the concept here is about that the the wine the wine over here um it depends on the soil so you have to consider the baron barbaresco we call it formation de l'aquio it's a type of soil it's sediments from the ocean and from the river we're talking about a few million years ago and so there are part of barolo closer to the village of barbaresco that are more similar to other parts of barolo so sometimes baron barbaresco can be more similar than than two barolos and to barbaresco it depends where he's coming from so all this information to me is put it on the side i don't know if you're how geeky you are how expert you are about wine but i can tell you most of the people that talk about barolo and barbaresco especially if they read those things in books they say wrong things i can send you beautiful videos about it especially about luca paitin he explained this thing perfectly better than any teacher can do it i think he he speaks in english also part of it so but anyway everything is subtitled here so two different versions of barometer 14 and 15. someone told you 14 was not a good vintage can you pick him up for me 14 in barbaresco was an astonishing astonishing vintage sometimes don't take it personal we call in italy the american vintages the american vintages are the over hot over ripe vintages that some wine american journalists love and so they think or they start to promote those wines because they're ready to drink it now but after four five years the vintage is like 97 for example vintage is like 2004 vintage is like 2009 that was they were considered incredible now you compare it with the 96 for example now you compare with the 9 2005 or a and you will discover that those ones are much better because we wait because it's we're not in a rush so 14 to me is an incredible vintage if you can resist keep the swine at least five six years in the cellar this is why you should wait a bit if you cannot resist you need to have something juicy that could balance the tannins okay again a bit of a parmigiano this in this case really age with this barolo fada is the female sorry i cannot transmit call it through through the webcam but don't worry uh i i'm not positive in any case so um of the southern part of ceralunga is is on the top of the hill there's only i think two producers that are making parafada or three palladino uh sorry palladino and the other one is masolino and it's beautiful because this is a vintage that is sorry vintage a crew that it's so soft and hard hard and soft at the same time so it's female and male i would say barolo is more male type of wine you know in the sense that a lot of har tannins and so on or an obscure fascinating old woman also um but in this case i think it's more androgynous if i can go further on the gender issue to describe the wine um two wines here that need speed of truffle black truffle would be great as i was standing before but again this one maybe wait a second and we finish with two big big big stuff this is not uh this is not this this is not for you okay so if i'm giving it to you it's because i'm really generous because this wines cost the entire selection so i don't think you can find a viet this is a 2008 rocket for less than 300 350 i'm talking about retail prices and 2008 i don't know i don't know i mean this wine went crazy especially because he decided to sell the winery in 2015 so he's still running the winery but it's not the owner anymore but after that prices of yeti went so high about this one here the canteen 97 i don't know this is about that game cost two three hundred dollars we don't really care about prices because you know this is not the point it's a vulgar to talk about money but i just want to let you know that these two bottles are really really really really important well this is why you're drinking now okay this is 23 years old 97 tuscany super overrated vintage in my opinion but this is the guy that started to talk the chianti language on a high level this one and monteverdina sergio manetti so marco palanti and serge they were the first two people they started to investigate none in terms of the cheesy one with the basket around to serve in chip italian restaurant this was a chianti that was really really conceived and perceived that's really really really expensive okay and uh and won all possible awards he's a guy also they used to make a merlot again called the la parita and i have a nice story about marco palanti meeting um i think i don't i don't think it was michelle but you know i know it was a i think it was michelle i don't know because that i don't know if at that time shadowland was a chatupetrus but that's the story okay marco palanti decided to plant the merlot okay besides sanchez and so he makes this one called the la parita i think was then 1990 the first vintage whatever but then he goes in a blind taste in bordeaux and at the end it was the best in my role over the world and at the end there are only two of them remaining chateau petrus and la parita and the winner is and the winner was la parita from this guy here so michelle roland i don't know if it was mentioned the guy that was actually running the winery of petrus in 1990 he came to marco parlante a bit bit bit nervous and i said what's going on who are you what is this you know you know what i am marco palanti i make wine you make wine but where in tuscany in tuscany where is tuscany ah yes tuscany tuscany it's south of barolo uh yes south of parola and what about you what about me uh it's the most important stupid joke you can talk to your friends but it's absolutely true he was really pissed off so uh the concept is that this guy really really believed that central visit could give you with sahaja yogi we're talking about the two people that at that moment were investing in central higher heels of the chianti classical venasopha from graven chianti the heart of kianke classico and he decided to make a crew using beautiful new barrels the problem with this one was a bit too working when it was young i opened a bottle recently of this one it was absolutely astonishing you don't find this bottle ever let okay while it's the barolo from b80 2008 called super traditional type vintage this is to me is a beautiful masterpiece in terms of how you know i don't know if you you know about the then the difference between the modern style and the traditional style barolo barolo boys they used to call them and because they were the group that used to age the wine and small barrels and making that all a bit more you know more than i would say so a bit more oaky a lot of winemakers did a lot of damages but it was nice the conflict that created a nice discussion and nowadays i would say that the parallel boys are a bit more apart i i would put viet in between this discussion because vietti you know he liked to renovate he liked to change to you know look at tradition with a you know critical point of view but on the same time without raising and counseling all the tradition he has rocked castiglione and le roque there are beautiful beautiful vineyards in castillo nepales though slightly softer than other barolo especially roccati castillone so the tannins are not so hard and it's a wine that to me at the moment 2008 is going to be an incredible and incredible drinking experience to me those two wines you can even drink them along just with a bit of a bread on the side and contemplate how the evil the sit after sipping glass after glass this is so um thank you for your attention i don't know your name i'm sorry because i don't even know the name of your wife but uh this is a video that you can share with your wife with your friends video but you want i hope you will enjoy my wines our wines and any question you have please ask we'll include a couple of gifts also in the box so you're going to be uh you know a couple of surprises i don't want to tell you what it is and uh we're going to do an expedited shipping for you so this one will arrive quite soon i have to say uh will not at the moment uh i i i think you're going to have it the first the first week of the summer any problem you have with tracking numbers and everything just let me know i remind you that there is a website called community.wine that all this thing we can do it on streaming with your friends so if you need any help i will let you speak for sure more and speak less but i am here to help and to give you all the support you need so thank you very much and um i don't know if you're catholic in that case merry christmas if you're not a happy holiday and i hope maybe one day you can come to visit us and to do an incredible taste in our tasting room we are in rome and we're famous to do possibly the best tasting of europe and we're planning to be the best in the world for sure thank you very much and keep in touch ciao

- How to Start a Wine Collection: Expert Guide for Beginners 🍷: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, welcome. I'm John and you're starting to think about getting that wine collection [Music] going. So, maybe you've had a few special bottles. You're intrigued by the idea of investing in wine. Whatever the current thinking, let's talk about how to start collecting wine the right way. avoid all the mistakes I made and let's learn from everybody who came before you. Okay. So, I've been doing this for a number of years and yeah, I've taken formal wine classes and I've taken certifications, stuff like that. But no, I'm not a Somier. I'm just a lawyer. I'm an investor. I just like wine a lot. Today, let's talk about results of my experience. Talk about my advice how to do this the right way. Before we get into the how, let's talk about the why. So people collect wines for a variety of reasons. They like to enjoy fine wines at their peak maturity, investment purposes, always have that perfect bottle for a special occasion, to explore and learn about wine, and just for the joy of having a collection. And so your why is going to help determine your strategy, your budget, your storage needs. But let me give you a hint as to what shouldn't be your primary why for investment purposes. So, I remember as a young kid growing up, I would have this baseball card collection, and I would love to buy and sell baseball cards and flip them. And that act was the main part of the collection for me. It was the excitement. Now, the problem with wine is that it takes so long to accumulate and for it starting to age and to hit the market correctly that ultimately that shouldn't be your number one goal. So, if your point is to purchase one to get involved in the marketplace, probably not the best idea. But the good news is if you buy it well, generally it'll go up in value. And although there's been a recent downturn, for the most part, rich people like wine. People keep drinking it. And every time somebody drinks a bottle, there's less of that particular vintage and the value goes up. So in short, you're allowed to collect for investment purposes, but you really need to enjoy drinking the wine. And that really is the main point. That is, at least for me, the greatest source of joy. critical proper storage. Wine is a perishable good. Without proper storage, you're just wasting your money. So, a few things. Temperature about 55° F. Avoid fluctuations in temperature and never let that wine sit above 70°. Humidity, 70% is ideal. You don't want mold to grow, right? So, more than 90% doesn't work. Less than 50% the cork starts drying out. And so there are a lot of options. So you get a little refrigerator, you could build a home seller, or you get professional storage. But as a starting point, just get a good wine fridge. And as your collection grows, you'll find options in the professional um storage side, too. So little bit different buying strategies depending where you are looking. So for Napa Valley, those most sought after producers, you got to get on the mailing list. And so first I would just recommend you sign up for the following mailing list. Screaming Eagle, Harland Estate, Scarecrow, 100 Acre, Bryant Family, Kogan Bond. And what's important about these is you are not obligated to buy the wines, but they have multi-year weights sometimes. And so getting on is crucial. And you can always decline any allocation and sometimes you can just buy a starting offering. But getting on these lists as you're thinking about it is helpful just because at least you're in line. By the way, even if you're not expecting to kind of go pro and to buy things like that, it's easy enough just to decline the offer. Little different in France. So the European fine wine market works differently. So here we have in Premier futures in English basically you're buying it um through established merchants before it's actually in the bottle. So in Bordeaux, the wines are offered about 2 years before delivery. They work with their established merchants and the prices not always, but usually are advantageous to you. And you also know you're getting it directly from the winery. Perfect providence. You do need a trusted advisor as you get into these types of wines. Burgundy even trickier. Very relationshipdriven. There's much much smaller productions than Bordeaux, which is more, you know, of a of a mass- prodduced item. So, you've got to build your relationships, and you really really have to learn a lot about it, cuz they're also really expensive. So, let's talk about relationships. The first stop in your journey is your local wine shop. Just get to know them and they're going to get to know your pallet. They're going to hold special bottles for you. They're going to give you good advice and they are going to be the ones who are discovering new wines. They are drinking the most, right, of anybody. You also will have with larger merchants, you're going to have account uh managers. If you're a serious collector, you're going have access to certain allocated wine, early access to to buy, and then you'll have some portfolio advice. So, I recommend kind of a two-tier strategy. one, build a strong relationship with the local shop. And then second, start develop your connections with the larger merchants. All right, staying informed. There are critical information sources as you're going along. You're going to have your essential subscriptions. Here's a few. Okay, you have Berg Hound, which is Alan Meadows review of Burgundy. Um, this is essential in Burgundy. It's He's very conservative with his scoring, by the way, but he has really detailed producer profiles. is just the go-to wine advocate, which is Robert Parker, which is really strong for Bordeaux and California, Napa wines. They tend to have higher scores. Um, Vineas Antonio Gallen Galoney and they have all these maps and other analysis. He's really good with Italian wines. He also does Burgundy. Um, and then Wine Independent, which is the newest major publication. They don't have any advertising. Um, and it really is just another resource. So, you're going to be reading your vintage reports. You're going to be comparing multiple sources. You're going to be comparing the tasting notes even more than the scores. And then you're going to understand the scoring system for each of them. So, I read these all the time and I'm just kind of ingesting information about what people in the wine world are talking about, what critics who have kind of the same taste profile as as I have, what they have to say. But I'm just paying attention to the notes really more than the scores. I'm also learning about any changes the wine makers are making as time goes by. It might be something you're not going to see for a decade or by the time you taste the wine for 20 years. I'm just trying to get the most information. So, I'm able to put my money in the things that I want. Let's go back to the why. So, I'm assuming that you actually enjoy wine. And you're going to need to start drinking more. Not that way, but you're going to have to start tasting more. So, anytime there's an event out there, you need to go. You need to taste as many wines as possible. And the intention is developing your own taste and also to find out what you really like. So, I'm going to use Kan as an example. I tried a few of their wines, but never their flagship wine, which is Kan 9. It's written Kan EX in Roman numerals. But this is a bottle I would pay 600 bucks for. You'd probably get it for $750. If you go to a restaurant, it's probably $1,250 bottle of wine. So, and actually tried it, right? Cuz it's expensive. So, I decided to go to a high-end tasting. I had it against 100 Acre, a Screaming Eagle. And did I pay a fortune for this tasting? Of course, I did. But now that I know if I really want a high-end wine that I love that Kolgan 9. So, it's a very valuable wine. I know that I could sell it for more than I'm paying for it. But I also met some great people at the tasting. So, it just great. I even do business with one of them. So, those events are really, really important cuz you're developing your pallet, you're refining your tastes, you're discovering wines, you're even meeting some new friends along the way. So listen, starting your wine collection, it's more than a one-day event. It is about beginning modestly. Focus on getting your storage right and just start reading and learning. Start small. Think about the longer term and then focus on quality rather than just pure quantity. Build your relationships. Stay informed. Join those mailing lists. But most importantly, just make it fun. Make it part of your social life. Make it part of your dayto-day. And you'll see that you will start to enjoy so much more the act of collecting when it is both something social and both something that you enjoy. Along the way, you might actually make a few bucks,

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjo8500 [1 likes]: Great video and advice. I’m not a lawyer, just a retired professional who loves fine wine and especially its history. I collect with the goal to drink mature wines with friends and other wine enthusiasts. The advice I give people like me where money and space is a factor is to discover your palate. My palate is mostly Bordeaux and some red Burgundy so I stick to those. I love Champagne and Chablis, but I’m not going down that road. My point is, it’s easy to spread oneself too thin.
  2. @brantleyrider: Great video Jon! 🍷

- Collector Wine Review - 2015 Seavey Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to magic time i'm your host thomas uh coming to you live with another wine review a collector wine review reviewing some of these big beautiful bold wines throughout the world that age and have grace and great potential to improve over time one of my favorite vineyards here in the napa valley having now lived here in napa for about five years is cv vineyard see e a v e y it's a boutique property they don't make much wine they have 40 acres planted i think they make like somewhere around 3 000 cases of wine they specialize in cabernet sauvignon although they do do an exquisite merlot and they also do really nice chardonnay it's a property that is quite old in terms of the history of napa valley back in like 1870 pre-prohibition they were growing a beautiful hillside vineyard back there and uh phylloxera and other things wiped out this vineyard uh prohibition of course and they didn't end up replanting it um until much much later when bill and mary cv purchased this uh plot of land and replanted everything mostly the cabernet there's a little bit of merlot i believe there's a little bit of petite for dough and maybe cap franco on the property but petit for dough for sure and a little bit of chardonnay the cv vineyard um i think that these wines have such depth and complexity and richness and there's also like this real underlining beautiful character that's almost like this bay leaf character that i i taste in the wines every time i have a cv cabernet i was fortunate enough to at one time be a restaurant manager over at meadowwood which is kind of um uh right off the silverado trail as you enter saint helena there's a turn off that's old how mountain road that will take you way back to con valley about three four miles deep which is where cb vineyard is but i was a restaurant manager over at meadow wood and i was fortunate enough to be invited to a library tasting over at cv 1990 vintage all the way up till 2015 which is actually the one we're going to taste the 2015 and i can tell you that the spectrum of that 25 years was so enlightening to taste these wines and to taste that fingerprint and that sense of place throughout all 25 vintages this is also home to the consulting winemaker philippe melka where i think it was one of his very first if not the first gig he had as a consultant here in napa valley and he remains the consultant to this day but the day-to-day winemaker is one of the most uh young and upcoming and knowledgeable winemakers here in napa valley jim dwayne and if you ever have a chance to follow one of his podcasts um or follow him on instagram or one of the platforms jim is is one of the most technically proficient winemakers it also has a beautiful artistic approach to making wine on this property and the wines are really special i opened this bottle last night i'll go ahead and taste it again i often find that the wine the next day has opened up a little bit more and is a little bit more generous with its nuance and its aroma complexities and its flavors so we'll go ahead and try it right now this is 2015 cv cabernet sauvignon i think the bottle oil rolls in around 150 is not cheap wine it's certainly a collector wine and the wines age incredibly gracefully on the nose right away i get like rich dark beautiful kind of opulent uh fruit flavors um definitely like a blackberry a black plum um really kind of like an overripe plum even um kind of like some like fig characteristics in the wine and underneath that big beautiful bouquet of fruit there's this underlining bay leaf component definitely like this subtle dried bay leaf kind of herbal note underneath the wine that i really really find attractive there's like this mineral gravel type thing too definitely earthy in terms of like almost like a mineral driven component in the wine big ripeness this is 2015 vintage which is a very warm vintage here in napa valley the wines were very ripe round opulent and kind of higher in alcohol definitely displaying a little bit of this although this one is very subdued with the alcohol it's fourteen five uh percent alcohol um very well balanced rich ripe flavors kind of on the almost overripe kind of pruning side of things but very well balanced once again the fruit kind of takes center stage stage but there's a little bit of an underlining kind of herbal component to the wine rich long long finish i would say medium to bold tannins with the wine definitely a wine that will mature and age well in your cellar seek out cv it's an off the beaten path make sure you give yourself enough time to get to the appointment they are appointment only um there's a really great wine director over there that runs the day operations and the tastings his name's julio ferrero hopefully it's still there if you watch this video and you want to book a tasting go do it with julio is a good friend of mine and the wines are stunning this is their estate like bold big kind of expensive napa cab they make one also that's called caravena which is no slouch so i think it's coming from the younger blocks of the younger vines in the vineyard and it's almost every bit as good as the the estate and i think it's like maybe two-thirds of the price maybe even half the price of the estate cabernet really delivers for the price point i poured that wine by the glass and you know it was funny i was a restaurant manager over at meadowwood and at the grill at meadow wood which is the more informal concept which is three meals a day and i was behind the bar pouring cd caravena 2012 cabernet by the glass this was three or four years ago and i was just um it was like a steady kind of lunch hour time of the day and two gentlemen strolled in and sat down at the bar and i was new to napa valley at the time i didn't recognize anyone of importance and they asked me for a glass of cabernet and they wanted me to pick one off the buy the glass menu and i said you know what i really like this there was a couple cabernets on the menu i said i really like the cv cabernet um i think it delivers one of the best price points um for by the glass pour and it's absolutely delicious cabernet and one of the guys goes do you know who this is sitting next to me and i was like no and he goes this is philippe melka um one of napa's most prodigious and famous winemakers right now philippe melka and i had never met philippe before and i was like kind of embarrassed i was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know philippe you know i really like your wine that you you consult on the cv caravana and he laughed and he was like gracious about it and he's like no i mean it's a great bottle of wine and um i i say i promise i didn't know it was you i just like i really like the cabernet but that was kind of funny story meeting philippe melko for the first time i had ran into him at some subsequent occasions um over at oakville grocery getting coffee in the morning and stuff like that he's always been really friendly philippe great kind of humble wine maker and one of the most talented of course in napa um cv seek it out go do an appointment over there the wines are exquisite they have a deep library of wines too their family held back i think like 25 of their production every year since they had started the operation so they have a lot of wines that they haven't raised the prices on so you can get beautiful library napa valley cabernets from this producer that are pre-aged for you and like i said they don't think they've boost the prices too significantly significantly on them if i was to score this wine you know i'd probably put in the 94 to 95 point range it's delicious maybe 96. fabulous wine deep complexity rich bold and um round and that underlining footprint of that sense of place back in con valley this like herbal kind of bay leaf character and it's there in almost every vintage and i absolutely love it thanks guys thanks for subscribing to my channel for being a supporter of this thing that i'm doing here in the napa valley love you please comment below if you've ever tasted cv or if you'd like me to review another one of the napa valley cabernets in this little series the collector collector wine series thanks guys cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @vinvideowinechannel1796 [2 likes]: Great review....this wine sounds amazing.
  2. @coryz6880 [2 likes]: Great review.  So good I went to price it and the winery has it for $195. My dilemma is that for $25 more I can buy the ‘17 Dominus, which I was thinking of buying for aging.  Curious what your choice would be?  Thx and cheers 🍷
  3. @alejandroortega7282 [1 likes]: Thoughts on Louis martini lot1
  4. @SmellsLikeTone: Subscribed. Digging the content. I live in the Bay Area and my go to wine is Napa Cab. I need to check this place out. Thanks!
  5. @jckclt: keep making videos
  6. @Thomasjddj68: Yum!!

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- Tips For Collecting And Investing In Bordeaux Wine: Kind: captions Language: en-GB As a fine wine expert I feel you’re definitely the right person to ask, what are your tips for investing and collecting Bordeaux wines? We need to start by splitting those 2 things separately, collecting and investing; it’s almost like not mixing business and pleasure. If you’re talking about collecting, so you’re collecting predominantly for what you like, for what you want to drink in the future, for what you’re buying maybe for your kids, for your kids birth years etc. There’s some wines which might be sold in the future and some of my clients who say 'I bought it for myself and now it’s 10 times the price from the original, I better sell it' and if you’re talking about investing, you’re purely looking from an investment perspective. It’s difficult because from my own experience on myself, I could say sometimes when you’re investing in wine and you’ve got a sweet spot for a specific producer. But are they really worth buying for investment? Well, it’s a big question. So basically first tip, you need to split very separately; what is collection and what is investment. Ok. It feels like maybe collecting is more personal and investing is more rational. So, then what would be your tips for building my cellar? If, say, I have a cellar. But what would be your tips for building a cellar? First we got to start with where you’re going to keep your wines. So, if you going to keep them at home will it be in a fridge? Or maybe you have an underground cellar? Another option is will you decide to keep your wines in a professional wine warehouse? Or could be both. Some people because of a lack of space in their own home, they keep a certain amount in a bonded warehouse. In the UK we are very lucky to have a several very, very good, bonded warehouses, where wines are kept, the temperature and humidity are controlled. After that you are filling up your wine fridge or cellar at home when it’s needed. So that would be a first step. Location? Location. After that, if you’re talking about collecting wines for yourself and for how long you want to keep those wines. One of the tips I would say also when you start collecting and again I saw from my own experience and my friends, and my clients. You know when you start collecting and you like certain wine, i had one client, he was really in love with wines from Australia. 1 year later, 2nd year later, his view about the wines start to change. He started to get more interested in more subtle wines from Bordeaux and Burgundy and his cellar was full up to the ceiling with Australian wines. So don’t let that passion go over too much, you know. Keep a balance. As a collector? As a collector, yeah. Things change in life. We change what we wear, we change what we think and the cellar will also change. So don’t buy too much of the same wine. Keeping a balance as well in your collection don’t go just, let’s say for reds, just for whites. Because it will be different in seasons, so in summer you might drink white wine, you might drink rosé. In the winter you tend to drink more red wine when it’s cold outside, you know. Also having some wines when you are having bigger parties, when you’re guests are arriving in your home! Its worth having wines at a different price points. Ok. So keep enough space for future, mix up the colours and have party wine. These are great tips! Martyn, what would be your top tips for spotting a good value wine? One of the categories, I would say for really good value wines are 'Second Wines'. Of the famous Châteaus. We’ve got an example here, Château Palmer, there second wine is Alter Ego. Other kind of good value second wines, is Reserve De La Comtesse. Thats made by Pichon Lalande, Croix Canon made by Château Canon or Le Petit Smith Haut Lafitte made by Château Smith Haut Lafitte So those are basically wines that are made by one of the best producers not only in that region but in the world. So they are using that expertise, they’re using their facilities, they’re using the same vineyards predominantly what they would use for their best wine. Just the second wine is usually maybe from a younger wines or some barrels of wine that they made which is not performing at the super level, so they get de-classified to a second wine. Like this you’re paying 3, 4 times less than for a grand one but you get all of that expertise, all that love and everything, pretty much for a grand wine. So this is one of my favourite value for money Bordeaux and this is what we really like at ELICITE. The second tip I would say for really good value good wines, is smaller châteaus, maybe not from famous appellations who are owned by really good producers. So, we got Château Potensac, it's based in the Medoc, but is owned by Château Léoville-Las Cases one of the best producers. So again all expertise goes in to this small property producing really good wines, or Château Sénéjac made by the same people who make Château Pontet-Cane. So, you know. I’ve followed your advice I have this beautiful cave, this cellar and I’ve enough space for my future collections and a mix of red and white, and I have some party wine ready to go. But obviously, my wines are ageing and Ive presumed there’s a best peak for reds on average and maybe the same for whites. How do I know when the wine is actually ready to drink? That’s quite a good question and quite complex I would say, because as I explained all wines are quite different. When they are ready to be drunk it will be at a different time. So it’s important to either mark on your cellar in a specific area. Some of my clients what they like to do, they separate the wines; this is for drinking now, this is for in 5 to 10 years and this, just just forget for another 15 years. You can lay your cellar like that and afterwards when you walk in, in the middle of your party, you know those different sections. I can grab a bottle, and this is definitely ready to drink now. and whether it's drinking now or to keep, it really depends on the wine, on the vintage. Right, so the bottle doesn’t just go, “I’M READY!” No unfortunately not. So you were talking about storing the wine and having a cellar and obviously some people probably have 100s of metres of cellars under their houses and some of us have an apartment if we’re lucky. What are the best conditions for storing a wine? We need to look at 3 factors; so it’s light, there has to be no direct sunlight, either you need to keep it in an underground cellar or you need to keep it in a fridge. Ideally there is no light at all. 2nd is the temperature, I guess ideally we are looking at about 14 / 16 degrees temperature, it could be a little bit less, it could be a little bit more. The most important factor is no big variations. It doesn’t need to be completely the same, because if you look at the natural cellars where producers are keeping their wines, in Burgundy, Bordeaux anywhere around the world, they're natural cellars. They are quite deep under the ground but variation between summer and winter, it fluctuates. But when there’s fluctuation from 8 degrees to 18 or 20 that’s not good because wine contains water. The high temperature is increasing the lower temperature is decreasing, so what is happening basically the wine could start to come out through the cork and oxidise. So fluctuation is not good and after is humidity; if your cellar is very very dry, you are at risk for the cork to dry and basically when a cork dries, your wine will oxidise. Some air will get inside the wine, so the three main factors but storage is very very important for wine. You know you can buy one of the best wines in the world, you know and if you’re not storing perfectly, well a few years later, it’s not going to be one of the best wines in the world. What about the provenance of the wine? I’ve heard the word provenance, what does that actually really mean? So, provenance is basically where a wine effectively comes from. And it’s very important when you buy a fine wine because we need to consider where the wine was stored before as we learnt storage if very very very important because you might buy 20 years old wine, and that bottle or that case of wine wasn’t stored perfectly, So, the wines will be ruined and you’re in big danger you know keeping that special bottle of wine for that special occasion and on a day you open and you go ‘oh my God, this is really really disappointing.’ So, that’s very important. Also really expensive wines are being faked. So, it’s very important from who you buy those wines, so you buy from trusted, reputable wine merchants. This is, you know, to make sure that those wines are well stored and not fake.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nochblad55 [6 likes]: One thing he did not mention and this particularly concerns investment wines which may be stored for a number of years is that one can buy them "bonded" which are then stored in a bonded warehouse. "Bonded" means that they are without duty and VAT (sales tax). If you are planning to invest a certain amount in top quality wines this effectively allows you to buy a greater number of cases/bottles for the same amount of money.
  2. @mediastarguest [5 likes]: The "most important" thing you need to know, have and get for collecting fine wine is a Temperature Controlled storage facility - be it a state of the art cabinet or simply a cool, dark place of the home where a cool temperature is constant  - heat, fluctuating temperatures, central heating, radiators and light will ruin all those lovely first growth bottles you've carefully laid down over the years, turning your lovely 1995 Margaux and 2000 Haut Brion into $4.99 bottles of supermarket plonk.
  3. @danielguillaume9928 [4 likes]: I always put a drinking window on my wines. Nothing more waist full than to open up to early.
  4. @nickyg1482 [2 likes]: Wonderful
  5. @ziggyc4474 [2 likes]: Its expensive to start investing  in this
  6. @girlvsgrape7429 [2 likes]: That cellar at 1:44 😱
  7. @robertoryuk [2 likes]: it dependes on the taste the person if the wine is ready or not , some older wine for you maybe is younger for me or vice versa
  8. @90fred [1 likes]: Great Video. I would have also added a point in Inventing regarding, the cost of buying vs the cost of storage vs the money that you will have in the end (helps bring things in to perspective).
  9. @pragmatist165 [1 likes]: It seems my earlier comments yesterday were zapped... they are not there ... I don’t want to be labelled about this, but who zapped them? 
In any event, I’ll repeat what I said. I did read that the French Government will financially support the ( overpriced) industry. That’s their choice. My point is that we, consumers, are coming to our senses. The reality is that french wines have been overpriced for a long time. I know that in Australia, for example, Prince Wine Store, in Melbourne, and wholesaler Bibendum too, has quite a number of 2012 to 2014 vintages of Burgundy, premier cru, for $300 and upwards sitting on the shelves, and have so for a long time.. I’m not going to invest in these, nor will many people either. The well- off continue to buy, they have the money, it’s no issue. But increasingly, that situation is changing. Demand is coming right off the expensive wines, for reasons like stress of high mortgages, and the concomitant reduction in discretionary disposable income, insecure employment in middle management, increasing insecurity of employment in highly paid consulting work for example, the ravages of COVID, and the length of the recession across the world. 
So, if you like, prices for expensive wine will come off for these reasons. This also means though that consumers are becoming increasingly aware that the expensive French wines are simply not worth the $300+ and $1000 + prices or the risk either. I, and others try less expensive Pinots from Australia, which in many cases, are extremely worthy alternatives to the overpriced French alternatives. 
The fact now is that we all can rapidly go to many many websites, scan the environment, pick out some very promising, often aged wines too, read extensive wine tasting notes, and with a few clicks receive these wines postage paid free to our front door in next to no time.
And the result increasingly is that the existential experience in tasting these high quality, value for money priced Australian wines is every bit as good as the experience of French wines with the highly bloated, ridiculously prices of the French wines.
Lets recall what the reality is for the consumer who once upon a time was in easy street earning consultancy remuneration consistently at $2500 per day, or $12500 per week, and now earning a quarter of that if she or he is fortunate. 
He goes to buy Burgundy from the trusted web seller and sees some great premier crus, or let’s be fair sees a few grand crus for $300 or $400 each, hits ‘add to cart’, and sees the figure $1800 or $2400 for six 750 ml bottles of wine, that may still have a cork, and the maker comments includes in the tasting notes, that the wine will continue to improve. 
I am telling you that due to the reasons I have already advanced, those wines will stay sitting in the cart because that consultant does not want to pay those lofty bloated prices any more.
He can instead, and increasing will navigate to other sites where he will find some excellent Pinots for much lesser prices. Once he buys these he will no longer be tortured as he was previously by spending big money on wines of dubious quality with actual greedy French pricing.
That’s what happening, that phenomenon will continue, just like petrol prices are doing for consumers.. they are much cheaper than before. There are some silver linings, and we must click away from the French wine market bloated prices. Do that and still enjoy quality, without corks too.
  10. @stefanhuyskens11 [1 likes]: Great video, very informative with some great practical tips
  11. @mattc2094 [1 likes]: Nice video 👍🏼 hearing about ‘second wines’ value was a great tip
  12. @allwinestars [1 likes]: Cool video!
  13. @mikejr1152: This was a fantastic video, especially for a beginner such as myself. So if I'm self storing, would a good temperature be 10°-15°F? And is it possible to invest in wine at the distillery level? Thank you in advace!
  14. @ronmcmartin4513: I found only one topic missing in this thorough video. "Vintage or Producer", especially in Europe. California doesn't have the wild swings in vintage quality, so it isn't that important.
For me, Buying the Producer in Bordeaux is lazy. Buying the Vintage takes more effort, but has a much higher reward. Why would you want to spend $500/bottle for a 1st Growth(now, a Great price, but using a Short-hand example, 93 Points) in an off-vintage, when you could buy previous great vintages of lower priced($50-100), well-regarded 3rd-5th Growth producers(94-97 Points), that are still available in a quality wine shop? 
Why would you buy a pedestrian 2nd Growth, Dufort-Vivens(90 Points) instead of an Excellent 3rd, Giscours or 5th, Grand Puy Lacoste(95-97 Points) for the same price, with a little more effort? St Emilion has great wines(exotic, fruit-forward flavors) in most recent vintages(2015-2022) for $35-75(94-97 pts).
I'm not a big fan of 2nd-label wines(Alter-Ego, Carruades de Lafite) for the same reason. Each Appellation has its own similar, GENERAL flavors(St Julien--sour cherry, Ste Estephe--more tannic, etc.). $100-300 for a 94 Point 2nd label, or $60-125 for a 95-97 Point, D'Issan, Pontet Canet to get the same general flavors?
I recommend only buying a few bottles in a off-vintages, IF you "must taste the vintage" at a cheaper price. Otherwise, forget it.
  15. @parishaydaressences3359: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  16. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  17. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥🍷🔥
  18. @roopney: just NECK IT

- Make Bordeaux AFFORDABLE Again - A Reality Check!: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody. This is Agnesa from No Sediment and today I want to talk to you about Borderaux, a wine- makingaking region dear to me that is currently facing all sorts of challenges. Consider this my tiny campaign or more like a video rant to make Bordeaux affordable again. And yes, I have an exceptional wine ready for tasting. Maybe you remember in one of my videos I told you a story about an acquaintance who came to me wanting to sell a single bottle of Petrus. It was gifted to him and when he looked up the price he said it felt like pure deva to simply drink a wine that costs that much. And I think this story illustrates perfectly what has happened with certain wine categories and class Baux is amongst them. Instead of enjoying wine for what it is, many people now buy it to store, to trade, or to give it as a generous gift. But the idea of simply opening wine and drinking it almost feels inappropriate. Even though I believe that Burgundy has gone a similar path, overall wine prices have grown tremendously here and not a lot of us can continue to enjoy Burgundy the way we used to. There is one key difference. Burgundy was always made to be drunk. It was never made to be traded. Furthermore, there is far less Burgundy available in the market than Bordeaux simply because their Grunk Crew sites are strictly defined and often the top producers own only tiny parcels of given Grunk Crew vineyard. So the production of the most sought-after wines is significantly limited. By contrast, a first growth in Berdau or any highly regarded producer can quite freely decide which grapes will be dedicated to their ground von and the resulting volumes of those ground von are relatively huge. So the idea that Bordeaux is scarce is a mirage. It is almost never rare. You can always find a bottle from the vintage you want with several merchants to choose from. With Burgundy, there was a time if you missed your allocation, it was gone forever. The whole idea of collecting wine for investment only works if the wine is truly rare. Maybe there are exceptions, but none comes to my mind. Like I said, Burgundy has always emphasized that their wines are made to be drunk. Even Ober de Villain, the co-owner of the domain de Romani Conti, has expressed his disappointment that the majority of their bottles end up locked in the sellers. He makes wines to be enjoyed, not sold, resold, auctioned, or paraded. If, however, you market your wine as an investment, I will buy those bottles and lock them in my seller or rent one and will probably never see those bottles in my life. And I will probably keep buying as long as I can afford it. I am advised to have space and as long as I believe they will earn me some profit in the future. And if those wines are never opened and enjoyed, they are not becoming any rarer. I am afraid we are currently only seeing the tip of the iceberg. And this ties back to what I discussed on my podcast with wine collecting and investment expert Thomas Haymons. Keep in mind that all these bottles are somewhere. I mean, of course, some of them are drunk when they're resell sold, but we know that some bottles like that we spoke before are basically kept like trophies like gold. I always say one day all these bottles will come from the underground and will will pop on the market. >> What happens when all those wines in the sellers resurface? When collectors decide to sell to finally see that investment pay off? when the spouses get the half of the collection in the divorce and want to sell it or when children have no interest in the wines they have inherited and decide that the best solution is to sell them. And yet the next vintage comes and Bordeaux releases millions more bottles in the market. And once again it is the best vintage of the decade of the century or despite the very challenging weather wines are still amazing. 98 points, 99 points, ting. Moreover, the notion of this yearly price increase would make sense only if wine quality grew, at least at a similar trajectory, but that has never been the case. Yes, it is true that some vintages simply deliver better quality wines than others. The on premier price between 2008 and 2009 vintage for some wines jumped by as much as 400%. Sure, 2009 was great, but was it 400% better than 2008? And when lower scored and challenging years like 2013 were offered on premiere, we did not see much of a price drop. Some estates cut their price by 3 to 7% compared to the previous year. It seems unfair, doesn't it? Back then, the talk was all about protecting the brand by keeping prices in order. I think that the real damage comes when no one wants to buy your product even after you have significantly lowered the price. Enter 2024 vintage which left Bordeaux estates devastated and negoti frustrated. Some chateau reduced their prices substantially and even I was tempted to grab some of those lit bottles myself. However, I feel that by now, people have grown distant from Borderaux and largely lost interest. The truth is that over the last 10 years, wines are not being sold out and bottles are not emptied. Meanwhile, Bordeaux kept releasing more and more premium products and simultaneously rising prices. I mean, what could possibly go wrong? I do not think that wine investment is completely gone, but it does require knowledge and understanding, not just simply passion. And I also believe that the only reason Bordeaux as a wine- making region still holds relatively stable on LiveX is that it has become a snowball. Physics that our mother nature is built around show how powerful inertia can be and it is why we are required to wear seat belts. But have any of us buckled up for the crash of Berdo? Now I do not mean a crash that ends in a complete devastation. These wines will still shine, mature beautifully to bring joy to our taste buds with enormous complexity, structure, and depth of flavors, leaving us with a jolly mind. But they certainly can't keep dictating the same prices. And while some estate representatives think that lowering prices is not the answer, I most certainly think otherwise. Make Bordeaux available again to passionate wine lovers who dream of tasting it. Make Bordeaux available again to those who have traveled thousands of miles and want to visit your estate and are deeply interested how your wine is made. The magic behind that bottle. Make Bordeaux available again to everyday consumers. Those who buy your wine to drink, celebrating empty bottles, stained tablecloth, and purple teeth. Let me see open bottles on Instagram, not just staged photos. And to us wine lovers, let us finally enjoy Bordeaux for what it is, a great wine, not an investment asset. With that in mind, I have decided to open an exceptional nay legendary vintage of Chateau Duorvan of Margo 2016 vintage. So, let's taste it. I have been incredibly lucky to visit this estate. It is one of those rare estates that is fully converted to biodnamics and 2016 vintage was the very first vintage they were 100% biodnamic and there are some critics who do enjoy this style a lot. It is maybe more leaner more red fruit driven and there are some critics who might not quite understand it. So let's taste it here. Hm. There are a lot of wines from Bordeaux that I taste and smell and I think this is classic Bordeaux. Like it just screams Bordeaux in the glass and this one is not that. It It actually shows a bit of restraint, a bit of shininess. Um not a lot of power. It is. It is almost like delicately floral on the nose, but you do feel some of those red berries, crunchy blackberries, crunchy black currant. It is quite fresh. Let's taste it. Wow. There is this underlined elegance here. I haven't tasted this wine for a really long time, but wow, I do enjoy the style. It just sometimes feel that Bordeaux for me specific estates can be very structured, very powerful, very rich. And this one, it is fresh. It is enormously elegant and but at the same time, it does not punch you in the face. It does not punch you with the structure or intensity. It is this really calmed down, really put together, well-behaved lady, but I do think it shows that underlined Margo elegance, that underlined Margo purity of fruit. Yes, this is what I am talking about. It has this really pure almost crystalline like fruit both on the nose and on the palette. And the tannon is really beautiful. I am recording this video in quite early morning and the ten in here is not bothering me. The alcohol is beautifully well integrated. I think this is exceptional wine. It is exceptional wine but it is atypical Bordeaux. So atypical not atypical if that makes sense. Um yeah what a smoothness also on the palette. It's really beautiful. I think it's something different. It's something not your traditional Bordeaux in the glass. I will give this wine 94 points. For me, it could go as high as 96. I guess it is still quite youthful in the glass. So, thank you very much for watching. Let me know in the comment section below what do you think of Borderaux? Where is it going? What is happening with the prices? Are you still buying Bordeaux? Are you still enjoying it? or you have moved to other wine- makingaking regions and what is the reason? Is it the price? Is it the style? Is it the attitude? Let me know in the comment section below. But Borderaux has also always been a wine- makingaking region that other regions aspire to. So, make sure to watch my other video, Bordeaux versus Super Tuscany.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelrome3527 [2 likes]: I’ll be damned if my sons don’t want to enjoy the wines I’m saving to drink! I’ll drink them on my deathbed 😂
  2. @Opuscus [1 likes]: Apropos!  What your advice on "purple teeth" ? Best way to avoid it?
  3. @Bobrinsky [1 likes]: Most of my cellar is from countries other than France, but France remains the biggest single country - and that is all Bordeaux and northern Rhone. I still buy and love Bordeaux but, since being royally screwed by the en primeur prices on the 2022 vintage, I have stopped buying en primeur. Weirdly you can easily find mature Bordeaux from good vintages for less than any of the new prices. I noticed at a tasting of the 2023 vintage that Bordeaux producers are now making wines that will clearly not require so long to mature. That makes a lot of sense. Young people are impatient, and the old folks may not have ten years to wait until their purchase hits its ideal drinking window.
  4. @tonyritter3795 [1 likes]: Enjoyed this video my wife and I visited Bordeaux in 2024 and loved it. One of my bucket list trips.  Recently I was able to purchase two bottles of the 2020 Chateau Durfort-Vivens.  Wasn’t familiar with it so I opened one of the bottles and we totally enjoyed it. Looking forward to buying some more of the wine.
Cheers 😎🥂
  5. @robrussell5329 [1 likes]: The grossly high prices for the top collectables  have less to do with quality and more to do with label. The investors of these wines cannot tell the difference between a St. Estephe and a Paulliac (nor can I)  Or a good vintage from bad.

So the prices will climb so long as the elitist reputations of these wines do.  This is the playground of the rich.
  6. @alanfrancisco5144 [1 likes]: Agnese, I think this might be my favorite No Sediment video I have seen thus far. What a great combination of factual elements and passionate perspective. And I could not agree with you more. My experience with Bordeaux has been severely limited because I simply cannot afford to try it's premier wines. The result is that I have not given the region the attention it deserves. Some of the other commenters who mention enjoying lower priced Bordeaux wines may have missed your point. The highly priced wines of Bordeaux are still produced in large quantity. They are not rare and they should not command the prices that they do. I think the larger lesson is that high quality wine, wherever it is made, should be drunk. The idea of using it as a collectible and purely as an investment should be lamented.
  7. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: ¡Gracias!
  8. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: ¡Gracias!
  9. @MarceloMartinezPaschini-sm3wh [1 likes]: Guten abend, liebe Frau. Es ist mir eine Freude, Sie wiederzusehen, so lächelnd und frisch wie die jungen Trauben vom Rhein. Herzlichen Glückwunsch zu Ihrer Arbeit und Ihrem Privatleben. Möge Gott Sie segnen, beschützen und für Sie sorgen, einschließlich seines Friedens!

💟🌼🌹🌾🍀🍼🍚🦞🦐🧀🍞🥩🍵🍇🍷🍷🍷🍎🍑🍰:thanksdoc:
  10. @perry3556 [1 likes]: Couldn´t agree more, but I´d say the situation is even worse when it comes to Bourgogne PN wines. With Bordeaux you can pretty much already declare that at least 50% of the 1855 Grand Cru Growth wines are brutally overpriced. However, if you spend some time you can actually find fantastic wines from both left/right bank around the 20-40€ price range. Some really good examples I drank lately that didn´t cost a fortune: Chateau d' Aiguilhe, Chateau Yon Figeac, Chateau Soutard, Chateau la Pointe, Château la Garde, Château Lespault-Martillac. The only problem is the amount of bad wines you have to drink inbetween until you find a good/affordable wine :)
  11. @philippedemecheleer2381 [1 likes]: I love Bordeaux, the iron fist in the velvet glove.
  12. @greek_comander362 [1 likes]: Can you try wines from northern Greece?
  13. @magicalwineexperiences [1 likes]: I'll always be a Bordeaux guy, even if they mess with the price...it's for drinking, I could never invest in it, except for personal payoff when I open it, lol.  That's very rock and roll of you, drinking Left Bank Bordeaux in a Syrah glass...might have to try it myself. And always remember- A Diamond Is a Hard Rock.
  14. @joostdemoor138: I agree, but there are two sides to bordeaux. The silly side of premier crus, and the side of real value. I mean, I recently bought some bottle of Lagrange 2019 at 33 euros a bottle. Tell me one place in the world where I can find wine of that quality and age-worthiness at that price?
  15. @sixtoferro8984: I love Bordeaux wines. I buy them to enjoy with friends or on my own.  I hate that I have to be patient with them, but they are my favorites and I wait for them with great anticipation.  I love your channel, by the way.
  16. @MadamoftheCatHouse: The nature of interests is cyclical. So it is a good idea to buy something while the interest and the price are low.
  17. @MadamoftheCatHouse: It just seems like a shame that a great wine is just being sold and resold over and over again and never drunk and enjoyed the way it was meant to. What was the point in making it then?
  18. @mikeh8656: I’m curious to know your opinion of the four bottle pack of Bordeaux available at Costco for $30.  Clearly that’s not investment grade wine, but I have always enjoyed them.  What is your opinion on them?    As you are frustrated with people not drinking wine I am a car enthusiast and do not understand how people can buy exotic cars and never drive them.   Drive your cars, and drink your wine!
  19. @noelbrian55: The history of Bordeaux is nearly as intoxicating as the wine for me.  The 2024 futures pricing gives me great hope that it will be attainable and drinkable again….
  20. @fourlakes: Price

- Fine Wine Investing 101: 5 Factors to Assess the Investment Potential: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnesa from no sediment and today let's discuss five important factors you should consider when evaluating Wine's investment potential it is interesting that while more affordable everyday wine categories are struggling sales of the most expensive luxurious and rarest wines are thriving meaning that with each passing year they are traded and bought more and more maybe many of us myself included have chosen to enjoy wines less often but when we do it will be a really nice bottle or perhaps it is because wine has proven to be an excellent investment while as of making this video the Fine Wine Market has experienced a decline over the past year in the longterm wine can potentially provide a return of investment between 8 to 15% depending on the source certain wines have potential to achieve even higher returns furthermore the number of the bottles especially old and rare vintages ultimately reduces with time they are either popped open and enjoyed forgotten in sellers or accidentally broken things happen consequently this scarcity drives up the prices potentially making great profit for the owner who later sells the bottle I have talked many times on this channel about wines that can age and sometimes I have discussed wines that increase in price however since I never buy wine for profit I think I have almost never touched upon investment grade wines and what factors to consider when evaluating win's investment potential but before we start a small disclaimer my lawyer requested me to say nothing in this video constitutes a financial advice always seek the guidance of a qualified financial adviser before making any investment decisions we cannot start with anything else quality is the key for any investment grade wine and quality means not only that over many vintages numerous wine experts and Industry professionals will almost anonymously agree that the wine constantly delivers the highest quality the quality also means that wine consumers and buyers will also be able to appreciate it and be willing to pay premium for the product while I myself don't always believe that quality wine must have an aging potential after all there are many beautiful and exceptional wines not meant for long selling however in case of investment grade wine selling potential becomes extremely important you will see that as we discuss other elements important for wine to be investment worthy it all ultimately comes back to its quality and as promised we are back to Quality in this case the quality of the Vintage there are wine making regions where weather can be quite unpredictable year after year significantly affecting the final quality of the wine as well as its aging potential think of champagne burgundy and Bordeaux for example well one might assume that champagne is somewhat safe because wine makers might not declare a vintage if they don't believe the fruit meets the expected quality I still recommend examining each vintage for investing this is because a specific vintage could have a more immediate appeal to it and be a great bargain for early consumption yet not the best option for long aging I want to add a small note though not all vintages deemed bad necessarily make poor wine sometimes it can be a smart strategy to purchase a wine for a much better price point than the great vintages therefore potentially providing better returns in the future choosing the right producer or brand is crucial when seeking investment worthy wine first of all a trustworthy company or a wine maker known for consistently delivering the highest possible quality year after year will be more interesting in the investment Market than a lesser known rising star for me this is especially important if we are going back to the Vintage quality more specifically bad vintages because of the experience as well as the image associated with the brand these established Estates not only have the knowhow but are also willing to sacrifice volume to ensure the delivery of the highest standards in those poor vintages or in some cases make the very difficult decision to produce no wine at all moreover if we are talking about the luxury Estates such as chor or muton rild Investments are made in the latest Technologies and the best team teams providing them with all the resources needed to ensure that quality standards associated with their brand are met while some criticize the 1855 meta classification as dated and there are some valid Arguments for this yet I also believe that the top Estates also have an obligation to deliver the highest quality because they are considered the Benchmark well I do believe that with certain wines regions and markets the significance of wine ratings and scores is slightly reducing it Still Remains very important when it comes to investment grade wine ultimately thus circling back to the starting point which is wine must be of the highest quality first of all critic scores give an overall easy to understand and somewhat unified system for us to see which ones are considered or in fact are better probably one of the most popular wine rating systems is the 100 point scale developed by Robert Parker not only will high marks increase the demand for the wine but perfect score will give forever Fame to the wines just look at the gigal and their laala wines or Harland estate but maybe even more important and definitely highly anticipated are the scores and ratings of the Bordeaux on Premier critics and journalists are tasting Barrel samples wines that are not even B model yet and determine their quality not only will their reports impact the prices at which wines are released but they will also increase or decrease the desirability of the wine in the market Janis Robinson and wine Advocate come to my mind as some of the most influential wine critics but so do Jane ansen James suckling and Publications such as wine spectator and [Music] decer the wine or the label must hold value in the secondary Market without this no matter the Wine's quality brand reputation or received scores if it fails to catch buyer's interest it does not qualify as an investment grade wine one way to make sure that the wine will appreciate in value and be interesting in the secondary Market is the scarcity or Rarity of the bottle certainly the aforementioned Harland estate as well as Pier e colon Moray and domain Roman Conti come to my mind as great examples where prices in the secondary Market greatly exceed those at which the winery released them however this is not always the case there are many limited production wines of good quality with great aging potential and yet they failed to spark interest in the secondary Market furthermore one of the most important categories in the wine investment world is the Bordeaux wine region and even top wines from Bordeaux are produced in relatively large volumes therefore with few exceptions one can obtain almost any bottle they desire if money is not an issue yet bordeau remains a stronghold in the investment wine World there are of course many other factors one must take into consideration when evaluating whether or not wine is investment worthy such as Wine's price history and the trends of the industry and if all of this feels a little bit too overwhelming it is complete understandable but there are many trustworthy companies and private advisors that can help you in this journey however for many who love wine analyzing Trends seeking New Rising Stars and tasting wine is the most fun part of the wine collecting another factor to consider is how wine has been stored make sure to watch my other video on seven wine storage myths [Applause] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @bertusverberkmoes4249 [8 likes]: I tried to invest once but I drank it all.
  2. @TheAricko [8 likes]: I collect to drink and share, avoiding the angst and risk associated with speculation!  It keeps my blood pressure down, and we can enjoy great wines and good friends.
  3. @NoSediment [3 likes]: I recently collaborated with Vinesia, an innovative technology-driven wine investment company, on several projects. If you're considering diversifying your investment portfolio with directly sourced fine wine, based on all the factors mentioned in my video, Vinesia can answer all your questions, offering complete Peace of Mind for your wine investment journey:  https://bit.ly/47JWLmg
  4. @50somethinglawyer [3 likes]: I do invest but only to subsidise my drinking of good quality but not investment grade wines ie buy classed growth Bordeaux then when sold buy good Cru Bourgeois with the sale proceeds.

That said, investing in en primeur Bordeaux has been terrible for the last few years, even ignoring this year's fall in the indices.  Release prices have been so high, in the majority of cases, anything from 2016 and onwards has been trading in the secondary market at less than en primeur release price. 

Brunello,  Barolo and Super Tuscans for me at the moment although being very, very picky about pricing.
  5. @ptg01 [3 likes]: The biggest challenge I experience in wine investments is it only applies to the top 0.001% of wines out there. Access to these wines are almost impossible to come by as they are usually very limited in production.  Plus, as a consumer, you buy at retail and then sell at wholesale !  OUCH !  It is also very hard for a consumer to sell wine directly to another consumer in the USA.
  6. @stephanemaster8808 [2 likes]: If i collect it s for me:
I hate the invest side of wine!!

Wine is pleasure, sharing; not a bank account
  7. @injashiran [1 likes]: I have focused the majority of my starter collection  on corton  charlemagne grand cru.(young vintages 2017-2020)  To me this region is exiting because of the rapid climate changes,and the effect this can have on each vintage...
  8. @BigBobDookie [1 likes]: I know that wine shop in Montepulciano. My buddy Alberto works there. 😊
  9. @ColinReed-l9l [1 likes]: Best wine 🍷 investing  video ever made.  ❤
  10. @baggrabb [1 likes]: Given the prevalence of counterfeit wines, and the volume of wines in the secondary market, I’m curious why you didn’t mention trustworthiness of the merchant  as a key factor. Both for authenticity, but also for storage provenance. Love you channel!
  11. @juanmanuelmunozhernandez7032 [1 likes]: I got Tig and Sassicaia at a good price a few years ago. I considered keeping them for later sale but now I'm thinking I'll be popping them open in a couple of years, or perhaps I'll be trading them for something else! Who knows!!
  12. @melsialiaj [1 likes]: With the inflation already in double digits during the last years, all wines are good investments, If you've got some cash aside, even for personal consumption.
A few Santorini I bought 3 years ago (with the purpose of aging them) are now 20-30% more expensive.
  13. @fabiomacedo1681 [1 likes]: I invest in my delight. I buy wines......and drink them
  14. @johnchristie1550: Is it good?

- Tommasi: Valpolicella Wine inspires a family's passion: Kind: captions Language: en A wine family from Verona spreading their wings&nbsp;out all the way across Italy. Let's go find out. Talking about wine, you need wine. In this case I'm&nbsp;kicking off with a wonderful Valpolicella Classico Ripasso 2017. Ripasso means going over. What does it&nbsp;mean? Basically, the grapes of the Valpolicella are harvested and fermented like every red wine, but&nbsp;then, this juice is going to go over after three months of the Amarone um, drying, and after the&nbsp;fermentation this juice is going to go over the Amarone grapes to grab some sugar, more power,&nbsp;and alcohol. That's what Ripasso is for you. So, Valpolicella Tommasi is basically like a mariage, a matrimonio, a wedding. Like, it's like the two words go hand in hand. Uh, 1902 is when Giacomo Tommasi,&nbsp;the founder, creates the company with a small amount of hectares, like a really tiny vineyard. And then, right now the Tommasi family with nine, between, among cousins and brothers, each one&nbsp;with a very specific role within the company are running the show. I was saying, spreading their&nbsp;wings around the whole Italian wine country, from Valpolicella after mastering one of the most&nbsp;difficult wine areas because Corvina, Corbinone, Molinara, Rondinella, tough varieties, difficult to make, and forget&nbsp;about making Amarone chateaux just like Ripasso. So with that in mind, then they they moved&nbsp;into Tuscany, in the Maremma, then in Montalcino, Basilicata with the Aglianico delle&nbsp;Vulture and then the beautiful Southern Puglia with an incredible&nbsp;wine estate over there as well. It's all about, uh, being respectful with regards to where the wines are from, and that's what the Tommasi are about. Everywhere they go, they&nbsp;have a resident wine-maker just to make sure that things are going to be done appropriately. But at the same time, they have developed this nature-driven approach to sustainability. So in other&nbsp;words, they try to use, to be as less intrusive as possible in the agricultural field. So low, uh, if&nbsp;nothing, use of pesticides, recycling everything, no use of animal products, for instance, in the winery, and the result is always in the glass. Shiny, bright fruit, uh, very refreshing wines never have&nbsp;you going, always talking the place of origin. Hello! Anyone out there? I know you guys are&nbsp;out there, and I know that you all want some more tricks, and more tips, and of course, who doesn't want more love? And for that, subscribe to our channel, follow our social&nbsp;media, and drink more vino! Make sure that it is good vino!

- Rolling Hills Vineyard's Family Story Of Persistence and Passion: Kind: captions Language: en my my grandfather had a small Vineyard in central California where I grew up and um I I was out there on their Farm all the time and um lived out there a good portion of of my Summers were just living there from when I was a toddler and um just um my Grandpa would throw me on his lap you know on the old tractor when he would dis the fields you know when farmer still did that um and now everyone's into no till and all that but you know back then you had to get your Vineyard ready for the water you know and so he would throw me on there on his lap and um and it was just an old tractor and um we'd go up and down the roads and I have pictures of that time and I look back on them with just real fondness you know that my that my grand Grandpa uh just uh did that with me he didn't look at me as a nuisance you know he just sat me on his lap and off we went and um so I just have such good memories of growing up on that little ranch and um I wanted something like that for my kids and so my family uh background starts uh um in mosul Iraq uh where my you know um great grandmother uh lived uh with her husband and um I'm a Syrian and um and you know they had Vineyards there that they took care of and um planted and uh I I really don't know if they ever made wine with theirs but I knew they uh produced raisins you know that was part of their culture back then and um you know when when the Turks um invaded you know um and so what he was talking about the genocide it was the The Armenian Assyrian Greek uh genocide and so they um when when they fled um they they came through Ellis Island as well um and they landed in Chicago um and then eventually migrated to Central California where there is a huge huge Assyrian population in Turlock California where I I grew up um and so when they migrated to California um they you know they were all um buying up little Little Farms that whatever they could afford to to buy and they would plant little Vineyards and uh they'd make raisins and um and so when my grand when my grandmother got married to my grandfather um you know they lived on the ranch and they took care of my great-grandmother the one that migrated um and um so my grandfather ended up um taking over as she aged taking over The Vineyard work and um after the crew would come through and and pick grapes um there was always a lot left over on the vines and so he just had the idea I'm going to make some wine so he would go through and he and my grandma and they would pick all the leftover grapes um and they would make this horrible wine but you know that was in the very beginning and then every year you know he got better and better and he would G give it away to his friends he never sold it uh but he did bottle it I have a photo I'll show you later um of an old bottle with his label on it and um and uh he it I think it says French sh is what you know he made and um so or French columbard he called it columbard um so so that's how the wine making part of it started and um and and that's where where it's led to me wanting to just take a little piece of that Heritage you know and carry it on and um and maybe the kids will carry it on with their kids I don't know but um but I find so much joy in it you know and satisfaction just uh connecting way way back to that well I mean I think you know both of our family stories are are pretty much family stories that are common to you know many Americans I mean I'm a first um I'm a first generation immigrant of Italian family that um my grandfather came to United States before World War II with the idea of bringing his family over shortly thereafter obviously the war war started and intervened so there were years of him being here and them being there in all the struggles they had to go through and then eventually after the war um the you know the rest of my family migrated to to the United States um as most families you know they went through Ellis Island and you know that was back when Hoboken was 99.9% Italian people and um so that's where you know they landed and that's where our family kind of grew from there and expanded um so you know it's in a lot of things that Lor's family has yeah but yeah a lot of things that you know well yeah yeah a lot of things that you know both of our families went through like I said it's just the American experience and just to have been a part of that and to be a part of it at this point gives you a lot of appreciation what they went through during war you know Lor's family was part of a genocide and so you know you grow you don't go through those things personally but you learn from them from your family and to me you just have to take away from that the importance of family and you know staying together in working together because what is there that's more important than that Mark and I we love to be with our kids uh we always preferred to vacation with our kids from the time they were very young um all the way growing up we were watching many of our friends go off to Europe um leaving their kids at home and we wanted to stay closer to home and just vacation with our kids and it's just um as they've grown older um and we knew that we were going to be um empty nesters um you know we thought we had bought this beautiful property here and um and it had this Old Vineyard on it um that we were starting to um just re rehabilitate um and our kids um were just interested in in doing it with us our oldest son um was in the Marines at the time and getting ready to um uh be finished and uh and he was very interested in what we were doing here and wanting to when he came back home be involved in in the vineyard and um and we just have a lot of fun together we uh we we just enjoy being around each other um and uh we just appreciate uh their abilities and what they they each bring you know Zach um is very self-taught in videography and um and he loves to do all the um all the the videos and the pictures and um as well as I mean actually we all do everything you know um that's what he likes to focus on but he's also out here working in the vineyard you know and and pruning with Daniel many times and um and Savannah is out here during Harvest uh picking grapes even though you know she is the manager of the tasting room um Daniel has always loved being outside and um and so he loves the farming aspect but he's also working in the tasting room you know when we need uh extra help he's always right there um and then and then he's also been doing wine making with um my husband and um and so the two of them just have come up with a really good chemistry um with that um and then I'm usually in the backat cleaning or something like that or um planting flowers and I like the design aspect and I love um you know working with the lady who who does our labels I I'm really Hands-On with that and um I like the labels I like the tasting room design and um so that's kind of how it evolved with all of us doing our own our own thing but also together you know there's enough there's enough um to do when it comes to maintaining growing and maintaining a Vineyard and um making and bottling wine and then selling it in a Tasting Room there's enough things to do that everybody can kind of find their own Niche and each of them have um and we just fully trust their opinion and their expertise too um and and then theyve take it upon themselves to uh just further their education you know like Daniel doing the course at UC Davis and doing that with Mark and um so it's just congealed really well and so when we found this Old Vineyard that had just been sitting here you know for I don't know how many years um it it had been but um it just was calling out to us like help me help me and uh and I wanted to help it you know I wanted to help this Old Vineyard and um and so just wanting to have my hands in the dirt um has always brought me a lot of joy and satisfaction um planting something and and watching it grow and then harvesting and just that uh season the seasons of farming um there's something almost spiritual about it you know and and when it goes into dormy and then the pruning of it and the harvesting um I just I love the whole um the whole cycle of it um and I wanted my kids to learn to love that too and I think they have you know learned to enjoy that even my youngest son who swore he would never uh be out in the vineyard and didn't want anything to do with being out in the vineyard it cracks me up now when I go out there and I see him out there with my oldest son you know pruning and um and and when all three of them are out there during doing Harvest you know um it just brings me a lot of joy to see that you know we didn't push it on him he just saw us out there and eventually you know he would spend a little bit of time here and a little bit of time there and I don't know do you even find some joy in it well D kind of pushed me into it okay initi and I found the joy along the way okay he found the joy along the way he now has boots and car hearts and everything he's doing good now yeah yeah I I think it's interesting from the standpoint of when you think of our country and how it was developed it was built on forging and fron tiering and building and making things and I think what we've got what's gotten lost over the last handful of decades is we become more of a society that consumes things and I think there's something organic about making something and connecting with the Earth or whatever product you're making and bringing it to Market and seeing it touch people because that gives you a whole different sense than just consuming things and that was there a a light bulb moment or was it an evolving process um Mark that all of a sudden this idea got created of not just growing the grapes and AR ing but actually making it a a complete business can you take us back to that time I don't know if there's a light bulb moment there's been a lot of flickering but but yeah I mean I think that it's a natural extension I think there was at some point you just kind of feel I mean in I mean there are Growers everywhere and they do a beautiful job and and you love them for it but I guess for us as a small Vineyard and now it's a boutique Winery you kind of felt like just the growing end of it and then stopping there you were just you were kind of stopping short and so you know and as people who especially glor and I who when we were young and married we'd spend a lot of time in napin anden and the wine countries all through California so you grew an appreciation for the actual product so I think it was a natural extension to want to then get into taking what you grew and then to make it into the wine and um you know the CH the challenges of it are are never ending but again uh I think those are the things that sharpen you as a person and I'm a firmer believer and you never stop learning in life I think when you stop making an effort to learn in life you're hurting yourself and other people around you so I think the ability to learn and grow um obviously it takes a lot of effort to make good one and it takes a lot of people um and so I think that there's a certain amount of just um it's really the gr the grat the gratifying part of it necessarily isn't the money I can tell you that in a small wine business but it's producing a quality product and it's like creating something when you see somebody taste it every time it's almost there's takes on an artistic form to it like when you almost like you do a performance it's like are they going to like it and you know when they like it it it is a humbling feeling more than anything else because you feel like you've worked worked with your family you've worked with a group of people and you've accomplished something that other people are enjoying so my time in the Marine Corps was 2018 to 2022 so in that time I had the experience of being I had like very polarized experience in the military I had a very good kind of first couple years and the last couple years were were covid years and you get the downsides of working for you know the government the military when um you just don't have a lot of control of your life so some of it was I went what I I went and did what I wanted to do I wanted to to serve my country to learn a little bit more about myself um met a lot of good people along the way I felt like I had done that um but all the time all the time I was there kind of in the back of my mind I knew that I wanted to be around my family again um I was in Hawaii and Japan and being there I could only come home home twice a year sometimes one time a year so it just you know it made it hard because we did grow up very close um and not having that Bond just it feels like you're missing something so I always knew I wanted to come back um just in general uh the winery didn't really exist when I first joined but they created it while I was gone and they were just opening right before I got back and the opportunity was here for me to come in and primarily initially was to do the vi culture work um but then shortly after I got I got back I had the opportunity to go to school and um train with some wine makers in the area as well and learn to wine making um so it was just a nice Confluence of where I was at in my life where rolling H Hills was at in its development and um it just kind of worked out well that way um to where it just made sense for it to be the next how do you interact communicate is it with words is it with feeling is it with looks how does that happen well I mean I guess it's a family so it's a little bit of it's a little bit of all of that we definitely have spent a lot of time around each other um Zach's the youngest and he's 24 now is that right whatever year it is that's how old right yeah um so we definitely do have that six sense uh but there's also just constant communication we have uh we have our own group chat that's just Rolling Hills stuff and you know it's kind of it's kind of going all hours of the day um if somebody comes up with an idea it almost always gets filtered into there we have our emails as well but a lot of the a lot of the chat that doesn't get done in person happens uh it happens through text things get uh spread out that sent out that way ideas kind of Spawn that way or they get planted that way and then we usually come together once a week and really flush out ideas during our weekly meetings on on Tuesdays and that's when we'll actually start to formulate events wine releases what we want to do with the wines um stuff like that what we want to do for our club members all those kind of things uh we meet together once a week to to Really hash all those things out I mean it's not always smooth I mean sometimes it's hard not to run the business like a family even though we call it a family business that's the hardest part of it is intertwining the aspect of it's already hard enough for a family to be close as rewarding as it is and then jumping into a business as family you can't take those family aspects and like privileges you get from being like your son like your little brother like I it's hard sometimes as a family business not to take the Privileges from a family and drop those when it comes to the business and I think that's been a big learning curve is dropping those privileges because you can't even though we call it a family business and it is that's really only in terms of like we're all Pas schoolies that run it even though you're weather hold now you're still but that's the learning curve to me is observing like continually dropping those family privileges that would get in the way of a business and operating as co-workers that that do kind of need to also care because we have that obligation of family I think that finding the advantages of being family that run a business together is kind of hard and that's I think for at least in my personal experience the hardest learning curve well I was actually talking to a friend the other day and it was an interesting conversation because he was asking like the family Dynamic when you know you're running a business and I said you know I said the great thing about it is that they all had great relationships growing up and you you know that this being in business now is going to add an extra level or dynamic and it's by Nature going to go through a period where it potentially add some tension and growing and stressing and everything but when I was talking to him I said you know what I really hope comes of it is that they not only learn to appreciate themselves as siblings but also as co-workers and develop a greater respect for their strengths and weaknesses and what they do because I think through through doing that you develop stronger relationships as siblings and if there were something that we were to get out of it that would be gratifying I think that if it could be something over time that brings you guys even closer together I think that would be the most gratifying thing we can get from it yeah yeah it's definitely different learning to work with each other as if feel just being siblings that's definitely a different Dynamic but but um and it does it can be hard sometimes to separate the work and the family stuff like we have those conversations sometimes where we'll go stretches where it's it's such a fun business that it can end up consuming like even what would be outside of for time and so we kind of have to to work on that and reel it in um from that aspect just to kind of just to help it feel balanced just because it you know it wine making and the selling of it it's just a 247 thing and it it's all year long and it's like it's different seasons but um it's definitely um very exciting um and there's a lot to it there's a lot of creativity you can bring to it but uh we also have to kind of make sure we still maintain normal family relationship outside of just the the working also yeah a lot of people ask in The Tasting Room customers that come in members and things like that oh how do you like working for your family working with your brothers things like that how does that go how do you guys do it and I just I tell a lot of people like of course we are a family and there's there's ups and downs in that regard but overall it works really well for us and we have our different strengths and weaknesses and they all the way everything kind of comes together we all kind of balance each other out in the perfect way and so it's it's I find it's been really easy and I don't think a lot of families can maybe say the same but for us it's worked the blessing in all of it is that you develop appreciation for each other as siblings that you maybe wouldn't get if you didn't work together because it is very it is very hard and you know knowing a lot of friends over the years you know sometimes they've had great success in family businesses and sometimes it doesn't work and it's it's not that any reflection on the family it's just a dynamic sometimes it just doesn't doesn't work yeah I think there's a lot of mutual respect overall and when it comes to work when it comes to our personal lives and things like that we all just respect each other and I think that makes a big difference well that thank you for sharing that insight and and you didn't know this was a counseling session when I was in in in um December in that in that Tasting Room it was a symphony you know you were all different instruments but that Symphony work together and I didn't see a director doing there tell me a little bit more about that Savannah because you were Center in that working at The Tasting Room I think it's and it's evolved over time you know starting out a lot of it was a lot of finding our groove and figuring out kind of our individual roles and how that was going to work and I think now kind of maybe what you saw in December is we just kind of like you said it's we kind of just know what needs to be done and what one of us maybe needs to go do or go help with without somebody even needing to ask and so I think over time we've kind of grown into that seamlessness maybe that you kind of witnessed that day and that ability to just kind of move and do things and I think in general we're all very active people and we like to stay moving anyways and so from that sense it's easy for us to just I think it's hard for us to stand around and just sit around at times and so I think it's easy for us to just constantly be working and moving and doing what needs to be done next I think the great thing about the ABA is obviously being at the base of the Foothills you know going up to the mountains you get great temperature changes the dial change from day to night and that's so impactful through the growing season to allow the The Grapes to warm up heat up during the day and then cool down at night and then just the slopes and the Rolling Hills and the Foothills here and both out in the Sunny Slope give you the opportunity to to angle the fruit to get your directional of your rows and certain ways that give you the ability to EXT accentuate kind of the the development of the fruit and and how it's planted and I think the region has learned tremendously over the past 40 or 50 years the varietals that are well suited to the region the ones that aren't and then the ones that are how to grow them within the region our soils here tend to be a little more clay than sand but um that has seemed to have served us very very well um the soil is amazing the cab Fran and the tempero we grow seem to just absolutely love the soil profiles that we have um they produce very rich deep uh bold um varietals from both of them and and we do do a lot during the pruning and through the pruning process and then through the year with canopy Management in order to kind of extract from the fruit what we want because in Idaho we have the concern of will the growing season be shortened so we try to manage the canopy in a way that it will hopefully progress the fruit to the point where the time it's ready for Harvest that we have the sugar levels and the acid levels that we feel are going to be optimal to produce the best one we can um and then we've also been very fortunate because we've had some viticultural Consultants um his name is Jake kraan he works for wine makers which is the biggest grower On the Sunny Slope and um he he's been helping us for a handful of years as far as rehabilitating the vineyard and how to just manage the vineyard through the season in order to optim the production yeah I mean like I said along with a viticultural consultant we have a wine consultant too his name is Tim Donahue he used to be the uh dean of the analy program at wwal University and he's just an absolute blessing to have I think he's he's forgotten more than most people know and so you know we are it's very humbling to have had the resources that we've had as we've started up to really be able to gain and extract knowledge um from from those that are really expertise have real expertise in their field we know what we want to produce but you know you have to learn and build that knowledge of how to get there our business name is spoken lines right so we let the lines speak by doing this just you guys are all talking about it so the cap Fran um and who would like maybe I would actually be nice if a couple of you maybe could talk about a little bit um what's special about that wine how how would you describe the wine and how does that wine speak to you let talkop with with me I for me what I really like about the cap fron is it's it's very it's a it's light it's a nice light red um so I think it's very approachable and for people that are just kind of getting into drinking especially Reds I think it's a nice one to kind of start with it's not as heavy or bold as maybe a c s so I think the C Fran is a really nice light red and it pairs nicely with a lot of things so I think that's why I like it so much C Frank is the unsung hero of the Bordeaux varietal let's just get down to it it is the one of the parent of both Cabernet svon and it's one of the parent um varial of Merlo I think it is one of the most under appreciated varietal as a standalone varial like Savannah said it's a medium bodied um if you take the time and the patience in the growing it and you crop it correctly and you do your canopy management correctly you can get a lot of that fru out of it that balances very well with the um with the peppery notes and it's just a very wonderful approachable varietal um and I think that um I'm very proud to have that kind of as our Flagship varietal because it's there's a uniqueness to it it's almost like you want to push it from the from the back of the crowd to the front where I think it deserves to be and I think tell me your experience with that cat Frank from when it started to where it is now from your perspective when we actually started I didn't drink wine I was 21 21 years old I just started drinking alcohol uh as far as they know and so wine was very new to me so good answer every child's story uh so for me it's just really it was a really good introduction to the red wines the first two I liked were the catron and the sarra yeah I think it gets better with age too that's a personal preference I like something that is a lot stronger it's if I drink a Red it's an aged C fron like our 2018 2019 I'm proud of it uh because it's there's such a a family effort that went in that went into it you know all of our hands have touched it um and then um most importantly I think my my grandfather would be would love the wine I think he would it would make him so happy um and I I know he's in heaven and he can see it all um and I I think um he he would just love this wine so that makes me happy I enjoy the wine um I I you know my favorite wines kind of uh evolve with the seasons um so I'm drinking every a little bit of everything all the time but um but I love to come back to it but you know it's it's our estate wine um we all enjoy it um and yeah like I said I think my grandfather would enjoy drinking it he loved Dr wine um and that that just brings me uh a lot of Happiness yeah so then and then the Sprucey we have to say yes you really caught us with the Sprucey when we first came in and you said like oh I didn't even know you had a sparkling wine we just started in the business of sparkling was really awesome too yeah so tell us more about the spruing where did that idea come from and that was a Gage and it was a and then using the ganach grape of all grapes for that where did that come from um and um you know where did that bold idea come from well again it's taking something that's maybe not where you want it at the time and getting it to where you want to be and the ganach as it was coming together I wasn't confident in it as um a rosé a still Rosé so that's where the Brilliance of Tim donu comes in we get Tim involved and um he has this smashing idea of how to take this base wine which was a good base wine had good acidity good balance to it and he was the one that came up with the you know the changes that took it from that still wine Ros to what it is now as the sparkling and it's it's an area that we're definitely venturing more into we have another white sparkling um from what we make Moscato we actually are turning it into a white sparkling from Moscato from the Muscat grape and we're looking forward to that coming out in the next month so um it's really an area we're going towards a lot of it is because that's where the consumer's going and so we want to make sure that we're meeting you know the needs of where the market the consumer are going plus it it adds a different uh Dynamic to what you're doing it stretches your learning again because then you're getting back in and there's a whole different arc form to making sparkling wine as opposed to still wine so you know it keeps that evolution of learning and building and growing um so we're looking forward to more sparkling coming coming out we have two traditional methods are going to come out later this year so um we we've kind of gone all in as far as adding sparkling to our um our offering we also have a daughter who loves champagne and I do too and so we it was just natural challeng it was just natural that we needed to have that as part of our lineup you know and it's so fun it's so fun you know it's uh so we just had to have it yeah you got to make the kids Happy Well we like to we like to drink our own wine so you have to have one for every occasion yes there's Vision leading you in let's say 10 20 years from now why do you see it generally as just wine makers we want to hone in on what we think our best wines are what our favorite wines are maybe trim a couple out that we're not such a fan of bring a couple on that we we do like um we do have we do have plans to make some changes in the next few years and I think that will probably be something that always happens because you know what we want to produce what we're excited about might change what people want to drink what our club might want might change so we'll adapt with that um I think we'll always have our Staples and um you know in terms of the family's involvement going forward I think you know we'll all have a hand in it to some degree I think life will life will happen roles might change responsibilities might change I think we'll all have a part to play um and yeah hopefully someday our you know next Generation has a part to play as well I think that's the uh that's the goal yeah I mean I would I would say honestly we're a a family of faith and so you know when you ask that question what came to me is you walk by faith and not by sight so what I'm thinking in terms of that is um we're open to the direction that you know that God wants to take the winery that's I think very important to us I think um it's a blessing to be in the Idaho area because it is a small region I think it will remain a small region and I think there are some real built-in advantage of that there's real diversity and varietals you can get single vintage um wines that are hard to find in other regions whether that's well malc's not that hard to get but PTI ero carire Sino you can just go down the list of um varietals that aren't plentiful that you can get in this region you know I think that's one thing that I've you know carried through my whole life is just persevering through situations that are that are difficult because um it's never I don't think really the measure of a person is necessarily what other people perceive as their success but it's their ability to persevere and to maintain their character and integrity in doing that

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpokenWines: www.spokenwines.com/newsletter subsribe to get our latest stories to exceptional wines from around the world.

- Planted on the Bonds of Friendship and a Passion for Wine: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so welcome to blackb Vineyard in Southampton Massachusetts to my right is Ed this is Mary Ian and I'm Michelle uh we planted our first Vines back last year in 2010 and we plan on opening our Winery next year in 2012 we've been friends for about 10 years now and we hope to uh grow together our friendship and produce good wine and and share it with everyone well let's start in March 2010 when Ian Michelle Mary and I sat down for dinner in the house uh they came over to watch American Idol and and there I had some wine books on the kitchen table and Ian says what's this I says well I've been toying for a couple of years with doing something with wine and and I was thinking about planting and and uh I said my problem is I have hard time pulling the trigger these days and Ian jumped up and he said let's do it last fall we put up about 12 different varieties of grapes in in maybe 15 or 16 different styles that's why you see so many of the the different uh car boys and stainless containers uh and we also have more in another room but uh trying to Source grapes experiment with grapes and see what kind of wine that we can make uh especially I think we we spend spent more time this past year working with the the hybrids and trying to figure out exactly how to make the wine and and we're happy with our results you can see behind us here um the uh small what we call car booys uh containers even these smaller containers to 200 L and 100 L um we try to keep things small here um with our um uh varieties it allows us to spend more time um it allows us to uh think about each uh type of wine and and what needs to be done to get it right This Barn is what was a Woodshed for the farm here and um it was a working farm up until probably the 19 80s maybe 90s late 80s I guess and um so this upper section we hadn't been using we've been using the lower section just to store our cordwood um which we do heat with and our greatest source of heat comes from black Birch which is where our part of where our name came from um it's a post and beam construction that happened somewhere probably in the 1860s the house is from 1860 and um so most of the structure is original we did put a new floor down um and we have an option to expand The Tasting Room a little bit wider if we need to in the future and we hope that we do thanks for watching and come visit us soon at black Birch Vineyards in Southampton Massachusetts

- Bringing people together through a passion for wine: Kind: captions Language: en wine brings people together wine is at the heart of many great memories i grew up in monreal in zimbabwe so i grew up in a very strict religious background where none of my family drink at all my father passed away suddenly when i was eight years old so then my mom shared to work extra hard to provide for all of us so later i went to south africa to find some work so that i helped my mum to provide for the family and then i end up working in a restaurant there is so much going on in a restaurant food service atmosphere but what caught my attention was the wine i became fascinated by it to see how it brings people together friends family it was so different to how i perceived it in my religious upbringing so i began to study wines i researched in my spare time and eventually i had my first ever glass of wine it was amazing and my passion for wine continued to grow and one day at the restaurant the guests came and he didn't want to see the wine list and he asked me to choose for him this was my chance to show my knowledge i chose the one and he was impressed he then asked if i would like to study and train to become a sommelier and offered to sponsor me to do so and then i found out this guest was the manager of one of the most well-known winey states in south africa this was a dream come true but then i remember my mom and how she doesn't approve of drinking i love my mom she's my hero i really wanted her blessing in this so i flew her to south africa to dine at my place of work to show her about the wine culture and how it brings people together and to show her that it's not a bad thing she came and she enjoyed it so much that by the end of it she even asked for her own glass of wine and she loved it [Music] like i said before one brings people together and wine brought me and my mom closer together with my mom's blessing i continued with my studies and i got certified i then got the job of my dreams i became a sommelier at singita i love working with singita because it allows me to do what i'm passionate about which is creating memories and experiences for guests through wine i love being part of making people's time at singita unforgettable

- Six Generations of Passion, Commitment, and Quality Wine | Bogle Winery | Welcome to the Winery: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] our family came out to the delta back in the 1870s our great great grandfather came out with his uncle aj bogle and settled in an island down in the delta and started growing orchards of cherries pears peaches and feeding all the people who were coming into san francisco in the great depression our family lost all of our land holdings and basically became tenant farmers and started farming other people's properties my grandfather warren came back from world war ii he bought his first 20 acres we're standing here on merritt island which is the home ranch that was the first 20 acres my grandfather was able to purchase over the years he started growing you know purchasing more and more acreage and at that time he was a row crop farmer so he was farming wheat safflower and corn he grew a lot of corn he was actually a an award-winning corn farmer here in the delta we tried lots of different crops but it wasn't until 1968 that our grandfather warren bogle planted the first grapevines here in clarksburg originally he was looking for something he didn't have to replant every year and so he planted potatoes and they all immediately died he had somebody come out and take a look and the gentleman said mr bogle i'm sorry i don't know what happened to your potatoes but this is beautiful country for wine grapes in 1968 he planted the first vineyards pizza raw and shannon blanc and since then we've been able to add on to the home ranch now it's 110 acres but with within that now we currently farm 1900 acres in three different counties so it's really expanded from the early days over the years we've faced a lot of challenges i think the losing our our parents so young was something that you know was not expected but we all knew what we had to do when that happened come back circle the wagons and just kind of keep things going it's very important for us this business isn't something that we started simply something for us to steward and to be good stewards of and to make stronger make good decisions you know keep it going and then if our kids the seventh generation of bogle wants to uh be a part of it of course it's their choice but we wanted to be here for them so they have that choice sustainability was always important to us as a as a family as a company so we felt we were always you know farming sustainably through the years and in about 2007 2008 we we joined sustainability program because we we wanted to quantify what we were doing and and since then in 2011 we encourage our outside growers that grow grapes for our winery to be enrolled in the program when i was young we used to flood irrigate all of our vineyards all of our row crops and that's that's just kind of what everybody did since then drip irrigation has come along and we've converted probably 90 percent of our vineyards over to drip and then the vineyards that we've planted going you know since since drip irrigation was available have all been on drip for us the fact that we've been farming wine grapes for 50 years we really feel that sustainability is just part of who we are before the program and before the seal was ever on the label it was what we did every day here from my brother out in the vineyard to our staff in the winery choices that we make every day with sustainability in mind because at the end of the day if we don't make those decisions the business won't be here for the next generation every single vineyard that we farm is harvested crushed and vented independently like like a winery one 100th or size we're making wine the way we did when we when we only made a couple hundred cases of wine small batch wine making handcrafted but sometimes when a winery gets large people kind of forget that that's how you can still do it quality is still our number one priority here at bogle and we make decisions every day that allow us to make wine that way you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikew2911 [2 likes]: Bogle is on a whole other level when it comes to budget wines.

- Wine Folly Guide to Burgundy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I was thinking about it and if there is one region that casts fear in the heart of every wouldbe somier it's burgundy on the surface it's not that complicated burgundy sits in the middle of France and specializes in just two grapes it's easy right and yet if we were to hone in on one region that's had the greatest influence on defining what fine wine is it's burgundy hands down honestly I hate to admit this is true but France got something very right with burgundy so let's find out what we can about this place and its wine so not only do you have a deeper understanding of this place but you understand more about fine wine in general of the 76,000 Vineyard acres in burgundy the majority are dedicated to just two grapes chardonay and P Noir and since I can hear the keepers of burgundy lore cringing I'll admit burgundy does more than just those two grapes the rare Grapes of burgundy include an unpretentious white called aligote a tiny amount of Pino gree some somon Blanc under the Appalachian name Sal Bri and a touch of G that returned to the region after it was banished in 1395 but the focus on sh gard and Pon Noir is what put burgundy on the map and this region has been workshopping these grapes for almost a thousand years the San monks started burgundy's obsession with wine quality it was in 1098 when 21 monks thinking the world would end started a monastery that shunned wealth to focus on Farming and charity with their success their land Holdings expanding allowing monks to improve their wine making methods over hundreds of years and it's likely that their work established France's incredible diversity of wine varieties including grapes like P war chardonay aligot and game and even though Burgundy wine labels are confusing and we'll get into that in a bit you can trust that if it's a red wine and it's from burgundy it's ponir and if it's a white wine it's probably chardonay burgundy's classification system offers a secret to finding good affordable Burgundy wine but how did it start over hundreds of years Burgundian Growers named their best Vineyard sites these plots have limstone soils and face the sun just right to make great wine the plots called clats became burgundy's basis for their classification system burgundy wines have four quality tiers read Regional wines Village Appalachians Premier crew Vineyard wines and gr crew Vineyard wines for example if you buy a Chardonnay Village wine from shbl it can come from any Vineyard in that Village appalation Premier crew Vineyards are less numerous and these sites have much more optimal growing conditions like better soils drainage and sun exposure last but not least the gr crew Vineyards are the best sites for growing Chardonnay in ch these are exceedingly rare and special so if you're just getting into burgundy I think the best place to start is with a village wine from a good vintage and we'll talk more about vintages to look for so stay tuned when you look at Burgundy on a map you'll see that it has four distinct growing areas each of these regions sh the coat door coat chalanes and mcon make different tasting wines and I'll admit the differences are subtle but perhaps that's what makes burgundy so mindboggling let's start with the region that everyone gets excited about the coat door it's a bit nuts to think that wines from the 33 Grand crew Vineyards in the coat door command the highest prices of wine in the world this is billionaires juice but what's it like the coat door is split into two areas the coat bone and and the kotoni let's start with the koten since this is the most expensive Vineyard area in burgundy the terrain here is characterized by an undivided Southeast facing slope which creates the perfect conditions for growing grapes in burgundy it has 24 ground crew Vineyards more than any other region in burgundy now 80% of The Vineyards in the kenui grow ponir which tells you just how integral this grape is to the Region's identity the soils the slope and the climate together could produce some of the most sought-after Pinon Noir Wines in the world one Vineyard in particular stands out it's related to burgundy's history CL vuo it's an original San Abbey on a gron crew Vineyard this Vineyard has been producing wines for nearly a thousand years if you're looking to taste these wines you should know that not only do they very based on Vineyard and vintage but the producer matters as well the best wines deliver ethereal fruits roses plums and spice with Savory notes these wines are built to age with higher tannin and acidity so if you're curious to try a Cen weights I would recommend to start with the best value areas check out COI vage oeni Appalachians or maybe the village appalachi of N St George Mars or Fen moving on to the coat to bone this area is just as densely planted as the the kenui but the landscape here is more varied this diversity in terrain has led to a shift in the types of grapes grown while ponir is still prominent there's a noticeable increase of chardonay plantings in fact seven of the eight gron crew Vineyards in katab bone focus on chardonay making this reach the Benchmark for Chardonnay enthusiasts and these wines are Oak Aged wines which exude Elegance richness and complexity the Pinon Noir from this area shouldn't be overlooked either as it's surprising it's often praised for its Rich earthy qualities with notes of black plums sued like age worthy tannin they're good since aotong is also a ground crew area prices can get quite high for these Appalachian wines so you might try some of the Lesser known Appalachians like s Oben sanan or o Dess and before we continue sell through the rest of burgundy let's take a detour to a part of burgundy that's very unlike the rest Shi sh sits closer to Champagne than the rest of burgundy and this Northern location means sh has a much cooler climate which plays a significant role in the character of its Chardonnay wines the Region's best sites share the same kigian Limestone soils as champagne which have this chalky white composition the white soils actually help reflect black sunlights to ripen The Grapes despite the cooler temperatures and as we talked about earlier the sight matters and it affects to be B wine quality in that classification system like I said before the specialty here is Chardonnay but it's unlike anything you'll find in the rest of burgundy Shi are typically lean citrusy and often uned with a crisp refreshing profile known to age decades there's some of the most minerally Sharden you will ever taste making them a must try for anyone who is interested to taste a different expression of Chardonnay next let's head back to the main growing era of burgundy to explore our next region coat chalones this region often gets overlooked because it doesn't have any gr crew Vineyards that's because it's a bit higher elevation than the Cod door and thus a little bit cooler but without that gr crew price tag coach Shalon offers much better values I would look in Mercury rui and jeev if you love plumy ponir and rui cuz this is the center of burgundy's crant production crant the borgon is made in the same production method as champagne with the local Pinon Noir and Chardonnay grapes and it's great lastly for those of you looking for bizarre finds there is one unique appalation here worth noting bueron it specializes in a rare white grape called aligote which most find to be pretty lean and flinty finally we arrive in McAn the southernmost region in burgundy the climate here is decidedly different from the rest of burgundy it really feels like we're now in southern France this is chardonay country but the warmer climate here means Harvest happens about 2 weeks after shle it makes a riper more peachy style of chardonay wines and they're also Enochs meaning stainless steel and no o o the Macan is also where some of the most exciting recent developments in burgundy are taking place in The Last 5 Years three Appalachians have had their Vineyards elevated to Premier crew status signaling a growing recognition for this wine region this part of burgundy is definitely an area worth watching I think it's time to take a step back from exploring the regions of burgundy to talk about something that absolutely crucial to know if you like to buy burgundy wines and that's the vintages the year the wine was made will greatly affect quality and character in a wine and this is especially true in burgundy for example the 2020 vintage has been widely hailed as exceptionally collectible and on the other hand nobody's talking about 2021 conditions like spring frosts hail heat spikes and rainy weather during the Harvest will greatly affect the grape quality and thus the wine quality so if you're looking for Value bottles I would actually stock up on the good vintages because affordable wines will actually be very delicious and you can actually get into really high quality wines on the not so good vintages because they tend to be more affordable on those less popular vintages so those are my secrets on vintages but if I could identify y burgundy's secret it's not their special Limestone soils their historic Vineyard sites or even their special clones of penon Noir and Chardonnay it's the people and the fact that they care continually burgundy has a history of not trying to be something it isn't and yet championing what it is it's not the biggest brashest wine of them all it's subtle it's elegant it's demure so that's burgundy thanks for tuning in and I hope you learned something if you did subscribe to this Channel and you will get more and if you want to go a step further consider taking one of wine Folly's online courses from The Beginner's wine 101 course to the exceedingly fun yet actually pretty Advanced wine 2011 to gain those wine chops you always wish you had until next time happy tasting go drink some burgundy

  Top Comments:
  1. @FiveFigsDigital [3 likes]: I knew more than a fair amount about this topic before I watched this. You covered it beautifully. Informative and just enough entertaining. Well done.
  2. @Secondreich-k3m [2 likes]: Average meal in orderstaat burgand
  3. @JasonWalsh-b4n [2 likes]: I LOVE BURGONDY FRANCE AND BURGONDY WINE!!!❤❤
  4. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: GREAT WINE!!!!!🙂😁💙💙✌🏼🤙👌👍
  5. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: LETS ALL GET DRUNK AND HAVE AN ORGY IN FRANCE, GIRLFRIENDS!!!❤
  6. @JasonWalsh-b4n [1 likes]: ME LOVE BURGONY WINE, AND I USED TO BE A CISTERCIAN CATHOLIC MONK.❤
  7. @Neosoul_prima [1 likes]: People really need to start taking French class. Great video though
  8. @perry3556 [1 likes]: I love bourgogne pinot noirs, but I haven´t had one pinot noir that survives the night. I´ve had inumerious regional, village, premier cru & grand cru and once you pop that bottle you gotta finish it before the night´s over or it´ll taste anything from "ok" to quite soso the next day, they quickly turn somewhat fatty/acidic/vinegar... with Bordeaux and cabernet/merlot based wines it´s a different story, some of them can actually get better after 24h opening...
  9. @MustHaveWine [1 likes]: Very educational and informative!  Well done.  I'll have to re-watch this and take notes!  (PS....love the outfit!)
  10. @closandmonopole [1 likes]: Really nice video!
  11. @WineUnfiltered-j4u: This is a great guide!
  12. @JohnJullaiya: The quality is unmatched.
  13. @BoozewithNick: Excellent work on this one, Madeline! This episode should be required viewing for anyone doing their WSET 1. For those of you newer to wine, the way she streamlined her explanation of this very complex region was just great. Specifically, the guidance on the more entry level appellations is very valuable (literally). Oh yeah, and drink cremant de Bourgogne if you like sparkling and never worry about champagne prices again. Or Willamette Valley sparkling white, which is pretty much Burgundian. ❤
  14. @John-wx2ce: Great video. I wish this was included with Clive Coates book! In my opinion, the sweat spot in Burgundy in terms of the quality / price ratio are the premier crus. While Grand Cru wines are undeniably fabulous, the pricing is, well, bordering on ridiculous.
  15. @nikosvithoulkas9602: Excellent video madalena... !!!!
Please make a similar video for the other regions (with a map) of France. It is very educational
keep it up...
thank you....!!!!!❤
  16. @Indian--Summers: 5 minutes was all I could take. This vid is boring as f....
  17. @GuadalupeEspinoza-r9u: Really good video,  saludos desde Mexico 🇲🇽
  18. @lawrencemiller8198: Really liked this video
  19. @Lil_Squib: What was that acoustic guitar song you used in the transitions? It sounded really nice
  20. @danielraptis4255: Lots of mistakes here. I'd recommend to go there to know why every village has its own culture...

- How to Buy Burgundy Wines Without Emptying Your Bank Account | Beginner's Guide to French Wine: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys it's vivian the song next door today we are gonna be covering burgundy burgundy france that region i'm gonna do a quick overview and then what i really want to do is kind of talk about how to find bargain burgundies which is really an oxymoron technically that doesn't really exist but i think there are some burgundies that you can get for much cheaper and i want to discuss those it's like like a fun little story i remember when i was learning for my similier test one of the first chapters is either bordeaux or burgundy for me it was burgundy and honestly it is so daunting i almost feel like they they put the hardest in front of you like just to scare you off so if you get over that hump then everything else seems so easy in comparison new world wines the rules the laws history is just like not as complex these are my burgundy notes from back in the day this was all burgundy this is just the tip of the iceberg comment down below if you guys want a more in-depth burgundy lesson right from the get-go you guys should know that the two main grapes in burgundy is pinot noir and chardonnay there are some exceptions there's you know alikote bouzeron makes that beaujolais is technically part of burgundy but just just forget it it's like they it just acts like its own thing so burgundy god just know pinot chard pinot chard so in burgundy there are different designations of quality levels so starting from the very bottom there are regional wines and that's just called burgundy reds burgundy whites so borgonia rouge brugonia blanc then there are village wines there's premier crew which means first growth and then grand cru which is great growth so that is your stratification for quote unquote uh value aka it's just that's the that's the stratification for how much you're gonna pay so for grand cruz there's 33 grand cruz in burgundy and there's just a couple that you guys just need to know like ramune conti expensive anything with chamber then in it you guys just need to know these are expensive wines why are these so expensive wines well burgundy is very small in comparison to bordeaux it's it produces like one-fifth of the amount of wine that they do a lot of the times in burgundy there will be a lot of owners that own these small parcels and they will sell them to a negotiate and the negotiation will make the wines because the wine the vineyard owners don't have enough to like make it make enough wine you've heard of tarwar i've kind of talked about that but tawar is when a wine exhibits quality of the land and in burgundy it is so true that one row grapes will taste very different from another row grapes so they determined way longer these are where the best grapes are grown another factor that's kind of interesting is that every year you know the weather is very different and especially for pinot noir which is a very hard fickle grape to grow it will be impacted by hail how much water it gets so those are all factors do you see me i'm getting so excited talking about burgundy anyway all y'all need to know is okay so i will show a map of burgundy and you guys need to know so chablis is all white they produce really great chardonnays and because it's like the limestone there it's very like minerality acidic it's beautiful if they don't typically use too much oak it's bomb like shipley is bomb and underneath that is kotior which includes the bomb that is where it gets expensive even like regular quality wines like regional wines are gonna be 23 premier crew it's gonna be around like fifty dollars forty fifty dollars and then grand cru we're if you're not paying like a hundred dollars at least like that's a steal then there's two other areas there's cote chalonnais and makone and what i'm going to get at is like those are the areas where you can find very good bargains let's talk about cote chalonnais so that's the one right underneath kotobun and that is where you can find very good bargain pinots there's villages in coachella givery murky those villages can produce pretty good decent pinot noirs just depending on the producer antonin i'll put that information over here he's a good producer and you can find some good pinot noirs from there and then in makone you can find some good chardonnays for 17. less than 20 bucks so that's what i'm drinking right now this is a makon luni so there's makon villages and then the higher step up is like makon and then they'll name the village so this one is makon luni so that's a step up there's puifuisi which is very good but if you and those go for like you know 20s 30s let's talk about the flavor profiles of burgundy the whites they are known for malolactic fermentation please don't run away just call it mallow it's basically when the acid turns a little bit more buttery so it's a little bit more creamier and it has light oak so you get a little bit of those baking spices which is very nice there is a lot of leaves contact which is yeast cell so it's very round and rich and it's just like a nice wintry fall line what to pair with a white burgundy any cream pasta you can do chicken any chicken dishes with a light sauce just like think what would go well with butter and that's what will go well with a white burgundy let's move on to the reds my brands this one that i'm drinking right now it is louis chennau so this is kotabon and it's a premier crew i got this for dollars i had it with some bone marrow oh my god you guys it was so good it was so good this is giving me like strawberry rhubarb like red cherries so when going for pinot noirs and you're buying a bottle from a store i recommend you do some research it is not always the case that grand cru is better than premier crew which is better than village wines that's better than regional ones you know it really depends on producers when you're at the store look up the producer look up the vintage honestly vintage is probably a little bit easier you can literally go online i'll show you what i look up there's like i think it's a wine enthusiast vintage shirt that i go through and it kind of just gives me a lay of the land i do both i do that and then i look up janice robinson's vintage record and she kind of tells me like this was a little bit more rainy or whatever or if it's cooler it's like less alcohol you can probably drink it younger if it's high alcohol it probably needs a little bit more time and so that's another thing i want to get out so burgundy unlike bordeaux they're more forgiving if you drink it younger whereas bordeaux there's some that just like i'm sorry this it's not good it's not good until you wait i just wanted to share with you what i do to even be able to try some burgundies may it be village burgundies regional burgundies premier crew burgundies if i do drink brand crew burgundies it is by the glass because you know i don't have that bank account yet working on it but yeah burgundies are a beautiful wine i think everyone just needs to know about burgundies just so they are well equipped just being familiar with it just puts you in a league of your own well thank you guys for joining me hit that like button please and subscribe to my channel let me know what else you guys want to watch if you guys want me to rewind and be like can you go back to like basic stuff please let me know or if you're like no girl i want you to go deep cheers i hope you guys have an empty class like i do and happy drinking everybody boy [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @numanuma20 [3 likes]: I think Pinot Noir is more forgiving when drunk young. Some Burgogne Pinot Noirs are made fruity and meant to drunk young.
  2. @TheSommNextDoor [2 likes]: What should I cover next? Comment down below
  3. @metallic21 [2 likes]: Would love to learn more about the differences between different Grand Cru appellations. Love your videos by the way!
  4. @Blair338RUM [1 likes]: Bargain Burgundy?
Red Givry is my pick. 
Santenay, Fixin, Macon
  5. @mapatofu10 [1 likes]: Can you make a thorough critique of each of the famous wine critics, like Rob Parker, Janice, Vinous, Suckling, etc. Just curious what they like and what they don't like
  6. @hmorehead: Great. Let's present bottles that sell for $1000.bottles available with a bribe and in quantities of a  half case.
  7. @Edward-zw9ld: What is your phone #?
  8. @Edward-zw9ld: Love this girls demonstrated appreciation of burgundy to the max.🎉🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  9. @nayanababo: hi vivian! just subscribed! i am glad i found your channel :) you mentioned "producer" in the video and lately after studying more wine the word "producer" is literally confusing me. Are producers literally the WINE MAKERS that do all the bottling and final touches? if so, is it safe to say whenever the word "domaine" is on a label- are they the "producers"? Thank you!
  10. @joesantamaria5874: More in depth, please. Volnay Premier Crus and Chambolle Musigny, please. Beaune and Savigny wouldn’t be bad, either.
  11. @sanjaypatelmd4669: Are these Super duper expensive Burgundy worth the price?
  12. @JJWitte83: Great video, I'd love more guides for other regions on how to get good wine deals.
  13. @megahungster: Interesting video. I wouldn't hold the bottom of the glass (would hold the stem instead) as it would "warm" the wine
  14. @opusbay9529: Good burgundy’s basics, but you need to drink more wine.
  15. @uros3701: Me about to contaminate comment section of this video with TNO Ordenstaat Burgund refferences just because this video mentions word Burgundy.
  16. @mzxmzx9561: Awesome video! Bty, what glass are you using for the red?
  17. @dukeriver01: Love the vid and how it's so packed with info ❤ hit the subscribe button right away!
  18. @elainezuo: Very informative!
  19. @numanuma20: I’ve heard that the best to buy Burgundy reds if buy having them shipped from France. It will be cheeper than in the US.
  20. @brianp7231: More in depth. More vids about how to find value for your money.

- 5 Great Value BURGUNDY Wines You MUST Try (While They Are Still Affordable): Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's look for Value in burgundy no no no hear me out before you all laugh at me I love burgundy and its wines some of my greatest wine experiences have been with the wine from burgundy which makes it even sadder that I cannot afford it it is just simply too expensive according to livex you can buy a case of burgundy Village Wine for the same price as a case of bordeaux's second growth which makes looking for Value in burgundy that much harder but I wanted to dig a bit deeper and take a look at Burgundy wines beyond the greatest names that we all love and adore so much and maybe find something that we regular people can afford therefore this might not be surprising to you that I will not be including any of the Grand Cru wines because price wise they are in a totally different League I will also be excluding Chablis though it is burgundy and still delivers great value especially if compared to the rest of the burgundy I would even want to say that it over delivers therefore Chablis deserves a video on its own but before we continue I want to mention that this video is sponsored by Venezia and more on them later [Music] yes burgundy is where Chardonnay and Pinot Noir shine they are the stars and any other technically allowed great Variety in this area will forever be viewed as inferior which is why we can rely on aligota Grape and burgundy to provide a certain value you can find it under the labels burgundy and buzaron this grape is famous for its high piercing acidity and by the way the original blending partner in the Kirk cocktail where its acidity was countered with the sweetness of creme de cassis but here's the thing with global climate change aligote has become more interesting for the winemakers it ripens fully creating a more appealing character flavor-wise while still retaining Lively acidity and more importantly there is better understanding of the alag attack clones now therefore some producers are focusing on alligatory which ripens fully more reliably it tends to produce lower yields than alligator vert and shows more pronounced fruit flavors because of its acidity this great variety certainly offers aging potential showing preserved lemon notes and slightly nutty flavors alligator used to be more widely planted in burgundy and what is interesting is that some producers have expressed their desire to see it aloud in some of the ground Crews with fisan we are in codior area more precisely in kodanui it shares some similarities with javersham bertan though the soils are more alluvial and yet it has always been regarded as the Lesser wine from the burgundy for me it offers Great Value not only at their Premier crew level but especially at Village level wines these wines offer bright fruit a fresh palette and a quite dense structure I don't find them rustic anymore as some books May describe in fact I have noticed that these wines are becoming better with almost every next vintage almost Alpha sound wines you will find in the market are red hence it's Pinot Noir but there are some fisson Blanc made as well today's sponsor is Venezia for Wine aficionados fine wine isn't just a drink it's an investment like Fine Art growing in value over time with Market fluctuations Savvy investors have turned to Wine as a resilient and asset and now Venezia offers an exclusive pre-sale of Premium collections sourced directly from winemakers ahead of its official launch in November Venezia promises transparency in wine investment experience through peace of mind verifying your collection and storage conditions anytime join Venezia today and enjoy zero percent service fees in your first year dive into a transparent wine investment where you will be able to see and Trace each bottle you own the link to the pre-sale collection is in the description below thank you Venezia and cheers to a transparent investment all right with santanae we have entered cut the bone area even though it is just neighboring chassan I have always preferred the red wines from Santana that is not to say that Santana whites are not offering quality and value they certainly are in fact many wines will offer a better price for the same quality when compared to the neighboring but it turns out that Santana actually shares similarities in soils with continuity as these soils have been washed down from the hills through erosion according to Jasper Morris master of wine something I used to be regarded more highly Than The Vineyards of Juan Romani including the LA Romani Conti Vineyard and indeed you will find more Pinot Noir here than Chardonnay in terms of plantings unfortunately I have noticed a significant increase in price for Santana wines but I still think it offers great value the red wines can be quite elegant bright red fruit driven with velvety tenons and Lively acidity it is an area where wines tend to show off more of their fruit rather than strength or cut the bone is another appellation that has been viewed as an underdog over the years the thing is these Vineyards are located higher up in the hillsides between 300 and 500 meters above sea level thus experiencing cooler climate in the past it meant that grapes could not always reach full maturity therefore this area was often associated with plain wines with limited concentration and body however now this is where you reach for freshness and crisp acidity which they deliver even in the hottest vintages with warm growing Seasons becoming more common this area is benefiting because reaching full maturity is not an issue anymore wines from ocot De bone will usually be at the same price as Regional burgundy but this gives you opportunity to explore wines from more prominent producers with Sam veran we are entering makone area located in the southern part of burgundy between Cote de chalones and Beaujolais and I honestly think that makone has so much more to offer than just and its Premier Cruz which have already skyrocketed in price interestingly some wine writers and critics note that few of the Sam Veron communes where and still actually are worthy of pre-fusa name indeed this appellation is actually separated into two parts Vineyards between them here similarly as in Pui fuse Chardonnay is the main gray variety and I truly believe that the best examples of Sam meron can challenge some of the pre-fusai wines and for sure offer better value before we move on I would like to offer one last tip I believe that the value in burgundy lies within wine makers and producers if you are not new to my channel you might already know some of the stories Trust your wine makers chances are great that they will transfer their values onto other lesser or lesser known taruas but the quality will be higher than that from a great Tarawa from a lesser estate trust me I have experienced that a great deal and if you want to learn how Wine's price correlates with its quality make sure to watch this video thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndreyRitenberger [4 likes]: I find Rully, Givry, Savigny Les Beaune, Pernand-Vergelesses, Aloxe-Corton and even Beaune (maybe except of some of the most famous and ambitious Premier Crus, which once might turn into Grand Cru)  quite affordable in comparison to the most prestigious appelations from Cote De Nuits...
  2. @HumbleGnome [3 likes]: I would also add Mercurey to your list as the reds offer a great quality/price/pleasure ratio. I would suggest producers such as Michel Juillot, Domaine MIA and Faiveley if you want something a little more high-end (aged Clos des Myglands is amazing)
Sometimes I wish I had a time machine so that I could go back 30 years to buy good Bourgogne grand cru / premier cru at a reasonable price (it doesn’t help that my favorites are Chambolle-Musigny and Volnay 😅)
  3. @numanuma20 [2 likes]: When I was in Champagne, I was shocked at the prices in France for Burgundy. I could get grand cru  Champagne for half of the price of grand cru Burgundy.
  4. @chemepharmd76 [2 likes]: Great wine info and great 80's metal shirts! 🤘🏻
  5. @jemc6 [2 likes]: Burgundy is the best ❤
  6. @Blair338RUM [1 likes]: For reds I  always go straight to Givry and for whites either Rully or St Romain.
  7. @kimdezelon7166 [1 likes]: Stick with village level, no need for Premiere Cru or Grand Cru.  3:54
  8. @HumbleGnome [1 likes]: I remember having a great Saint-Romain rouge VV 2019 by Vincent Girardin. It was the first wine from Burgundy that I really loved. It was also the experience that got me into wine and made me want to learn and taste more. Unfortunately, it wasn’t really a wine for cellaring so the bottles I have left are only a shadow of that first bottle.
  9. @benpascall4297 [1 likes]: Another shout for Santenay. Had some great wines from this village. Like another commenter, I'd also recommend Mercurey as a less expensive quality option. Marsannay is also another good option, with Sylvian Pataille and Rene Bouvier being two producers who have an excellent quality to price ratio.
  10. @LiveLifeLasting [1 likes]: The world needs more burgundy wine videos! Thanks for your video! Been there three times since last year only as I am fortunate enough to only drive 4.5h from Frankfurt Germany. Agree with your choices. Regarding white I actually prefer chablis over cote de beaune, lucky me. For reds I tend to look at Mercurey but especially for reds there are so many more producers and areas to explore that I haven’t yet 😅
  11. @seminky5341 [1 likes]: I hv only trie white burgundy. I think it full body white. Amazing
  12. @megatrendy1 [1 likes]: Thanks for that nice video! Well one could add also Savigny-les-Beaune and Montagny (white, even as Premier Cru, can be delicious). Rosé de Marsannay can also be nice.
  13. @ricardomiro2517 [1 likes]: For many blue collar Pinot Noir and Chardonnay lovers, including myself, the higher the prices go in Burgundy, the more Sonoma wines are going to be open and rightfully enjoyed.  Plenty of affordable and delicious Chardonnays and Pinot Noirs, without worrying too much about the vintages.  
As you said, trust the producer, in Burgundy and elsewhere, and you will have a greater chance of getting a good deal.
Anybody with money can buy great wines, all the time, the rest of us, have to go...value hunting 🎯
Thank you again for your great service, salud !
  14. @andrewkarl5174 [1 likes]: Santenay whites, the most underrated wines!
  15. @AShiga [1 likes]: I once had a glorious bottle of Hautes Cote de Nuits from Domaine de la Douaix... But I only had this one bottle and never got my hands on another bottle ever again. I also love any reds and whites from Cote Chalonnaise. But my go to region to match the top level Cote de Nuits and Cote de Beaunes is - and  this is really awkward - Dão in Portugal.
  16. @goldfish818 [1 likes]: St. Veran has some beautiful affordable wines... great pick!
  17. @schmup53 [1 likes]: I have two bottles of Santenay that I am saving for the holidays.
  18. @peterburlin8198 [1 likes]: Gawd I also love Burgundy, reds and whites alike, but it feels like prices have doubled just the past 2-3 years. How I wish id stocked up better a few years back, but yeah my storage space aint great and it seemed expensive then too. For reds Id add Maranges, Givry and Monthélie to your list by the way.
  19. @perry3556: Buying good Bourgogne wines for reasonable prices is an art & it will cost you A LOT of time, money & mistakes until you learn how to. Thinking that you just buy reasonably priced Grand Crus will be a guarantee that you you have a good wine is a complete lie. I´ve been extremely disappointed, the secret is to find the smaller producers who´re trying hard to bulid their brand, they often surprised me with both quality & prices. Lately I´ve discovered Dominique Laurent and wow his wines are amazing from Village and up, also quite affordable!
  20. @MikeReeves-d5j: Fantastic work and thanks for your insight 👍
Today I was able to navigate the complex Burgundy 2022 EP release and pick a couple of nice wines at affordable prices.

Moulin a Vent also offers great value.

Cheers

- Tips For Collecting & Investing In Burgundy Wines: Kind: captions Language: en-GB have you got any tips for me on investing and collecting Burgundy's? Burgundy, like we've said, it's a complex region and it's a bit of a minefield. You've got to get the right vintages. You've really got to be great vineyard sites. if you want to lay something down for a long-time it probably needs to be atleast Premier or Grand Cru and then thirdly, good producers. There's some people in Burgundy that have great land, they know they're going to sell it at Grand Cru price, they don't really have to do very much work to make six barrels of wine a year but then there's the serious producers who will make sure that their Grand Cru Burgundy is the most amazing wine and it will last forever. And they're the wines that are going to increase in value Great vineyard, great producer, great vintage and they're the kind of wines that you're going to buy and you're going to buy a lot for them but you sit on them for a long time definitely make sure that they are stored well and don't make sure that they are in a cellar where the temperature goes up and down, make sure its not warm Your corks will dry out, make sure it's humid so all of those sorts of things so if you're going to buy a really top end wine put it in a cellar and leave it for 20 years you'll see some investment come back to it. And what about counterfeit ones I've heard a little bit about that, but can you tell me a bit? Yeah. Counterfeit wines has been a thing which has been increasing over the last few years. There's been quite a famous case recently a guy called Rudy Kurniawan who was over in the states who was making industrial volumes of fake wine the fake wine market is very lucrative to the guy that's doing it because he could take this bottle of wine, he could change the vintage, he can kind of slightly sandpaper the label, he could kind of put a bit of mould on it a bit of dirt on it something like that and then rather than selling it as a as a 2014, he could sell it as you know a 1995 or something like that. The Counterfeit market generally tends to happen with the red wines. It's a clever market for the counterfeiter because he will sell it to collectors who really desperately want that bottle, you know they want that bottle of 1929 Romanee-Conti and if they find out that someone out there that has the bottle, you know they'll be quite blinkered so they'll just think wow I've got the bottle, They'll buy the bottle, they probably won't pay too much attention to it and then they open it for all their friends, obviously their friends are thrilled, because they think the tasting in 1929 Romanee-Conti and then at the end of the day you drink the evidence that there's nothing else remaining. So it's become a really lucrative business that the forgery market. And you just got to be very vigilant about it. I guess it's like things like art, you know, a first edition books, pieces of artwork you know or a Picasso or something like that. You know its all about finding out where it came from. What's made it so lucrative wine forgers is the fact that it's drunk, so it's gone after that, it just becomes a memory. Picasso is going to be hanging on the wall for 50 years and some wine experts is going to come and say that's not right. The wine you get one chance to decide whether it's right or not. And what about buying wine at auction? Buying wine in auction is a you can get some real bargains. You really know what you need to do. You kind of need to be used to that auction market especially if you're going for the big bottles. You don't want to accidentally scratch your nose and spend half a million pounds by mistake But yeah, if you know what you're doing. And again it's good provenance. It's good. It's you know an established auction house with a good reputation then yeah you can get bargains and often if you're looking for private sellers you know people that have either passed away and then selling the celler through someone like Christie's or Sotheby's or someone like that that's often the only way that you're going to get hold of that really old kind of iconic wine is through auction houses. So you mentioned cellars then, can you give me some tips on how to start my own cellar? You want to kind of think about what you want to put in there. So you want to want to mix it with some Grand Cru some Premier Cru some Village and then probably everyday drinking wine is going to be a straight Bourgogne. So you want different levels of wine for different occasions. You want mixture of red, a mixture of white and mixture of Cote De Nuit, Cote de Beaune a mixture Macon, that kind of diversity is good. As regarding storage, you want to be in a place which is dark. You don't want to you want to be a place which is relatively humid, you can kind of do that by getting a bucket full of sand and just make sure you're constantly keeping that sand wet in an enclosed room will keep it relatively humid. You don't want to be in a vibration, so you don't want movement and then you really don't want and probably the most important thing is fluctuations of temperature. So, if you're thinking about putting it in your garage or somewhere like that in wintertime it's going to be right down. it's gonna be down sub-zero sometimes so that wine is gonna get very cold and then you know if you garage has sunlight directly on the walls in summertime, a garage like that might get up quite high and really wine inside a bottle is a liquid and what happens is that liquid as it gets hot, it expands. As it gets cold, it contracts and you've got your cork in the end, what you do end up with if you're a big temperature fluctuations, you have something called thermal pistoning, and basically what happens is when it gets hot pushes the cork out maybe a millimetre or so when it gets very cold it sucks the cork back in, maybe a millimetre again or so with that thermal pistoning, that movement of the cork, what it really does it breaks the seal around the outside of the cork and it allows oxygen to get in, and if it allows oxygen to get in, your wine is to oxidise oxidise and become prematurely aged. and that's one thing that we do when we're buying wine as well. You would always look around the capsule, if you're buying a very old wine. If you saw signs of leakage in a wine dribbling out underneath the capsule or a wine that run across the label, they're all kind of no-no's or warning signs. So, yes, a celler needs to be humid. It needs to be at the even temperature relatively cool temperature and it wants to be out the lights and out of vibration. So if you want to put a little rack underneath your stairs but not for leaving it for 20 years or so. You know in winter you're going to put your central heating on and you boiler is going to spark up and you're going to end up with boiled wines. it depends on the size of the cellar really. And what about the size of the bottles does that make any big difference? Basically the smaller the bottle the more quickly it will age and the bigger the bottle more slowly it will age. So if you've got half bottles they're going to age probably twice as quickly as maybe a third as quickly as bottles. And then if you're going up to magnums and then methuselah's and jeroboam's and the really big imperials those big format, they're going to age very, very slowly it's really the ratio of liquid compared to how much liquid is touching the cork So big formats age over over a long period of time. But then again you wouldn't want to buy a you know an imperial of Grand Cru Burgundy and drink it, you probably wouldn't start drinking that for 30 years. So you've got to think about if I'm buying how much time have I got left. They're great investments, and they're great things you know, if you're kids born and you want to give him something great for his 21st birthday. Big format bottle. You know it is a great is a great present So do the critic scores have much effect on the prices of the wines this days? Probably the effect of the critics is less than it used to be probably 15-20 years ago it had a very significant impact on the price of wine I think less so nowadays, rise of social media and that sort of thing more sort of bloggers and things like that I think people I think people pay less attention to critic scores than they have done in the past. So, there will be some effect but I don't think it's as relevant as it used to be.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joesantamaria5874 [9 likes]: The best way to invest in Burgundy wines is to take the money you would have spent, buy an index fund, then take the resulting fortune and buy already cellared wines directly from the cellar of the producer. Job done. No forgeries, no worries.
  2. @sinclairwhitbourne2090: Leaving the investment bit to one side, I think you really need to do some serious drinking (a dirty job but someone's got to do it) and work out what you really like and then zone in on that. Some will love the muscularity of NsG, some will not. Some will like an accent on perfume and elegance, others the power of Vosne Romanee. Even within those areas, there will be issues around oak treatment, vineyard management (yield and ripeness, for example) etc. from maker to maker and even within a maker's range. 

It also helps to work out why you are going to cellar. Age is a thing in its own right for some, but for me it is a means to an end. I age for balance - time for tannins to soften and resolve, flavours to integrate. I quite like old characters in wine but for me balance is the thing. Others may find they prefer a wine that is still very fresh and fruit forward - so cellaring will be shorter.

It can also be helpful to buy some old bottles at auction of a wine you are thinking of buying to cellar.

Hope that helps a bit.

Buying wine as an investment, I think, is not a great way to make money, though some do well from it. By the time you allow for inflation, no interest payments/dividends and what are commonly quite high transaction costs (auction fee, taxes etc.) I think there are much better ways to make money. I also think wine is for drinking.
  3. @sonshi12nsp: What sort of return can you get  per annum over 20 years?
  4. @andrewyarosh1809: Why?  These wines deserve to be tasted and enjoyed.  Not hoarded. Those that do so are the ones that encourage  the counterfeiters and forgers.

- How to Tell the Difference Between Bordeaux and Burgundy Wines: Kind: captions Language: en finding wines we like is the quest we're on together a lot of people are confused and intimidated by french wines because they don't know what's in the bottle because of that frequently they don't even try french wines we're here to take the mystery out of two of the largest wine regions in the world and they're both in france this will actually be surprisingly simple we'll cover three things about both burgundy and bordeaux regions and their wines number one we'll look at burgundy number two a quick breakdown of bordeaux number three we'll look at white burgundies and bordeaux wines oh oh and and stick around for a quick tip at the end keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear click like subscribe and hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post also make sure that you share this with your friends i'd really appreciate it so like i said earlier burgundy and bordeaux are two french wine regions they make very different wine styles and the reason for this is different grapes varieties are planted in each region primarily because of climate burgundy is further north in france within a cool climate this means the grapes that ripen early do better in this climate like pinot noir meanwhile bordeaux is further south with a warm climate it's on the garonne estuary or river also the atlantic ocean moderates or has an influence on the climate grape varietals that thrive more in heat ripen late and need a longer growing season really do well in this climate i'll get to those grapes in a second okay number one burgundy and its wines now with the exception of an occasional renegade wine producer who breaks french tradition and requirements in burgundy if it's red it's a pinot noir well also i should mention gamay gamay is a grape that comes from beaujolais which is a sub-region of now while this is technically from burgundy on the bottle it will say beaujolais with beaujolais on the bottle you won't confuse gamay with pinot noir now actually you don't see a lot of gametes or beaujolais in the market so i won't even deal with it so if you like pinot noir then burgundy is for you by the way this is a burgundy bottle you see how the shoulders how they're low they are designed that way for a reason this is a bordeaux bottle you see how the shoulders are high they're also there for a reason now actually to get a better handle on what i mean by this you want to check out my video wine bottles the big three there you'll learn more about burgundy and bordeaux bottles and why they're designed the way they are that's actually pretty interesting stuff okay back to burgundy's pinot noirs they're thin skinned and lighter in color and content now when making a peanut noir wine the wine will be lighter in color because the color is extracted from the light skins now what i mean by content is there are flavonoids and tannins that give a wine its structure and flavor tannin is the component of wine that causes your mouth to feel dry or pucker so what you have with a pinot noir is something that is both light in color and low in tannins next to a bordeaux it looks more delicate do you see the difference you can also taste the difference pinot noirs are very flavorful but lighter and more delicate in your mouth now now as we get to number two bordeaux red bordeaux wines are made from a blend of five grapes not necessarily all at one time the three most prevalent are cabernet sauvignon merlot and cabernet franc the other two are petite verdeaux and malbec oh uh i had dinner the other night with some friends we had a petite verdot from their wine collection they didn't even know they had it and were absolutely crazy about it it would have just laid there for who knows how long they probably would have never tried it and the reason is because they didn't know what a petite verdo was somebody had given it to him and it just laid there sorry about that back to bordeaux grapes the cabernet sauvignon brings big tannins but the merlot and cap franc soften the cabernet sauvignon's tannins because they're lower in tannins if you like nice layered flavorful complex reds then bordeaux may be for you actually you can get cabernet sauvignon with merlot in it or you can get merlot with cabernet sauvignon in it i'll have a little bit more on that in the little tip of the end unlike the thin skins of pinot noir the bordeaux grapes are both darker in color and thicker skinned you'll find more color and flavor more tannins in the wines from bordeaux than the wines from burgundy if you're one of those people that pinot noirs are too delicate for you and cabernets are too big for you and overpowering then a bordeaux is an excellent option for you now number three white wines when people talk about burgundy and bordeaux wines they're usually talking about red wines however both regions produce absolutely wonderful dry white wines generally if it's white and comes out of burgundy it's a chardonnay typically they're clean and crisp with very little or no oak influence bordeaux produces beautiful white wines also like his red counterpart typically bordeaux whites are a blend of grapes most frequently it's a savion blanc blended with a simeone so for reds burgundy is pinot noir and bordeaux is a cab merlot blend for white burgundy is chardonnay bordeaux is a mouth-watering sauvignon blanc simeon blend folks it doesn't get much simpler than that oh and if you want a sweet dessert wine bordeaux's got that covered it's got a wine called so turns absolutely delicious well there you have it we just simplified burgundy and bordeaux wines hang in there for the quick tip of the end but first thank you so much for investing the time to watch this video if you've got something out of it let me know in the comments below and don't forget to like and subscribe or ring the little bell to be notified when i post other videos all right are you ready for the quick tip when i first got started trying to understand more about french wines i was a little confused with the whole red bordeaux thing like i mentioned earlier wines from the region are either mostly cabs with some merlot or mostly merlot with some cabernet sauvignon to help myself keep it all straight i came up with a little trick i hope you find it helpful so earlier i mentioned that bordeaux is on a river if you want more merlot because you like lower tannins and it goes better with more food you ask for a right bank bordeaux as time goes by you learn the names of the villages that produced these wines which include franzac castillo and palmeron saint emilion if on the other hand you want more cabernet sauvignon because you like the boldness and more tannins then you ask for the left bank bordeaux as time goes by you learn that those villages to produce those are madok margot groves los angeles and several others actually quite a number of others when i first started at the time i was partial to cabernet sauvignon more than i was merlot i wasn't crazy about big gigantic calves though i'm left-handed and liked cabs more wine with more cabs came from the left bank accordingly my focus was then left bank cad merlot blends you know this is like drinking wines from napa or sonoma napa's wines are completely different than sonoma's wines as you get more into it you realize and learn that napa's howe mountain caneros uh mount veter oakville uh spring mountain and stagsleep taste different than those from the valley floor and sonomas alexander valley dry creek chalk hill pine mountain and russian river valley are different from the actual sonoma valley you know actually when it comes to bordeaux i used to think it was kind of cool to be able to say i want a left bank bordeaux please i i guess i got a little vulnerable there didn't i that's too late it's already recorded by the way when you go to a decent place to get your wine whether online or in a store just ask the person helping you that you want a left bank bordeaux or a right bank if that's what you prefer other point is you'll sound knowledgeable and they'll know exactly what you're talking about and you'll get exactly what your taste buds desire folks thanks for joining me i'm here to help and serve you as we become wine lovers together well there you have make sure you watch these other videos and remember to hit like and subscribe if you got something out of this video until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @AstiWines [3 likes]: What's the best French wine you've ever had?
  2. @mr.garlicman3134 [1 likes]: I had a 2016 Vintage Bernard Magrez Chateau Les Grands Chenes Bordeaux Red Wine and it was amazing
  3. @ThePegasus101 [1 likes]: facinating
  4. @victorlucaslindbloom2450: I’m left handed too.
  5. @vibesforrelaxationbyveroni6838: Thank you so much!!
  6. @LouiseKeller-w2c: je choisirai Bordeaux
  7. @dallas11207: Very understandable!
  8. @alvarogil8954: Great lesson, excellently put, simple and to the point.
  9. @MakeTriathlonGreatAgain: Asti!
  10. @bartp4788: +++
  11. @churchill_cigar: Good beginner’s guide but there is overlap.  Some red burgundies are tannic and full bodied - a chamber 
tin for  example.
  12. @TiffanyHasse: Very educational and clean and simply put
  13. @typerightseesight: I've been a wine drinker for a few years and came across a few bromioli rocco 1 liter swingtop bottles. The giara and the emilia. Believe it or not. This video helped me make a decision! Thanks.
  14. @PrehistoricMeatEater: I was looking for more on taste description, but it just wasn't there. A lot about bottles, color, etc. But I drink for taste.
  15. @Eoin109: What are the best wines to drink that are low in acidity?
  16. @mwbeo4772: thank you for keeping it simple
  17. @A.N.Martin6597: Forgot to mention Carménère in Bordeaux.
  18. @jP-nw7nm: Damn nobody explains it better in all honesty nothing but likes!
  19. @winesoup6907: Nice and clear video about Bordeaux and Burgundy wines! You're right...I'm one of those people that never tried 'Bordeaux' or Burgundy (or even French wines in general) because it felt overwhelming! but the simple explanation on 6:27 was easy to understand! So I guess safe to say I've at least drank Bordeaux 'style' wines and I didn't even know it....I did check your videos after posting this and did not find any videos on Rhone wines...or did I miss it? Thanks again for your videos, I'm gonna start watching them and learn!
  20. @hongkongers9160: Great video! 🥰

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en Do you dream of having your own wine collection, a cellar full of bottles waiting for the perfect occasion? The truth is building one can be [music] confusing, expensive, and even risky if you don't know where to start. But with the right approach, it [music] can also be one of the most rewarding things you'll ever do as a wine lover. I'm Ana Garibaldi, a professional sumier, educator, and diploma WSAT candidate. And today I'll share six essential tips for building your perfect [music] wine collection. Whether you want to drink it, sell it, or even both. Tip number one, know your purpose and budget. Are you collecting just for yourself to drink young wines everyday or [music] do you want to build something long-term? Maybe even Brazil later. If it's just personal enjoyment, focus on wines that are fun and ready to drink within a few years. things like saun bjou ki classicalico [music] albarinho or muscad if you're investing then you'll need highario wines like bordau first gross top baras napault cabernets gran crew burgundy vintage champagnes and always think about your budget how much you're actually ready to invest makes a big difference in what you choose think of your [music] seller as a financial portfolio you need balance different categories different time horizons tip number Two, [music] learn your regions and vintages. This is where the real work begins. Buy yourself a wine atlas. Study the major regions, [music] appilations, the grape varieties, and most importantly, understand vintages. Even a prestigious wine loses value if the vintage [music] is poor. For example, Burgundy 1990 was fantastic. Bordeaux 2019, [music] incredible, but a great chatau in a weak vintage will never age the same way and therefore designed for early consumption. [music] And since vintages can make or break a bottle's value, here is something that will help. I've made a free vintage checklist [music] you can actually download. Think of it as your pocket guide. So whenever you're buying, trading, [music] or even ordering a bottle, you can quickly check if that year was legendary or want to pass on. For collectors, [music] this isn't just useful. It can literally save you money. That said, don't dismiss so-called or vintages. [music] Sometimes they can be opportunities. Bordeaux 2011, for example, was [music] underrated at first, but prices improve because the wines were approachable earlier and cheaper, [music] attracting new buyers. Collectors also care about the name. Often the producer, the chatau or domain [music] can be more important than the vintage itself, and many buyers are chasing trophy wines. For those bottles, people will [music] sometimes close an eye on the actual vintage. Also remember, younger vintages [music] will attract more as they mature. If you have the resources, buying early and sitting on it for 10 or 20 years can really pay off. Collecting [music] wine is collecting knowledge. Tip number three, structure your seller. Here is the simple starter layout for about 50 bottles. 40% short-term wines for [music] everyday drinking. Saloon bju suave alinho an oak chardonnet. [music] 30% midterm wines drinkable after 3 to seven years. Dry German Reelings Austrian Gruner Beler 20 long-term investment wines aging [music] 10 to 30 years. Bordeaux first growth barola from great vintages [music] napa cold cubs shatinov dupabitage ketrrew burgundy don't forget sweet wines sern tookaya [music] stew German alles and vintage champagne these age beautifully and are highly collectible and finally 10% fun wines things [music] like pinotage from South Africa bro from Greece or Lebanon's chatar [music] wines that make your collection more adventurous tip number for nowhere to buy. The safest [music] option is directly from the winery, guaranteed authenticity and provenence. Then you have trusted retailers who get allocations [music] and brokers who can find specific wines for you, though they take little commission. Wine investment companies often buy and premier before bottling, [music] sometimes through exclusive clubs like Screaming Engle in California. [music] There are also wine trading platforms like Leex in London or companies that manage portfolios [music] for both knowledgeable clients and complete beginners. Cal clients, for example, have shown in their presentations [music] with graphs that during crisis like 2008 or the pandemic, fine wine prices on [music] lex fluctuated far less compared to traditional markets. While the S&P index, for instance, dropped by nearly 40%. [music] And of course, auction houses like Sophibisses or Christies, which track provenence carefully. But beware, the fine wine world has huge problem with fraud. If you don't know the source, you could be paying thousands for a fake bottle. Tip number five, storage. Wine is life [music] and it suffers if you don't treat it properly. You need the right temperature, usually around 12 to 14° C [music] with consistent humidity, minimal light, and bottles laying horizontally. If you don't have a natural seller, invest in a [music] good wine fridge. For long-term investment, consider professional storage facilities. Not only do they guarantee perfect conditions, but they also provide [music] official documentation about how your bottles were stored. That gives you credibility [music] when reselling later. Of course, you have to factor in the monthly cost and decide if it's worth it. A practical tip, put tax [music] on the neck of each puzzle if it makes it much easier to find what you are [music] looking for in the fridge or seller. And here is something most collectors forget, taxation. Depending on the country, profits [music] from wine resale can be taxed very differently. In the United States, Australia, and most of Europe, you will generally pay capital gain tax. [music] But in the UK, standard wines are considered wasting assets, things that don't last forever. So profits from reselling are usually [music] tax exempt. There are exceptions, for example, fortified wines, which can age 50 years [music] or even more and might not qualify. In the UK, you can also store bottles in bonded warehouses, specialized facilities with perfect conditions. If you resell wine in [music] bond without ever withdrawing it, you don't pay tax because it was never released for consumption. This makes [music] the UK one of the most tax friendly jurisdictions for wine investors. Tip number six, [music] organize and track everything. This is where most of the beginners fail. Keep records, where and when you bought each bottle, the documents, how it was transported, how it was stored. Collectors and auction houses [music] want this history. It's basically the biography of the wine. Without it, the resale value drops. [music] Use spreadsheets or better seller management apps to track your collection. [music] And don't underestimate this. If you lose track, you can even miss the drinking window where the wine was showing at its [music] best. Apps like Salad Tracker or even Vivina, despite the criticism, can be surprisingly useful to keep everything organized. And here's [music] the bottom line. A wine collection is not built overnight. Start small, buy slowly, and enjoy the process. Because yes, you might make money one day, but more importantly, you'll always have the perfect bottle waiting for the perfect moment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nunyabidness7368 [6 likes]: Every time I start a wine collection it all seems to disappear the next weekend.  I don't know what I'm doing wrong.  😜
  2. @Anya_Gariboldi [5 likes]: 🍷 Get my free vintage checklist to know instantly which years are a hit and which to avoid. Download it here: https://thegrandcruaffair.com/?utm_so...
  3. @petemccutchen3266 [2 likes]: Hey I have some of that wine from Lebanon!  I recently ordered some from Mexico.  It might be terrible, but having wine from Mexico is kind of offbeat.  

Now retired, we buy a lot of wines from wineries we have visited personally and had a positive experience.  Darioush and Montelena in Napa Valley, Torbreck and Penfolds from Southern Australia, and Swinging Gate, Bream Creek, and Sinapius from Tasmania.  They may not be the best wines ever, but they are good wines, and I feel a special connection having visited a winery.   Our next big wine trip is the Rhône in 2026.  I expect that to be a very expensive journey!
  4. @johnbassett9282 [2 likes]: Oh man, that Fleurie looks yummy.   I am at the age where we are consuming the ones we collected years ago and slowly winding down the collection
  5. @fortyofforty5257 [2 likes]: Good tips, condensed into a relatively short video.  I've ended up with many bottles that I could not afford to purchase now (many 1982 Bordeaux, for example), at least not without experiencing a pain in the wallet. 😁 You've done it again, Anya.
  6. @AndreasBergmann-m7c [2 likes]: Chapeau 😉 for sweet: Don't forget Austrian Sweet like Kracher (several 100 points Parker) and Tschida.
  7. @OPX-YMB [1 likes]: Never resell your wine, defeats the goal
  8. @Brewer35 [1 likes]: Excellent information, thank you for bringing this to us.
  9. @PoliteProtest: Fascinating video. I've just downloaded the vintage decoder and I can't wait to try it out the next time I'm choosing wine. Thank you
  10. @OPX-YMB: I say buy every vintage good & bad, provided the producer is stellar!
  11. @OPX-YMB: Give me your top 6 wines, never mind price, 3 white, 3 reds, & include vintages
  12. @SharatSingh-o1w: 😂😂😂😂😂
  13. @lucaswegener2010: Wild that Australia and the Barossa Valley or Margaret River didn’t get a mention
  14. @gregderuiter583: Hi Anya - a bit off topic but I would love your opinion. I have a significant birthday coming up and I adore champagne. I have always wanted to try LR Cristal. It’s £200-250 per bottle and I am willing to splash out but in your opinion is it worth it ? Many thanks
  15. @superdivemaster: Adoro i tuoi orecchini ...
  16. @AnthonyKellett: More gems 👍🏽
  17. @JuanJoseFlores-qi8gn: Wow... You read my mind!!!❤

- 5 BUDGET-FRIENDLY Wines Perfect for Long-Term Cellaring: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnesa from no sediment and today let's talk about five wines that can age beautifully without leaving you broke this video was inspired by one of my recent videos where I tasted a hundred-year-old wine I will leave the link below and many of you commented that you cannot afford to drink aged wines well my 100-year-old boal Madera was definit Ely an extravagant purchase the truth is there are wines that age beautifully yet for some reason they do not get the hype and the good thing is that their prices remain reasonable what is even more exciting is that the regions we are going to explore are not something obscure rare or unknown but let's keep this video our little secret and jump to the wines that you can actually buy with age or buy and seller her without leaving you broke when I first started to think about this topic muscadet was one of the first wines that popped in my mind as a great age-worthy option that will not break the bank in fact many white wines came to my mind and it was actually a white wine that inspired this video so why not start with one muscadet proves that you don't necessarily need elevated alcohol or elevage in Oak barrels for a wine to be be able to withstand test of time these wines have high mouthwatering acidity and are aged on their leaves both of which help them stay fresh and Lively for years some producers even age their musket on leaves for 10 years or more for example domain oor origin made from 70-year-old wines and aged for seven years under the Le I recently found discounted under €20 can you imagine even after after the release these wines can be happily selled in your wine fridge or storage for another 10 years this wine comes from C Grand appalation but there are many more great examples available from better known musar seet main I have mentioned famil Leo in other videos but look also for Pierre luno papon and domain Bon all great value and top quality [Music] producers I simply could not make this video without mentioning Baux now for some of you the initial reaction would be but you promised fair prices and I did the problem with Baux is that it is home to so many epic names that sometimes they can overshadow the actual regular affordable options well-made Bordeaux Reds can easily age for 10 and more years without costing fortune and here is where it gets interesting we are taught to buy Bordeaux early before it is even bottled to get the best prices but in reality classic well-made Crew boura wines from back vintage will not break the bank in fact if you had bought some as an investment adding all that storage cost you might actually lose money but what is true though is that these wines can age and age beautifully I wanted to highlight ChatOn may as a great example but somehow it has gained popularity and a high high price during the last few years however I recently tasted their 2,000 vintage and it was absolutely at its peak that said I also enjoy chat de and chat the lot being from mul L where I have worked for two harvests and if you feel that you can spare a bit more sh cro still offers Great Value but don't forget to explore the roads less traveled like satellite appellations Monon laand as well as from Sak one of my favorite discoveries has been the paj do located closer to the ocean in badan Northern Bordeaux where the maritim influence adds a unique touch another absolute classic that for many of you would not be a surprising choice is rioa the truth is despite constantly releasing some of the highest quality wines the price range remains relatively low even certain labels from some of the top Estates remain quite affordable think of via bosconia from Lopez De Heredia which here in Europe sells for around €25 it is usually released between 5 to 6 years of age and you can still seller it further if you wish to similarly REM yui always delivers high quality and regularly spoils us with releases of back vintages while some of their wines can be quite expensive of course thei Reserva 2016 released at 8 years of age is priced around 20 to30 and for sure can age another eight in your wine storage and these are just well-known loved and established names consider exploring options like bodegas OST Reserva made from high altitude tempano or looking Beyond tempano to garnacha based wines a great example is Navar sotillo maj bendi back vintages you can find for around 20 EUR and more recent vintages you can for sure sell her for another 10 years one of True Values of rioa wines is that they are still released with quite impressive age so it is not uncommon to buy 10-year-old wine directly from this state therefore being truly certain about the cering conditions and quality of the wine we should Savor this luxury while it lasts I suppose it might not not always be the case another quite obvious choice isn't it yet I feel I don't talk about malbeck enough it is such a great great variety while it is part of the Cabernet Family malbeck actually can be very distinct in style in a way we are almost circling back to berau where malbeck was once widely planted before the devastating Frost of 1956 wiped out much of it however since then it has found its principal home in Argentina closer to Sun and thrives there malbe there is responsible for great wines full of color packed with ripe black and blue fruits and what I like the most elegant hints of florals these wines are big and opulent but often maintain a fresh acidity driven core especially when sourced from higher elevation Vineyards one such wine is a malaja Malbec sourced from some of the highest Vineyards in the world in selta Province great tension that will give wine a good selling potential for those who prefer more power AAL farer shines with their single Vineyard malbecks though their Mendoza malbeck is surprisingly affordable I have been lucky enough to taste some of their back vintages and they absolutely did not disappoint the only two risks with malbeck are that it is quite affordable making these wines an easy target for for opening before the bottles have gathered enough dust and they taste amazing when young as well and with this entry we are returning back home Portugal Portugal is a great place to Source wines you can have full bodied and richly textured whites fresh and zesty low alcohol whites fortified wines that can age for decades and beautiful Lively fruit driven Reds that can also be selled today I wanted to Spotlight still red wines of Doo one of the most breathtakingly beautiful wine making regions of Europe without a doubt no one can argue about the quality of it still red wines anymore just look at the decer world wine Awards 2024 and you have 47 daugh red wines scored 90 points and higher these are platinums Golds and silver we are talking about now I'm not saying that all of these wines are meant for long-term seling some are just meant to be enjoyed Young And while still full of fruit however Kint NOA not to be confused with Kint Don noal makes wines that can age beautifully still holding fruit and structure after 10 to 15 years neport as a producer is always great choice offering both high quality and availability you can look for more affordable labels like redoma or Splurge for higher end labels like charm I also want to highlight Kint do castellaras their Reserva priced at under €20 is packed with energy needed to spend that time in the sellers for decade offering Great Value and joy for years to come let me know in the comments what are your great value wines that can age and while you are creating your wine collection make sure to watch my other video about five essential wine storage tips

  Top Comments:
  1. @dangareau3143 [2 likes]: Agree 100% with Rioja. Have had my fare share of Muga and I can tell you almost have to age them to get the best out of it. Fabulous wines and easily affordable. Great video once again.
  2. @TheBaseCase [2 likes]: 2005 Mollydooker The Boxer and Two Left Feet, 2007 Ruffino Modus.
  3. @brettk9316 [1 likes]: Great video! Very insightful! OOHHHH and  ROCK ON!
  4. @lawrencemiller8198 [1 likes]: I really like your wine videos 😊
  5. @og-og8vf [1 likes]: Thank you so much for Al you knowledge it is always appreciated. I also love your dog!!! 🙏❤️🐶
  6. @rorygoodden3845 [1 likes]: So much fun watching your show, thank you, nice educational content 🇨🇦🍷
  7. @carlcadregari7768 [1 likes]: No Chenin 😢😢😢.
  8. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: I’ve been over looking Portugal lately.... I need to try Malbec again some of the less intense... Love your vids!
  9. @RogerB-is-me [1 likes]: appreciate the budget friendly recommendations.... with the price of everything these days some 'value' priced wines are great to hear about.
  10. @tommasotrognacara5354 [1 likes]: Montefalco Sagrantino (or Montefalco area in general) is quite overlooked and still affordable. Only warning, be a tannins lover (as in the best Italian tradition)😅
  11. @harlanabraham7772 [1 likes]: Not a fan of French wine.  Malbec from Argentina is pretty good.  Mostly like Italian wine.  Like dry wine.
  12. @sergiopaulino859 [1 likes]: Wine can age Douro Quinta do Vale Meão .
  13. @MrMmmooose [1 likes]: I'd like to add my endorsement to Moulis, as well.  And, in particular, I love Poujeaux, which I can consistently find for $30.  And which ages well for decades.
  14. @WarmanKadex: ada yang merek Bartel
  15. @WarmanKadex: akohol nya berapa saes
  16. @PabloMaturana-l6v: No Chilean wines? Yeah you surely are a wine expert, this is a bias review
  17. @garganega: In the wine industry we say just drink it. We'll make more.
  18. @AndreyRitenberger: I think, today it is still possible to find an Amarone for 40 Euro, which can age for a quite long period of time...
  19. @אסףבר-ל7ר: Japan by Food 😊 channel
  20. @satendrayadav4076: You are beautiful but daru peena chod do😂😂

- How to Choose Good Wine (Every Time): Kind: captions Language: en Good day avenous adventurers and welcome back&nbsp; to Bottleshock. I'm Brendan. Let's be honest,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've all been there. You walk into a bottle&nbsp; shop, you're just there for a quick look and bam,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're hit with the wall of wine. Hundreds,&nbsp; maybe thousands of bottles staring back at you.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a literal wall of anxiety. You've&nbsp; got French names you can't pronounce,&nbsp;&nbsp; grapes you've never even heard of, and the sinking&nbsp; feeling that you are about to spend 25 bucks on&nbsp;&nbsp; something that you'll hate. Well, today that ends.&nbsp; We're tearing down that wall. This isn't about&nbsp;&nbsp; memorizing a thousand facts. This is your new&nbsp; foolproof battle plan for walking into any wine&nbsp;&nbsp; store and walking out with a bottle that you're&nbsp; genuinely excited to drink. No more guesswork.&nbsp;&nbsp; No more paralysis by analysis. This is how you&nbsp; choose a good bottle of wine. Let's get into it. Now, first things first, let's get one crucial&nbsp; thing straight. The definition of a good wine is&nbsp;&nbsp; a wine you like to drink. That's it. Forget about&nbsp; the 95 point scores. Forget what some fancy critic&nbsp;&nbsp; said and forget about the price tag. The goal is&nbsp; to find what makes your taste buds happy and walk&nbsp;&nbsp; out of that place feeling good about a lighter&nbsp; hit pocket. So, our whole mission is to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick bottles that have a higher chance&nbsp; of being your new favorite. Are you ready for&nbsp;&nbsp; the plan? It's a simple three-step strategy. Step&nbsp; one, know your mission and your money. Before you&nbsp;&nbsp; even look at a bottle, ask yourself two questions.&nbsp; One, what's the mission? Are you grabbing a cheap&nbsp;&nbsp; and cheerful bottle for a Tuesday night pizza on&nbsp; the couch? Or are you going to a dinner party and&nbsp;&nbsp; want something to share? Or are you trying to&nbsp; impress the new in-laws on a special occasion?&nbsp;&nbsp; The mission dictates everything. It immediately&nbsp; answers question number two. What is your budget?&nbsp;&nbsp; Be honest with yourself. There are fantastic&nbsp; wines at 20 bucks and there's fantastic wine&nbsp;&nbsp; at 80 bucks. Knowing that you're on a pizza&nbsp; night mission means that you can confidently&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on the $15 to $25 price range and ignore&nbsp; most of the fancy stuff. Mission and money first.&nbsp;&nbsp; That alone clears about 80% of the noise. Step&nbsp; two, think in vibes, not just variety. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know your mission and you know your budget.&nbsp; Now, what kind of style of vibe are you feeling?&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of getting hung up on, do I want a truso&nbsp; or do I want a tempano? Think in broader, simpler&nbsp;&nbsp; terms like for reds. Are you in the mood for light&nbsp; and juicy? Think pino or gamma. These are vibrant,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresh, and super versatile with food. Or do you&nbsp; want big and bold? This is your classic Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cabernet, Sevenon, or Malbec, which is a total&nbsp; cheat code by the way. Malbeck. Seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's rich, it's powerful, and a perfect match&nbsp; for a steak or a hardy meal. For whites,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you want? Do you want crisp and zesty?&nbsp; You're looking for Savonol Blanc Rezling or&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinegrigio. These are your mouthwatering,&nbsp; refreshing sort of just squeezed a lemon&nbsp;&nbsp; type wines. Or do you want rich and creamy?&nbsp; This is the world of oak Chardonnay or Vion,&nbsp;&nbsp; fullerbodied with flavors of butter, vanilla, and&nbsp; baked apple. Just having one of those, I guess,&nbsp;&nbsp; four vibes in your head is a massive advantage.&nbsp; It gives you a clear target to hunt for. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point, you're pretty much 90% of the way.&nbsp; So, on to step three, a quick label recon. You've&nbsp;&nbsp; got your mission, you got your budget, and you got&nbsp; your vibe. Now, you're looking at the bottles. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't need to read every word. Seriously, just do&nbsp; a quick 10-second recon. And I mean literally 10&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds. And the biggest clue on the label,&nbsp; the region. Here's a simple cheat code. Hot&nbsp;&nbsp; places tend to make ripe, bold, powerful wines.&nbsp; And cool places tend to make lighter, zippier,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresher wines. Think about it like a Shiraz&nbsp; from our warmer climate, Barasa Valley here&nbsp;&nbsp; in Australia. It's going to be big. It's going to&nbsp; be a bold fruit bomb likely. There are exceptions&nbsp;&nbsp; to this rule. A sav from the cool Lir Valley in&nbsp; France. It'll be zesty, mineral driven, and crisp.&nbsp;&nbsp; This one clue can tell you so much about the style&nbsp; in the bottle, but also to help you optimize. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to fine-tune your choice, you can&nbsp; actually mix and match. If you want Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you don't want it to be that heavy, try Ron&nbsp; Valley in France or South Africa. We love you,&nbsp;&nbsp; South Africa. Okay, you've done the steps, but&nbsp; you're still stuck between two bottles. It's time&nbsp;&nbsp; to deploy the secret weapon. My number one can't&nbsp; fail ultimate hack for choosing a good wine. Talk&nbsp;&nbsp; to the bottle shop staff. Seriously, these people&nbsp; taste wine and talk about wine all day. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; likely your only bottle of wine that you're&nbsp; buying for the week, but this is their 100th&nbsp;&nbsp; for the day. They are your greatest resource.&nbsp; Don't be intimidated. Just use the information&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've already gathered. Walk up and say,&nbsp; "Hey, I'm looking for a crisp and zesty white&nbsp;&nbsp; wine for a seafood dinner around about the 25 buck&nbsp; mark. I usually like Savon Blanc, but want to try&nbsp;&nbsp; something different. What can you recommend?"&nbsp; Boom. You've just given them everything they&nbsp;&nbsp; need to find you the perfect bottle. and you sound&nbsp; like you know what you want and you get an expert&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendation. It is a total win-win. And that's&nbsp; the plan. It's that simple. One, know your mission&nbsp;&nbsp; and your money. Two, pick the vibe. Three, do&nbsp; some quick label recon. And if all else fails,&nbsp;&nbsp; use your secret open. Talk to the staff. The&nbsp; more you do it, the easier it gets. Now, pro tip,&nbsp;&nbsp; snap a photo of the label of the wines you love&nbsp; and the ones that you hate. That's how you build&nbsp;&nbsp; your own taste profile. The best way to learn&nbsp; about wine isn't by reading about it. It's by&nbsp;&nbsp; literally drinking it. So get out there, start&nbsp; exploring, and if you really want to turn it up,&nbsp;&nbsp; join our Discord and post the wines that you like&nbsp; on there. You will find an amazing community of&nbsp;&nbsp; people willing to help you expand your choices.&nbsp; And if this helped you conquer the wall of wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; give this video a huge like and subscribe for&nbsp; more tips. And please join our amazing community&nbsp;&nbsp; on Discord and tell us what awesome bottle you&nbsp; discovered this week. Link below. Cheers. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @grzegorzmajewski. [2 likes]: I've been enjoying wine for almost 25 years and always used the same method - If the picture on the label makes me smile, i reach for the bottle. It never failed me.
  2. @kuppyify [1 likes]: Super solid framework, thanks for sharing.
  3. @kauymatty841 [1 likes]: Love the video. Completely agree. I think wine should be a fun thing that anyone can and should enjoy! Like some art, I feel it's sometimes shrouded in mystery or gate kept a bit by people who are also learning. Will be sharing this with my friends!
  4. @AugushteSteiff [1 likes]: I recommend using an app - just take a picture of the lable and you get a review as well as a recommendation if it fits ti wines you liked before. For me it works everywhere. Abroad, Supermarkets and also Restaurants. Also if you dont know the specifics of a certain region or country.
  5. @cdeford2: Only the last point will give a newb a clue what to buy.
  6. @MerlinMoorlo: I cant find good wine under 30 bucks. Its impossible. Horrible taste. Just horrible.
  7. @estuchedepeluche2212: What never fails to me is going to Trader Joe’s in the US of A
  8. @AdamTulodziecki: Dobre jest tanie wino, bo jest dobre i tanie
  9. @bartonseagrave9605: I can turn wine into water hic,,,,,,
  10. @richardmore943: You forgot the key hack.  Bottle weight and punt depth.  If the winemaker can convince the marketing people that his wine deserves a decent bottle, buy it.  And avoid garish attention grabbing labels
  11. @RyuandKen01: You're doing the Lord's work! 
Blessed are the cheesemakers (winemakers)...
  12. @urbanevintner105: My rule of thumb in any cellar; pick the dustiest bottle. The one that's been there the longest.
  13. @sbIvanov: Can yuo make that vibe cheat sheet so I can print it and put that in my wallet + the  lable codes :)
  14. @graemefenwick6925: My tip, avoid fancy labels.  Anything that needs a full colour parrot or butterfly to sell it, is not great wine.
  15. @ekhaatgooglefacebooken: We love you too, Australia!
  16. @MadeleineMontague: Alas! I live in Sweden, with state-owned liquor stores and a clientele that is as a babe in arms when it comes to wine. It happens all too often that liquor store staff do not know wines here. I was recommended a Rinuite in one store ("it's very popular") when I asked for a light, nuanced, dry red. I'll just have to learn myself, dammit.
  17. @jasonkrick1614: There is no such thing as ‘good wine’. 

What you may like. Someone else may loathe. 

Non wine example?  I absolutely hate figs. The taste, texture, flavor. Everything about it. My wife? Loves them.
  18. @glenbelson5485: Buy from Vinmofo. Great prices, choices and have never been disappointed. Forget Dan's etc.
  19. @GR-qz8fx: cool, so to implement this, i need to know what grape varietals comprise the "four vibes" and i need to have deep geographical knowledge of wine producing regions wrt temperature conditions ("hot" countries can have cold microclimates and vice versa). it's so simple!
  20. @DavidMcCluskey-o5j: Pointed, brief and informative and a great help. Thank you.

- 5 Napa Valley Wineries You NEED to try: Kind: captions Language: en for episode 3 of our California bucket list series we're in the Napa Valley trying some of their world famous wine cheers we're trying wine right out of the barrel of course this is by no means a complete guide to the Napa Valley but I wanted to share some of my favorite wineries that I've been to over the years so that you could see where to start when beginning your Napa Valley trip are you tired of wine tasting in Napa yet I definitely can't drink as much water as I used to yeah but it's been really fun you can see the other videos in the California bucket list Series in the description and let's jump into episode 3 wine tasting in Napa with five of my favorite wineries I guess I should note a few things before we start one this isn't sponsor I paid for all of these two Napa is very expensive so know that going in and three we did this over multiple days so you don't want to do this much wine tasting in one day alright now on to the video we started our Napa Valley Journey with a visit to Visa Tui this is probably the most visited Winery in the Napa Valley and it's easy to see why as the people here are great and the property is beautiful to explore plus if you're traveling with kids they were very family friendly when we went first wine tasting experience in the Napa Valley only two and a half years old this Winery also has a great history it started when the satuis immigrated to San Francisco in 1882. they opened a winery a few years later that was eventually shut down during prohibition however in 1976 the great grandson reopened the winery in the Napa Valley and established Visa Tui again since then it's become a Napa Valley staple and a great place for wine tasting one of the highlights here for us was the exceptionally tasty Port that they had plus they had a few different types of grape juice that the kids could taste if you're hungry they also have a Famous Deli here with over 200 different types of cheeses and many different sandwich options you can take the food and the wine walk around the property sit at the picnic tables and look at the Sheep the cool property good ones there's sheep for the children to look at very friendly friendly definitely a good stop for our second Winery we're headed North toward Calistoga to visit Castello de Amorosa also known as The Castle Winery of Napa Valley here's our second Napa Valley Winery and I have to admit this is a pretty cool place to explore I've probably been here four times over the last decade but I always love coming back whenever I'm in Napa and I always love bringing people who haven't experienced it before to see this place I didn't know until after I shot this video that this spot is actually owned by Visa Tui as well so its history follows the history I shared earlier construction on the castle began in 1994 and it took over 15 years to complete the castle has over 107 rooms with four underground levels and four above ground levels it's about as authentic as a modern Castle can be using old materials that were shipped over from Europe and including a moat a drawbridge and even defense Towers with the cheapest wine tasting package you can tour the upper part self-guided but with one of the more expensive options you can actually go down into the wine cellars and taste Underground you have the opportunity and can afford it I highly recommend taking that tour as it's pretty incredible to see the castle from underneath it's a pit of despair for anyone who doesn't buy wine tension to detail is staggering here and it feels like you're in a 13th century Castle there's rooms that are lit with Candlelight rooms that look like they haven't been opened in over a hundred years and there's even a medieval torture chamber is this the chair that we get to do our wine tasting in the tour then ends with the tasting at a beautiful underground room finished wine tasting number two in Napa what'd you think it was awesome super cool it is a really fun tour and they have good wines too so definitely see it also don't forget to climb the tower before you leave of course after the tour you can go explore some of the above ground rooms that you may have missed climbing the tower is definitely my favorite part though because you get some great views over the valley you gotta do it once foreign Winery number three Behringer with only about a seven minute drive from the castle our next Winery was Behringer which was the second oldest Winery in the Napa Valley this is the one I had never been to before this video but I really wanted to tour it because the property is so historic Behringer has 146 years of history and they were the first Winery in Napa Valley to offer a public tour in 1934. we did the tasting that included a tour of the Old Winery which took us into the caves the caves here are incredibly cool as they were hand dug and they look much different than what you're used to seeing one of the things I liked most about it is that they gave you wine along the tour so you could have something to drink while you were hearing about its history I love that I'm just getting more wine to drink while I'm touring this is nice it's really impressive to see some of the old photos and Incredibly old bottles from behringer's history he looks like you know what you're doing Kelly's pretend like I knew it [Music] you can walk around the property and go down and see the historic house there are a few tastings that take place in the house but that wasn't one of the tours that we did for us we just walked around the part of the house that was accessible and checked out all of its beautiful antiques in stained glass this is our fourth and probably final Winery in Nava frogs leap for our next Winery we headed over to frog sleep which is in Rutherford on the Silverado Trail this was another one that came highly recommended and that I had never been to before they even got a little snack for us tasting we were greeted with sweet potato chips and goat cheese coloring books for the kids and even some blankets since it was a little cold in the early Napa morning this is more of a traditional tasting with five different pores seated at a table but overlooking the beautiful property after finishing the tasting you can walk around the property see the big chicken coop they have in the back or just explore the beautiful gardens we visited in the spring so there's a lot of pretty yellow flowers around for our last Winery in this video we wanted to show you something that was easily approachable if you were staying in Napa City and didn't want to go into the valley for this one we headed to a personal favorite of mine which is Jam sellers I've been here a couple times over the years and I always love the people and the atmosphere here they have guitars on the walls you can pick from hundreds of different vinyls for them to play while you're there and they often have concerts on the weekends even if you don't think you like Chardonnay be sure to try it here the butter Chardonnay is pretty hard to beat that was the last of our tasting experiences in Napa and that's a great approachable one especially if you're new to Wine they make some really good wine there the most chill probably my favorite so we're doing this bucket list video with us let us know what other California buckets items you want to see in the comments and we will see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelalan1270 [13 likes]: I live in Sonoma and know the area well. Napa is a total ripoff catering to tourists. Tastings average $25-$60 for a few sips of wines. Then they push you to spend another $20+ for a "cheese pairing." And forget free tours, that's extra too.  The wineries in this video are nothing special, just pretty buildings. Sonoma is more laid back but too pricey also.
  2. @mukkucha [2 likes]: Price ???
  3. @TrethChunh-u1q1y [1 likes]: I really enjoyed this video, the content was well-presented and I appreciate the detailed info on each winery. But honestly, I feel like there are some hidden gems in Napa Valley that didn't make the cut here. Sometimes the most well-known places aren’t always the best in terms of quality and experience. Curious to hear what others think!
  4. @miriammitchell9677 [1 likes]: Thank you once again Josh!!! Love, Love this adventure🤗 Me and my retired Air Force Vets took the Napa Valley Wine Train tour. Afterwards of course we stopped at V Sattui and Beringer. All were breathtaking 🍷 Thank uuu
  5. @sheilabee4948 [1 likes]: Please note most wineries dont allow children
  6. @debbiel7659 [1 likes]: Thank you Josh and Amy SO good to see you with Pops on the live stream! Can not wait for the New videos!!
  7. @JohnSimpson-r5d: ‘First time to Napa:
We went to the Castle. It was amazing. The outside courtyard was a superb venue.
  8. @ninjaundermyskin: Underrated is the culinary institute. They have a great wine tour, and amazing food. Best pork chop I've ever had, best scallops I've ever had.
  9. @Jane-gv3cn: Wineries should not be for kids. Nobody there wants to see those🥴
  10. @robertwalegir8677: A long time ago, I was a senior analyst for the Napa Valley wine, growers association thanks for your video, but there’s probably 100 more wineries a lot better than the one‘s you chose the only one people should consider to put it in your terms is the castle
  11. @hikernik: Please check winery website before going. Things must have changed for the past year or two, most of them are not kids friendly anymore.
  12. @egbuhnlesrois6731: And, Pet Friendly 🐩🦮🐈🐇🐿️🦡
  13. @wesleygraham9967: Have only been once outside of a wedding I was in (so didn’t get to do any wandering). Went Harlan, Promontory, Lakoya, Cardinal, Fairchild, Barnett. All were unbelievable. Had to be scheduled ahead and no one else was on site at each except for at Barnett for their member harvest party (which was a ton of fun). I’d recommend them all highly.
  14. @matthewandrew: Love wine
  15. @joskocatipovic706: Boycott Trump's wine!
  16. @dorseykindler9544: Lola up in Calistoga is a favorite of mine. Same for the Vintners Collective and Quilt & Co. down in Napa.
  17. @grif13: Thank you. Very nice.
  18. @undergroundtraveler: Would love if you guys included estimated price!
  19. @maniyazhagan1983: ❤❤
  20. @hetashah3999: hey!!! i saw your all videos and they are awesome. I had one question - we are thinking to do west coast alongwith the iconic national parks. Do you think you it's doable?

- Planning a Trip to NAPA VALLEY: 10 Wine Travel Tips!: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to be giving&nbsp; you my top 10 tips to maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyment during your Napa trip and make&nbsp; sure that it goes as smoothly as possible.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know that many of you are heading out to wine&nbsp; country in the near future or making plans to&nbsp;&nbsp; do so already and i've been there a number of&nbsp; times and learned a lot of lessons along the way&nbsp;&nbsp; and so now i'm going to be sharing my top 10 tips&nbsp; with you. My first recommendation is to stay in&nbsp;&nbsp; a central location such as yountville or saint&nbsp; helena. I know there are many good hotel options&nbsp;&nbsp; downtown and i've enjoyed those hotels as well&nbsp; but unless you're going to be doing most of your&nbsp;&nbsp; tasting close to downtown such as in carneros&nbsp; or stags leap, you could easily spend a great&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of your time on the road from downtown&nbsp; napa to calistoga. it's 45 minutes one direction&nbsp;&nbsp; if there's no traffic and so if you're going&nbsp; to be tasting in st helena and calistoga and&nbsp;&nbsp; eating dinner in yountville it's definitely much&nbsp; more convenient to stay in a central location.&nbsp;&nbsp; my second tip to maximize your enjoyment during&nbsp; your napa trip is to not try to do too much. I&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's tempting to try to visit as many places&nbsp; as possible and squeeze in as many visits as you&nbsp;&nbsp; can including a lot of tasting rooms and drop-in&nbsp; visits, but i definitely don't recommend that. I&nbsp;&nbsp; found that it works best to focus on quality&nbsp; over quantity and i do this personally by&nbsp;&nbsp; having one visit in the morning and then two&nbsp; visits in the afternoon. I tend to prefer the&nbsp;&nbsp; special experiences such as library tastings&nbsp; or other visits with someone who can tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of information about the production of the&nbsp; wine give you a tour of the winemaking facilities&nbsp;&nbsp; things of that nature i've even attended a couple&nbsp; really interesting tastings where you can do&nbsp;&nbsp; things like try to create your own blend from&nbsp; various components such as cabernet sauvignon,&nbsp;&nbsp; merlot, petit verdot and so on. so i found those&nbsp; to be a much better use of my time than trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; see how many tasting rooms i can visit in one&nbsp; single day. this is especially true because&nbsp;&nbsp; the visits take longer than you think and driving&nbsp; around from place to place also takes much longer&nbsp;&nbsp; than you think especially if traffic is busy.&nbsp; and so it's definitely important not to try&nbsp;&nbsp; to cram too much into a single day. My third tip&nbsp; to maximize your enjoyment during your napa trip&nbsp;&nbsp; is to cluster your appointments geographically,.&nbsp; This is absolutely crucial primarily for the&nbsp;&nbsp; reasons that i've already mentioned about how&nbsp; far it is from one part of napa to the other.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so what i like to do is i will schedule one&nbsp; day for example when i'll be on howell mountain,&nbsp;&nbsp; another day when i'm in the valley and i'm going&nbsp; to oakville and rutherford and kind of in that&nbsp;&nbsp; central location. maybe do another day where we&nbsp; are closer to downtown and you do stags leap and&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps carneros. you could do another day where&nbsp; in saint helena and maybe go up to spring mountain&nbsp;&nbsp; after that in the afternoon. this works great and&nbsp; it helps to make sure that you can avoid wasting&nbsp;&nbsp; time driving back and forth. For those of you who&nbsp; are not used to drinking robust red wines like&nbsp;&nbsp; cabernet sauvignon from napa in the morning one&nbsp; thing i found works well when i'm with people who&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't used to that is to do the sparkling wine&nbsp; tastings in the morning. it's always much easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to enjoy sparkling wines before noon than it is a&nbsp; heavy red wine and there's a couple great options&nbsp;&nbsp; like shramsberg that i enjoy very much. shramsberg&nbsp; is a particularly good option because you can&nbsp;&nbsp; actually get a tour of the production facilities&nbsp; and learn how they make their sparkling wine and&nbsp;&nbsp; so i've enjoyed that one quite a bit. My fifth tip&nbsp; to enjoy your napa experience is to start planning&nbsp;&nbsp; early especially now when all the wineries are not&nbsp; open or at full capacity it's important that you&nbsp;&nbsp; get your reservations in early because there's&nbsp; fewer places open and there's much more demand&nbsp;&nbsp; for those appointments. also there's a lot of&nbsp; pent-up demand generally and a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be flooding back to napa especially&nbsp; during the summer and then the fall during harvest&nbsp;&nbsp; which is always a very popular peak time to visit&nbsp; napa. i also recommend going during the off season&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's always easier to get appointments&nbsp; when there's not as many people around and what&nbsp;&nbsp; this means is that december january february and&nbsp; march are all great months to visit. if you do&nbsp;&nbsp; go during a busier season i would recommend going&nbsp; during the week rather than the weekend because on&nbsp;&nbsp; the weekend you get a lot of people who are in san&nbsp; francisco and other places within driving distance&nbsp;&nbsp; who will visit just for the weekend. My sixth&nbsp; tip to enjoy your napa experience is be sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; drink plenty of water and buy a case of water to&nbsp; keep in the car with you so you can drink it all&nbsp;&nbsp; day long and stay hydrated. another thing i found&nbsp; to be useful is that i'll skip wine at lunch. and&nbsp;&nbsp; so with one appointment in the morning and more&nbsp; in the afternoon and most of the time dinners as&nbsp;&nbsp; well i found that that allows me to rehydrate and&nbsp; make sure that i'm ready to go in the afternoon.&nbsp;&nbsp; my seventh tip for enjoying your napa experience&nbsp; is to keep a list of about three or four&nbsp;&nbsp; tasting rooms handy to understand the general&nbsp; location in which each of those are located.&nbsp;&nbsp; that way if you do get a break in your schedule&nbsp; you can make it over to one of these tasting&nbsp;&nbsp; rooms that are located nearby. i found that&nbsp; works extremely well also. tip number eight&nbsp;&nbsp; is to be careful about signing up for too&nbsp; many wine clubs and mailing lists. i can&nbsp;&nbsp; almost guarantee that during every visit if the&nbsp; people who are helping you are doing their jobs&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to be hearing a presentation or&nbsp; give them a form at least to review that will&nbsp;&nbsp; allow you to sign up for either a mailing list&nbsp; or a wine club. what i like to do is collect&nbsp;&nbsp; those and then wait until the end of the trip&nbsp; after you have more context and you can consider&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the places that you visited throughout the&nbsp; entire trip and then make some informed decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; about a couple of them. i know a lot of people&nbsp; who have gotten carried away with that and then&nbsp;&nbsp; they end up getting pummeled with recurring&nbsp; shipments for the months and years to follow.&nbsp;&nbsp; my ninth tip for enjoying your napa experience is&nbsp; to consider the time zone. certainly for those of&nbsp;&nbsp; you who are in the central time zone or on the&nbsp; east coast there's a big huge difference in time&nbsp;&nbsp; zone with pacific time. typically when i'm there&nbsp; i end up going to bed early and then waking up&nbsp;&nbsp; very early as well. i often in fact just stand&nbsp; my same schedule - probably asleep by 10 and up&nbsp;&nbsp; by maybe 5 or 6 a.m. but this works well because&nbsp; you can actually clear out a lot of things in the&nbsp;&nbsp; morning and get a workout in before you start&nbsp; your tastings. even if you do a morning tasting&nbsp;&nbsp; it also means however that you should be making&nbsp; your dinner reservations early on rather than&nbsp;&nbsp; during prime time. so i oftentimes make dinner&nbsp; reservations around six o'clock this also works&nbsp;&nbsp; well because those reservations are easier to come&nbsp; by and so it works pretty well if you're on the&nbsp;&nbsp; east coast in the central time zone to book those&nbsp; six o'clock dinner reservations. i definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't take the nine o'clock reservation if&nbsp; you're from the east coast you could have a very&nbsp;&nbsp; very late night. My last tip is to make sure you&nbsp; take some down time and soak it all in don't be&nbsp;&nbsp; in such a hurry to rush from place to place and&nbsp; reservation to reservation that you don't just&nbsp;&nbsp; relax and enjoy it i've often found that one good&nbsp; way to do this is to just grab a bottle of wine or&nbsp;&nbsp; two and then sit down with your friends and enjoy&nbsp; it at the hotel rather than doing exclusively&nbsp;&nbsp; tastings. i hope you enjoyed this video if you&nbsp; did please smash that like button and subscribe to&nbsp;&nbsp; my channel so you don't miss the next one i come&nbsp; out with weekly wine videos until then drink well

  Top Comments:
  1. @melissamlarsson1443 [1 likes]: This is so wonderful!
I like the planning tips you recommend in this video like making reservations and researching which wineries you want to visit in Napa Valley! A lot of times you don’t have the time to see and taste everything. Be sure and determine exactly how you want to spend your time. Now, I'll try to put your advices to practice, and believe it will help me! I love this! John, thank you for taking the time to put this together!
  2. @guitar911rock [1 likes]: if i stay in middle of napa can I take ubers every vineyard? Also how did you book the library tastings?
  3. @jonathanwilliams1974 [1 likes]: Hey thanks for the heads up on Last Bottle!!  Just got in on the Beringer Cabernet Sauvignon Steinhauer Vineyard Howell Mountain Napa Valley 2017 for $69!!! ($170 on Beringer's website). Heck of a find! Free shipping when you buy 2.
  4. @jonathanwilliams1974 [1 likes]: My wife and I just took a trip in March.  She’s a teacher so it was her spring break. It was pretty dead so we were able to pretty much get in anywhere. The weather was nice and cool. Only bummer is the vines were still pruned back so you don’t get that full “wine country” scenery, but it’s still beautiful. Hotel prices are also way cheaper this time of year. We stayed in Napa, but I see your point in staying central.  But the nice thing about Napa is there’s a little bit of nightlife. The rest of the valley is pretty sleepy in the evening. We thoroughly enjoyed the Oxbow area. I’m also a huge craft beer nerd so there’s a lot of that down there as well. Fieldworks brewing is fantastic. Also there’s an awesome bar called The Fink with live music and cool speakeasy vibes. Nice place to unwind after a long day.
  5. @ry2yb [1 likes]: Thanks!
  6. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Tip #8 could be toxic.
  7. @hxl6162 [1 likes]: We've been near by Santa Maria, Ca, it was very nice indeed.
  8. @nikebeleef [1 likes]: are you drinking and driving? Or how are you tackling this aspect?
  9. @jimdandy6452 [1 likes]: Great tips! I remember I had a full day I'm Napa valley during my 1st visit and we visited 6 wineries that day - needless to say we were pretty well pickled by the end of the day
  10. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: We are going to Napa together for infotaining trip….Information + Entertaining …. I thought this is an Indian killing English as language
  11. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: I was told by some wineries ( Harlan and Spottswood) they harvested fruit few days prior to fires. Should I trust and buy 2020 allocation?
  12. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: I hate signing up for wine clubs…. I got carried away and signed up every place we went …. I had to cancel all of them after I got sober….
  13. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Even though I am a veteran of Napa I did too much last visit and booked my self 4 tastings and a dinner…..we had to end our dinner at 3 rd course and leave… My wife and I got drunk! I should have watched your video before we went there. Do you have any suggestions regarding 2020 Napa wines? I am afraid of smoke affecting wines!
  14. @sanjaypatelmd4669 [1 likes]: Do you have Bordeaux travel tips? I am visiting June July for 20 days!
  15. @couloir1 [1 likes]: I live driving distance to Napa and all the tips were spot on.
  16. @aaronpataki8378 [1 likes]: Which less crowded wineries do you recommend that you don't need a reservation for?
  17. @chrisginoc [1 likes]: Best tip: Stay away from places like Beringer, The Prisoner Wine Club, Kendall-Jackson, etc
  18. @christopherkeller5263 [1 likes]: John, that was really useful—I was in SF for school with lots of Napa trips, and I really like the thought you’ve put into this.  Especially the running up and down from Napa to Calistoga, I think I make that mistake every trip.  Also love the 3 wineries a day tip with some downtime.  Great 👍🍷
  19. @Level-42 [1 likes]: Great info for someone like me that has never been. Planning a trip soon. Cheers John 🍷😎
  20. @Nutritionicity [1 likes]: These were all great tips, John!! Thank you again for sharing your wealth of knowledge. So many of your tips rang true for me from my days of frequent visits to Virginia wine country! I too enjoy the visits that afford opportunities to see the production area and learn about their methodology. I hope to be visiting Napa Valley soon and put your strategies into play!

- The Secret Behind Napa Valley's Heavenly Wine: Kind: captions Language: en Why is the wine so good here? What makes the Napa Valley so special in my humble opinion is magic but not Harry Potter's magic? The magic of nature and the magic of wine. Let me explain. Hello, bonjour and welcome to your new boner private wines video brought to you by the best wine club in America. I'm your host, Julia Mikuel, border trained wine maker and world wine commentator. I've been living deep into the wine industry for over 25 years now. And today we're continuing our wine in five series, five chapters about all the best wine appellations in the world. We're going through one after the other, namely on the horizon today. Welcome to the Napa Valley, a name synonymous with, of course, worldclass wines. A relatively small region on the grand scheme of things that has earned global acclaim for its exceptional quality of wines and breathtaking beauty. In this video, we'll take a journey through the vineyards and the wineries of Napa, exploring the rich history briefly, the grapes that thrive here, the diverse styles of wines as well that they produce, the unique character of its different sub regions, and at the end, I want to give you my personal perspective on what's made the Napa Valley so successful. Get ready to uncork the magic of Napa [Music] Valley for the basic knowledge what you need to know about Napa Valley. Napa Valley's wine-making story dates back to the mid9th century with the early pioneers like Charles Krug or Gustav Nibbound recognizing the region's potential in investing and planting vines here despite all the challenges like prohibition and philoxer Nappa persevered. The landmark Judgment of Paris in 1976 where Napa wines famously were rated higher tasted blind than top shadows of Bordeaux included by French wine critics. It catapulted the valley onto the international stage name. Today Napa Valley stands as a testament to dedication, innovation and relentless pursuit of excellence in wine making. Napa Valley has quite a diverse teroir in fact which helps and supports a range of grape varieties but a few truly shine here. Cabernet Sovenon obviously is Napa Valley's star grape producing those fullbodied wines intense dark fruit flavors the black currant which is signature cabernet casis we call it in French pan exceptional aging potential you got shardon which is celebrated here for its richness in particular and the complexity much bigger than in Burgundy but depending on the wine making techniques and the local microclimate of each sub area of Napa which we'll talk about more in just a minute. Shardon can range from very lean and mineral wines to really opulent and bury often they showcase zingy notes of citrus but also when they're bigger lavish tropical fruit. Merlo has gone a bit out of fashion in Napa since the sideways movie in the early 2000s, but it still performs exceptionally well here, including within the Bordo type blend that we call border blend, including Cabernet Sovenon dominant. Ponoir is primarily found in the cooler southern parts of Napa Valley near the bay where it delivers a lot of elegance and finesse. Again, a bit bigger than in Burgundy, but delicate red fruit aromas, earthy undertones, and that silky delicious texture. Soon Blanc is wonderful here. If you don't know Napa Svenon Blanc, well, try one. It's delicious. Super fragrant, crisp, acidity, refreshing character, vibrant aromomas of grapefruit, passion fruit, sometimes quite grassy and herbaceious notes as well. Delicious. Soon Blanc. So quite a variety of teroirs and grapes. The Napa Valley isn't just about the grapes. It's about diverse and captivating styles of wines. Diverse again. Bold and ageworthy reds. The Cabernet Sovenon. This is of course structured, powerful, built to age. They develop further complexity over time just like a great fine wine, a French wine. The blends feature Cabernet Sovenon, Merllo, Capranco, Malbeck, all from Bordeaux originally. So they're the Bordo blends sometimes called here Meritage also highly priced. Ponoir provides the lighter reds, fruit driven, lighter, lighter bodied, but very very fruit friendly. You have the rich egg elegant whites, the shardonese that we've talked about. They can be unoked or barrel fermented for the bigger, fullerbodied ones. They can go under malolactic fermentation that adds creaminess and that delicious buttery character. And you have the refreshing whites as well, aromatic whites, the sovenon blanc as well. It can be very pure fragrance. too barrelaged, sometimes called fume blanc for added complexity and sometimes they make a little bit of rosé but that's quite anecdotal. So Napa Valley is not just the big reds or the cabernet, a variety of styles. And I also want to give you a quick very quick overview of how diverse the different teroars or the microclimates of Napa Valley can be with just a few words on the most acclaimed sub regions like Kalistoga which is located at the north end. It has a warmer temperature because it's more inland and produces cabernet soven with really bold baked tannins ripe fruit. It has a volcanic soil as well that contributes to the dense structure. You have Saint Elena which is known for warm days and cooler nights. So a sweet spot for Cabernet Sovenon often resulting in wines with a bit more elegance and balanced tenants. Ratherford, which is the heart of the Napa Valley, famous for what connoisseurs refer to as the Rutherford dust expression of Cabinet Svenon. So, a unique earthy cocoa like notes. Oakgville is home to many iconic winery, balanced climate, ideal for producing wines with a blend of power, but also finesse and aging potential. And I'll have to pass quite quickly on many more, but you have Yville, Stags District, Oaknull District, the Atlas Peak, the Diamond Mountain District that each have their own characteristics and legendary wineries. Plus, of course, you've got the Carneros to finish, which is at the very south by the San Pablo Bay, which is way cooler than the rest of the area and a prime region for Pininoa and Shaon in particular. So you get the point. There's a ton to explore different sub regions, different towns. I think there are quite a detailed geography with subtle nuances in the wines not dissimilar to what you can find in Bordeaux with the difference between a Margo and a Pyak for example, which you can learn more about in those dedicated videos right here. Very, very interesting and detailed geography and topography. And so in the end, wine enthusiasts and travelers and everyone curious about the Napa Valley has been wondering, I think, what makes this particular spot in California so extraordinary? Why is the wine so good here? What makes the Napa Valley so special in my humble opinion is magic, but not Harry Potter's magic. The magic of nature and the magic of wine. Let me explain. When you plant a vineyard in a new sport, in a new area like it was done in the new world throughout the 20th century in particular and in the Napa Valley in the 1950s,60s7s like the pioneers of wine making in California did, you're never quite sure how good the wines are going to turn out. It's a bit of a of a gamble. How's the weather locally? Is it warm enough for warm enough for vines to grow? or it might be too hot for really good wines. Which grapes are going to work well here? How's the soil for the vines? Is it draining enough? Is it clay enough? Is it sending enough? Sandy enough, etc. So sometimes only sometimes you happen to find the exact right environment where some grapes will absolutely thrive and deliver top worldass wine. And that's what happened in Napa Valley. They brought uh French grapes from Bordeaux, planted them, worked work with them, lots of skills, and the wines turned out to be as good, if not better, than French wines. If you now add to this at least 50 years of experience growing vines in Napa, all the wine- making knowhow that local wine makers have accumulated since the 1970s, at least all the wealth, also the technicality of modern wine making and you obviously end up with some of the most refined wines on earth, some of the most expensive as well and eventually cult wines. Napa basically did in 50 or 60 years what Bordeaux did in 200 years of wine- making history which is turning a local teroir into magical enchanting expensive cult world-class wines. Although to be perfectly fair, what helped Napa of course going so quickly is that they borrowed the grapes from France from Bordeaux while Bordeaux had to develop those grapes from scratch which took them probably about 100 years or more. breeding cabinet soon and ending up with such a wonderful grape that works everywhere so well and so nicely in Napa Valley was also magic done by the French in its own way. So all of this magic from centuries of wine tradition we can all taste it in our glass today including in a glass of Napa wine. That was it for me today. Here are videos about the origins of fine wine, border wines, appellations, and a couple of cult California wines that I tasted and reviewed for you on the channel Opus One and Chafer Vineyards. I'll see you soon in the wonderful world of wine. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VdeVioletta [1 likes]: I'm studying to get the Introductory Sommelier certification and I'm making blind tastings as well (the fun part). For this purpose, i got a Buena Vista Carneros Chardonnay 2021, which i enjoyed, even though my favorite is Chablis, I liked this Napa Chardonnay. And as you mentioned, the winery gets wind and cool from San Pablo bay, and indeed it is more crispy than others Californian Chardonnay that i've tried and i didn't like, i think my issue is with American oak, i prefer wines that use French oak or stainless steel tanks. And with this situation with EU taxes increasing, probably I'll have to make an effort with Californian wines than France and Italy, that nestled my favorites. By the way, what do you think about this situation? I know it's a political topic, i understand if you rather not to answer that. Thank you for your videos 🥰
  2. @alvarogil8954: Great video cher Julien!

- Tasting with Tor Kenward - Cultured Vine - Napa Valley Luxury Concierge: Kind: captions Language: en what we specialize in really is getting you with the owners and the wine makers themselves getting behind the scenes behind the vines we work with tor kenward an apple legend for sure like a lot of my friends now i was a cork dork i went to a period of time i had to read everything i could possibly find online he can just tell you stories from back in the day i came up and got a job in the wine industry because of that in the mid 70s so we're clocking 45 plus years now i've known angela now i think it's got to be at least a decade she's very passionate about fine wine she's always beating me up to pull a lot of old wines out of my cellar and we've done a couple retrospective tastings together so when angela really ramped up her business here with cultured vine we said sure we'd like to help you know i'm i'm always supportive of people that are passionate about what they do and angela is cultured vine works as a very exceptional concierge service if you're considering coming to napa valley and you want to maybe cut through some of the the red tape cultured vines a good contact for you [Music]

- This Is What Happens When You Build a Wine Cellar in a Basement: Kind: captions Language: en We're excited to show you this wine celler we just got done. Let's go in and show you this very modern seller that we just finished. It has a lot of wine. So, let me prepare you. It can't even hold the 2,000 bottles that we actually did. So, brand new house. What happened was we they took the land, they they took everything down to studs and they built it back up. So, we had to do some very unique things into the seller that again holds about 2,000 bottles. So, this is the door that we have. This is our dual pane framed door, 1 in tempered glass. And what's good about this is that it's able to keep the wine at the 55° and keep that even though this room is pretty warm today. It's a it's a summer day, but it inside keeps that cooling unit uh running efficiently as well as at the 55°. So, as you walk into the cellar, pretty much this was just down to the studs. And then we had a run the line set which is very challenging in this type of basement environment. And we used a LPQ6600 for the space. It's a great unit that you get at US Seller Systems. We ran the line set, we ran the electrical, we foam the walls, green board, mud, sand, texture, and paint. And it's a lot of wine. So we use the Vintage View triple deep wall mount. We have the magnum area here. We have the reveal rose here. And it's just filled with wine all over using the wall-mounted black vintage view triple deep wire racks. So again, this wine room probably is holding about 3500 bottles as we speak. There's cases all over the floor. There's there's stuff everywhere. You know, we made this space out of very little space here in Manhattan Beach just to be able to create this wine room. And there's just a ton of wine. They didn't have ways to put anything in the ceiling. So, we had to use it behind the door to be able to cool the entire space and then, you know, add the specific wine racks that he needed to get the most max capacity he possibly can in a room this way. So, again, nothing was here, just was a frame. and we built everything from start to finish. So, if you're looking to build a wine room in your basement, you're looking to build a wine room anywhere in your home, something as modern as this or something a little bit more traditional, we'd love to talk to you about your wine seller needs. [music]