- Building Multi-Generation Family Wealth: A Family Office's Secret | Lunch With Masters Of Finance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] launch the days with a prolific entrepreneur investor who founded one of the earliest home-grown companies to capitalize on asia's first and largest intergenerational transfer of wealth but more than that she's using the lessons learned to build a business to hopefully last a century i've traded global financial markets and advised some of asia's wealthiest for more than 20 years yet i'm constantly in search of new perspectives on finance business and of course life so i booked tables and put wine on my tab just to bring you some food for thought nestled within the unesco heritage site of singapore's botanic gardens this large restaurant infuses the culinary tradition of southeast asia with european inflections in 2012 shirley founded golden equator wealth one of the first home-grown multi-family offices in singapore today she's helping ultra high net worth families in 12 countries grow and preserve wealth over generations this is from hospice debone i thought this would be a very meaningful border of wine for us to enjoy in the 1400s there was a lot of natural disaster during that period of time i saw the duke of burgundy we started a hospice to help the poor people there he started to have different people donating their land and vineyard to the course and they've been selling the wine at the auction after more than 500 years it's now one of the most known wine auction in the world where the donation and the proceeds goes into supporting the hospice projects and the inhabitants in the in the village so i think it's very meaningful to support and i love the story behind how they keep it so sustainable for so many generations yes correct cheers let's enjoy the wine i'm a big advocate for long-term thinking long-term planning but more importantly the mindset in terms of how we are managing policies how we're managing our businesses uh how we're managing our families as well running a multi-family office for the last 10 years i get to learn and understand a lot more about how the european families are run and how our asian families are run and the distinct difference is in terms of generational thinking in singapore we have three banks that is groomed locally two already institutionalized uob is currently still run by family but we're unsure whether there's a format that it will actually continue in their next third or fourth generation we don't have a lot of examples unlike some of the western world one of the examples you can think of very successful families from the west yeah and the lessons we can learn from them the first lesson that i've learned for sure is nothing is just random european families are very experienced the large ones a lot of things is like deliberate and well planned and they have documented down that it should be run in a certain way and that's why they can run businesses for generations they can run their families for generations take for example some of the european banks after 8th or 9th generation it's still the family running it they plan ahead from for example how many children i'm gonna have versus the asian thinking that oh maybe like the more children that i have the more i'm protected of certain risks which may or may not be true they get involved in global initiatives and global community i know some families that are contributors to who or some of the large organizations around healthcare legal finance so that when a pandemic like this happen they are the first to get the information this is really long-term thinking because it's having the foresight to build good relationships years back in the next few decades the largest ever intergenerational wealth transfer is happening across the globe by 2030 15 trillion us dollars is expected to pass to younger generations globally in asia this is happening for the first time and is estimated at 2.1 trillion us dollars however out of the families who have succession plans less than half in asia pacific have been formalized hi good afternoon welcome to botanical thank you this is your smoke aubergine served with shrimp shampoo and this is our aston martin ceviche it's a service of sea bus fish but with the shrimp paste ice cream and encourage mix everything together thank you a lot of the wealth in asia is still very new 85 of all the wealth is still with the main founder meaning the first generation i was only starting to see the trickle of wealth transfers happening i think the movement will be still very very muted and slow there's a lot of struggle as how best to do it and it comes with the baggage of culture conversations still cannot happen openly with between generations my sense is like the patriarch still want to have absolute control yeah about how things are run about investment and i think that sort of put a bit of a spanner because they're very much set in their ways asian families is quite random how they bring their next generation into the business so it's like okay i'm gonna get my son to take care of this part of the business oh i'm gonna get my daughter to manage the family office finance and the patreon may think that okay i'll throw them into the deepsea to learn and they'll pick things up a lot faster because they have learned it that way i think there's opportunity to accelerate it and organize it a lot better between the two generations it's not about eliminating the difficulty it's about how best to to support them to deal with those difficulties for a century the concept of the family office was limited to a small number of families it wasn't until the 1980s that family offices started to multiply first in the united states then elsewhere family offices provide a broad spectrum of services including private wealth management family governance and succession planning for family this must be considered in a broader context of individual members desires family perceptions as well as the macroeconomic conditions and regulatory landscape we create the platform the environment that's suitable for them to progress into that kind of generational thinking format i'll give you an example recently i set up the ceo office so that i can institutionalize the company we have legal expertise talent around investment ad hoc talent so that when the next generation comes into some of the business they are not just thrown into the deep sea they feel well supported and they know how to function on the get-go with the talent that they have i see that as extremely important for business continuity that's why like the president of the united states yeah yeah their presidential office is well set up the moment a crisis happened to the president anyone who takes over needs to be prepared and ready to take on the responsibility to manage your whole country asia is home to 36 of the world's billionaire population and 22 percent of the world's ultra high net worth individuals among the popular locations for family offices singapore has seen a five-fold increase between 2017 and 2019 i think with the growth of family offices around the region right how much of a pie is left we're probably at the first decade of where private banks were 35 40 years ago definitely there is a lot of improvement to be done singapore is not there as having one a top asset management company so consolidation definitely needs to happen to benefit singapore better as a whole whether it's from asset management to family offices so that we can build bigger stronger brands that can be trusted globally so do you come from a next gen or did you always think that you're gonna be doing finance i found the finance in a way right i began my career at goldman at a very young age and my next role was actually at lehman brothers right so actually i went through the whole financial crisis with lehman as you can imagine it's kind of a harrowing experience because you never thought that an investment bank of that size could actually go under go get bankrupt over a weekend essentially so i think that was one of the most um you know surreal moments of my life i have to rethink about what life is about especially in my career in banking and also i think that's when you also decided to do something different with your career i worked for a good you know close to a decade in the financial industry so in the banks previously is really about engaging the client with what kind of products how the products will look like how they should be educated with the products and the variety of the products so it's very very focused around products and what they can do with it shortly after the crisis i thought about the gaps and how underserved the wealthy really are in this part of the world they need to plan a lot better and they need to understand what are their options the philosophy of running a family office is formulated very differently from like a fund management company yes or private bank thinking the philosophy has to be very much centered around how you're really thinking on the side of the families and the dedication and depth in wanting to build that long relationship and not only care about the short term every year on year kind of benefits after over a decade of building and preserving wealth for asia's ultra high net worth families shirley is applying lessons learned to building a business for the long term you know we all invest in the startups and then one of the key common questions is what is your usp right yes what sets us apart right it's number one learnings dealing with families one thing that i would learn from western families is this we should speak a lot more we should speak up a lot more we should speak about issues a lot more and we should talk about it even if it means that there's no clear solution to it immediately it applies to how we run our organization as well next year we celebrate our 10-year anniversary and our first few key employees we discussed this and it was very clear that they want me to be the main and key decision maker when families do not put those clear lines from the beginning and address the difficult conversations from the beginning it becomes even more difficult later on i have this philosophy we always should learn from young people now we have this program called on millennium x we get the employees to form into groups of four and five so they will teach the leadership team leadership team especially when they are in their 50s or even your 40s it gets even more difficult to unlearn because we think that we've accumulated a lot of experience and we know a lot of things but we must have an open mindset to hear what they are saying so that we can make better decisions for the future just like the families as well when you have a purpose and a goal that is set up very clearly it gives people better structure and guidance in following that purpose one of our key motors is the future together we always think about the future what will be the future trends what are the mega trends that is going to be out there so with noticing all these trends then how do we create businesses and build connections and build ecosystem around each trend when an ecosystem is built every single element is important for it to thrive if there is no investors coming in no matter how strong your startups are they're just not supported yeah if there's no continuous learning for them they may be stuck at their issues you measure ecosystem a lot of times but statistics however show that 70 to 80 of partnerships don't work out right so how have you designed your ecosystem your partnerships to make sure that you know people stay on track partnerships and collaborations are very different collaboration is more like a project collaboration right let's say we we place our skill sets and our resources into collaborating into something and we see whether there's a good outcome when you have partnerships there is a lot of mutual benefits that needs to happen in the long run partnership has to be coupled with clear contracts spelling out the terms who takes on what responsibilities how would the commercial terms and ownership look like and then what is the outcome and goal each one care about and what's the goal that we will eventually reach together this helps us eliminate a lot of partnership issues from a family office in 2012 shelley has grown golden equator into an ecosystem of seven synergistic companies comprising a multi-family office business consultancy investment management and education to nourish the ecosystem she built a regional community by setting up curated workspaces that bring high-powered businesses investors and experts under one roof today she's looking to expand the group's reach by tapping into the unlikely markets of brunei and kazakhstan hello sorry to interrupt i'm serving your main course is the awkward saltichokes with the fried kale and sunshine puree oh okay this is one of our famous selections of vegetarian main course here thank you they're always more interesting markets bigger markets like china like vietnam and even india right yeah where we can see wealth creation happening at much faster pace yeah so why why kazakhstan it's a great question because we don't make our decision based on stats on where the best opportunity is because where the best opportunity is may not be where you do best in you can't go to china and hope to do really well especially now we're so so competitive so with some of our markets that's that that we go into first we'll identify that we have in-market and local connects yeah and that's very important because when we go into a new territory uh it's always good to do partnerships second we feel that we can serve them better in our different business areas and they're underserved currently so when we went into brunei three years ago we really try to understand the market what is their priorities and how do we fulfill those priorities the second one that we're looking at is central asia region kazakhstan being one of the first we're looking at the potential for investments into infrastructure in the country we're looking at the potential of the wealth that is being managed around the region that is actually very underserved and looking at it with a bit of a longer term perspective as well this is another thing that i always tell some of our employees the relationships that you make today you cannot expect that it will bear fruits immediately the relationships we make today is for a few years later yes which is why deepening the relationship in underserved market is important because you're the first to be there once you start and build the relationship the relationship will be very strong and very hard to break hello i'm serving a dessert this is the breakfast chinese rice we posted rice ice cream and coconut as well thank you i've seen some of your interviews and i think you described golden equator as well a very special stage of growth yes you are not a young company but you also are not a very old company where do you see golden equator 30 years down the road we built very good foundation the 2.0 business is really uh looking forward into how we can accelerate a great speed so that we can now provide services not only to your institutions to your families we're also going to be providing services to the mass public and there are three identified underserved markets that we see especially on the finance front so women is one of them we have been continuously trying to work towards getting more women into the workforce more diversity more representation more access to capital which would have a positive effect on economy with more women coming in the workforce we'll probably see trillions of gdp being created the stats we both know very well it's like very few women let startups receive fundings from vcs or venture capital funds and i think even less vcs actually female founded right so you have other views for how women can get better access to capital the stats for women entrepreneur has increased but not in proportion to the funding yes going to female entrepreneurs that's right so while we see more female coming up and stepping up to want to you know start small businesses uh we do not see the funding moving as aggressively so i think that's something that we want to work towards the next underserved market that we see so your next generation of young people young people see financial products differently how they're going to utilize lending or place their savings will also look very different and we definitely will go into that kind of space and then the third category that we see that's up and rising is really your freelance and creative economy it's a special group especially with pandemic we're going to make it easy for them to access technology and capital is a full ecosystem to be more self-sufficient by combining strong business acumen with the values and practices of the world's most successful families shirley is building a business on deep meaningful relationships with a long-term view i really do hope that we can be one of those organizations that is born out of singapore and we can build a multi deckier century long business to hear shirley's elevator pitch to japanese billionaire and syrian entrepreneur taiso sun tune into the lunch with masters of finance podcast on channelnewsasia.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenna8445 [160 likes]: The biggest secret they gatekeep is the ebook Girl Boss Hustle: Earn 10k From Home
  2. @wendyshoowaiching4161 [32 likes]: Wah! A good place to be with. Quiet.  Asian will catch up very slowly.  I have started my family business long time ago.  I need to liquidate all the collectibles and assets. Worth over US$15m (2 generations).  Others are viewing me solo starting a family business.  Many locals think I am not working and view me as unemployment.  I never try to explained to them.  Let them think what they like.
  3. @TheRaissarenee [14 likes]: Remove or lower the music please. Great content thank you ❤
  4. @trace.l1977 [12 likes]: Thanks for sharing. Actually how does family office get paid? What's the revenue streams? And how can family office compare to private wealth banking who can also offer tailored products, lower interest rates, succession planning etc.?
  5. @kk22001 [5 likes]: TBH, Family offices doesn't really add much of a value because they don't really have the expertise on growing wealth through investments which is the bulk of the main job for the family. Mostly they outsource investment to hedge funds and PEs. UHNW can just go direct to the hedge funds and PEs directly. Why bother paying these family offices (middleman) services?
  6. @TableTennis-Man [4 likes]: Just Sales PR reps...
  7. @swqqwwer [3 likes]: Pretty hard to follow her ah lian English, plus the mole..
  8. @luckyornot218 [1 likes]: I don't know why people want their car doors to be opened while they can by themselves,it's just degrading to the people.U gotta be humble.
  9. @jubi240 [1 likes]: This was very informative
  10. @JohnAndJaneDoe65 [1 likes]: She have a few words on repeat - underserved and ecosystem 😂
  11. @emmafrost13333: An this is how even higher generational inequality will start to develop there as well as in the West XD
  12. @Ndjffjendjdpsdojcne: Poor “wealth scammer” ppl 17:46 really love to kiss the bottoms of rich ppl
  13. @Ndjffjendjdpsdojcne: Bet she is scamming her clients more than 3% a year. Active management is just scam, put into global index fund get ab 10% yearly after meger 0.08% fee!!
  14. @SherryGoh-w9m: What about the Rothschild?
  15. @Anurag-Baveja: This is a true masterclass.
  16. @hellonihaocomoestas: asians still treat darker skin as lower class. They still worship white people. They still behave in a classless manner with their subordinates. As long as these lowly acts are pushed out of our community, we are essentially no better than savages with money.
  17. @Thislife78-p1w: wodorful documentary! a lot to think about thank you
  18. @rumeshmadushanka3857: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  19. @leannec599: 😅 no one wants to talk about dying it’s Choi Choi choiii lol
  20. @kennySg101: All go into FNB?  Is that the reasons for high turn over fnb in SG?

- Discovering the Trillionaire Lifestyle of the Rothchilds Is this the Richest Family In The World: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the world of luxury and riches where opulence no snow bounds and success is defined by the profusion of one's positions enter the world of the privilege and meet a family that represents the height of wealth and success learn about the rose-hill family A Dynasty founded on years of wealth and accomplishment prepare yourself for an Insider's view of the stunning homes glamorous events and authority and influence they enjoy let's get started foreign [Music] Channel family who were originally from Frankfurt Germany in the late 18th century Rose to fame when Meyer amstell rhodeschild founded a successful Banking Company the Rhodes channels built branches in London Paris Vienna Naples and other cities across Europe through Savvy Financial manipulation and strategic connections the Rothschild family was instrumental in funding numerous governments and important infrastructure initiatives during the 19th century including railroad construction and Mining Endeavors due to their wealth and Global influence they were able to successfully negotiate in challenging political environments making them crucial figures in global trade and diplomacy the family's dedication to philanthropy the Arts and Cultural preservation has been recognized over the years you have a wide range of interests have accumulated a sizable art collection and have made major contributions to organizations and charitable causes the five sons of Mayor Angel Rochdale found extraordinary success and founded banks in significant European towns I'm still Solomon Nathan Carl and James have a significant impact in the various cities and Enterprises where they operate their family acquired the trust of governments and royalty throughout Europe through Smart Financial dealings and a reputation for dependability as a result during the 19th century they planned a significant role in financing numerous Nations Wars and infrastructure projects by the 19th century the Rochelle family was one of the richest and most influential families in the world the family's prominence in the banking industry faded during the course of the 20th century and the companies they formed change or were combined with other Financial firms however their history as a famous and significant family in business and international Affairs continues to this day in both Europe and the United States the Industrial Revolution was significantly financed by The Rose Channel family they also had a major effect on the growth of the global bond market the financial Empire of the Rothschilds was one of the most influential in history for many years and they had an important influence on the development of the international economy they were significant patrons of the Arts and collectors they gathered a sizable collection of artwork including rare books paintings and sculptures in addition the roads challenge created and preserved a number of significant cultural landmarks including the Villa euphrusi the Rothschild in France and what is done manner in England the Rothschilds were involved in a variety of social and political causes they supported Healthcare education and the Arts they contributed to the struggle against anti-Semitism as well throughout their history The prominent Jewish Family of the Rothschilds in Europe has been the target of prejudice and persecution they were devoted to upholding the rights of all people nevertheless and to their Jewish Heritage there is no disputing their influence on world affairs they took part in some of the most significant conflicts of the 19th and 20th centuries including the American Civil War the first world war and in the Napoleonic Wars the Rothschilds had a distinctive view of the global events because of their procession in politics and finance we will continue our discussion but first let's take this moment to remind you to hit the Subscribe button so you will never miss any updates for our videos now let's return to the discussion there isn't a wealthy individual or family out there without Investments their assets include a variety of real estate properties in various cities among these homes is what is done manner in London a French known City built by Baron Ferdinand the Rothschild in the buckinghamshire in the late 19th century it has been transformed into a public museum they also possess homes in New York City in addition to the hotel Rochelle Hotel Solomon the Rochelle and Villa eufrusi De Rothschild all of which are in Paris last but not least Trinity house is a Mayfair Georgian townhouse that was constructed in the early 18th century the rothschel family Investments company red Capital Partners is currently calling it headquarters speaking of red Capital Partners it was founded in 1961 and is traded on the London Stock Exchange the name red stands for Rochelle Investment Trust and the business has a long history with the Rothschilds in addition to a broad portfolio of stocks in established and emerging economies red Capital Partners invest in a wide range of assets additionally it has holding in a range of fixed income instruments such as corporate bonds government bonds and security nice Goods alternative assets include things like real estate hedge funds and private Equity it seeks to produce sustainable Capital Growth for its stockholders and has a lengthy investment Horizon over the long term the company has regularly beaten Benchmark indices thanks to its outstanding performance history we cannot say that Rothschild family is rich without discussing their business this Venture includes shipping mining real estate and banking Road's child and Co is the largest business in the family it is the oldest and most prestigious banking firm in the world it was built in 1760 and is still owned by the Rothschild family today Rochelle and Co is a Global Financial advisory and Banking Company with an illustrious history the five sons of Mayor Ansel Rothschild who were involved in banking in the 18th and 19th centuries are responsible for the company's Foundation it functions as a multinational financial consulting and Investment Company offering a wide range of services to a variety of clients including business governments financial institutions and high net worth individuals their offerings include Asset Management private wealth management restructuring the debt advisory Services mergers and Acquisitions consulting services and more the business is renowned for its skill in wealth management strategic counseling and deal make taking it has consistently appealed a reputation for integrity discretion and dedication to the best interests of its clients according to Forbes the 2022 revenue of the companies is worth up to 3.4 billion dollars the assets are worth 20.1 billion dollars and the profit are worth 905.2 million dollars it is also estimated that the family's net worth is 1.2 trillion dollars this enormous Corporation also have subsidiaries all around the world included in it are Rochelle and Co AG a division of the business based in Zurich Switzerland Rochelle and coal London England's Europe and rhodeschild and Co in Hong Kong Asia along with these subsidiaries Rochelle and Co also operates a variety of other Ventures under the Rothschild brand including private banking Asset Management real estate and art Consulting lastly we will talk about the wide range of family philanthropic works the Rochdale Foundation starts with education because the Rothschild family has donated money to a number of Institutions including the University of Oxford the London School of economics and The wisman Institute of Science in addition it includes Healthcare institutions including the Mayo Clinic Mount Sinai Hospital and The karolinska Institute it has been expanded to include Environmental Protection and humanitarian causes well that's a referred the rich history of the luxury Rothschild family if you learned something be sure to subscribe thank you for watching and see you on the next video This is luxify

  Top Comments:
  1. @luxify-2023 [2 likes]: It is always interesting learning about some of the wealthiest families.
  2. @luthfiyazidammar1967 [1 likes]: Woww amazing
  3. @thepepecoin: Your video, 'Discovering the Trillionaire Lifestyle of the Rothschilds: Is this the Richest Family in the World?' is an absolute masterpiece! You've done an incredible job researching and presenting such intriguing content. Your storytelling and attention to detail are truly commendable. Keep up the fantastic work, and I can't wait to see more captivating videos from your channe
  4. @silviapusparini9401: I wish have wealthy as this family
  5. @MultMund: imagine what it would be like if you had 1.2 trillion dollars to live your life...
  6. @ridhoh4041: cool, one of the families that can amaze the world
  7. @abcdgaming4-21: Triniar know how to live a better life and luxius life. These video is really awesome about luxuris lifestyle, thank you for sharing this information 🎉❤😮
  8. @ArexRana: Thanks for interesting information ❤🙏🏿
  9. @sallamterang8559: very good and an inspiration for my family
  10. @fulgencefulgence-d6m: I've always heard about these families, but now it's clear what really makes them rich
  11. @mustaphache3738: Very helpful video. Thank you for your effort 🙏
  12. @nurfalahazril: This content very intersting..yup family rich free anywants
  13. @penyejukhatiyangmerindu: good information for this channel
  14. @DuhSoares23: The story of the Rothschild Family is truly fascinating and represents a remarkable example of perseverance and success across generations.
  15. @sharifuhamisi7918: Wow, thanks very much for the video i never thought their will be richer family like this
  16. @EnglishBeats1M: Amazing... thank for this interesting information with us. 😁
  17. @InaMotivation763: Very very good❤❤❤
  18. @lutfifebridarmawan1348: rothscild family so interesting, thats cool
  19. @barborr11: Very very Good ❤❤❤
  20. @amanshrestha3503: Awesome video

- RICH | The Ultimate Guide to Rich People Investment | Investing Strategies of TOP 1% | IN HINDI: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to discuss a topic that's often surrounded by speculation: the assets that make rich people even richer. Have you ever wondered how rich people increase their wealth? Hello, everyone, welcome to The Optimist Indian. In this video, we'll uncover the 15 assets that ultra- wealthy people invest in to secure and expand their wealth. From real estate to the stock market, this asset is n't just for the elite class. You can also be a part of it. We'll break down each asset and explain how you can start investing in it. Whether you're a budding investor or just want to learn the secrets of the rich, this video is packed with valuable insights. So, relax and let's explore the world of high-return investments. Number One Mutual Funds and Index Funds. While stocks allow you to purchase shares of a company individually, mutual funds and index funds bring together multiple companies, meaning you invest in a whole bunch of companies. Why is it better? Because it diversifies you more, making investments safer. Statistically, index funds are one of the best-performing asset classes. If you start buying stocks one by one, statically, you're more likely to make mistakes. You're not one of those miracle traders who beat the market year after year. This is where index funds come in. They bring together the Nifty 50, and when a company falls from that top 50, a new, better-performing company replaces it. Over the past 30 years, the Nifty 50 index has had an average annual return of over 12%. Index funds should be in every portfolio of those who want to build long-term wealth. Number two: Bonds. When governments or businesses need cash, they issue bonds that are sold to interested investors. Through these bonds, the government or business promises to pay a certain amount of money every month to the person buying the bonds. Generally, bonds have a fixed price. Expiry dates range from one month to 30 years. These are a super safe investment because they're mostly managed by the government. But why bonds aren't good for a new investor? As you may know, low risk in business means low returns. Bonds typically offer a 3% annual return, which is lower than most banks, but it's not a high enough return to excite a beginner investor. When the bonds reach their expiry date, the investor gets their principal back. People can buy bonds in two main ways: directly from the Treasury Department and from a brokerage firm. Number three, real estate, real estate. I personally like them because they offer two advantages: first, monthly rent payments, and a minimum amount of work. If you're smart, you can take advantage of current technology improvements and focus on short-term rentals instead of traditional rentals. This can offer higher returns, but it's not as passive. Number two is appreciation. Population numbers are rising, and more and more people need rented space to live. Demand is increasing, which is why property prices are constantly rising. With ever-increasing demand, real estate can be a better investment plan. Now, let's look at real estate terms, which are of four types: residential buildings, office buildings, commercial buildings, and land. Residential buildings where people live in your properties and pay you rent. Office buildings where people invest in your properties. [Music] Now, stocks aren't as complicated as you might believe. Stocks are a simple way to own a percentage of a publicly traded business. So, if a business issues 1 million shares and you own 100,000 of those shares, you own 10% of that business. This incredible breakthrough in financial instruments has allowed the average person to own stakes in some of the most lucrative companies of our time, and with very low barriers. If you liked this video, do n't forget to subscribe to the channel, Number Five Cash. Cash deposited in the bank earns you interest. It's quite straightforward. The downside is that the interest rates banks are paying these days are n't keeping pace with inflation, but cash has also become a priority. Imagine your dream deal is right in front of you and you don't have the money to take it. This could be very bad. This is the main reason why wealthy people save cash, and secondly, because they can get higher returns from straight cash deals. People offer better pricing for cash can also lend their money at higher interest rates. This practice is called peer-to-peer lending. If your income is low and you're willing to take this risk, there are excellent platforms that offer peer-to-peer lending services. While the average bank pays you interest at 6%, peer-to-peer lending fluctuates between 7% and 15%. Number six: equipment, anything that helps you earn money is an asset. Consider: If you're a farmer, a tractor is an asset. If you're a programmer, a laptop is an asset. If you're a driver, a car is an asset. Whether something is an asset or a liability depends on whether it's directly related to your income generation. So, unless your income directly depends on the car, buying a new car is a liability. Many times, people confuse the two, and you mismanage your finances, suffer from a lack of self-control, and try to justify the car as an asset. youtube1 Patent: When you invent something new, you can file a patent to protect your invention. This is a document that certifies you as an inventor and explains in detail what your invention does. With this protection, companies can pay you to use an invention, and if they don't, you can sue it. Patents are very powerful in the business world. A single patent can make you rich, and the best inventions are backed by patents. Number eight: Trademarks protect your invention, while patents protect symbols, words, or phrases. This is obvious, because brands have important logos or names. But these things get more interesting. If you have a valuable trademark that has market value, you can license it and offer it to people for commercial purposes at a high return. The trademark can be local or international. Number nine: Brand and goodwill: There is a difference between a brand and goodwill, but both are extremely valuable to a business. A brand is the footprint a company leaves in the minds of its consumers, and goodwill is the emotional affection people have for the brand. Brand ownership is a company's efforts to promote a particular image in the marketplace. Goodwill is the way a company treats its customers. From the way things are done to the positive impact on the community and the gratitude people feel that the company has. Goodwill is super hard to cultivate or scale, but people literally save companies from bankers' money because they have goodwill. Number 10: People. You don't realize how valuable assets people are until they leave. Very few people understand that companies are not actually real. Companies are part of an imagination validated by the state. Companies are ideas and innovations that exist under an imaginary umbrella. And who brings all these ideas are the people of the company? A single person can transform a company with their idea. Apple has the power to replace Steve Jobs. Then there are the teams of companies that make companies grow. There are cases where big companies have acquired startups solely because of their people. Number 11: Raw Material The prices of materials and commodities fluctuate according to the market. If you're smart, you should buy when prices are low and sell when demand is high. This rule also applies to currency, oil, crypto, and luxury cars. In the last 15 years, gold prices have risen by 261%. You might find this surprising, but we're beginning to view art as an alternative asset. Many people don't realize this, but art has been performing well compared to the currency in the last 20 years. This is why wealthy people spend so much money on art because it makes them even richer. Vintage cars also serve a similar purpose. When your car is making you money, the world 's richest people prefer to buy rare vintage cars, whose value increases rapidly. Before investing in luxury watches and other collectibles, it's important to understand that we should n't invest in things you don't know well. The most important rule for earning money is to invest only in things that have value. You should know: No. 12: Digital assets—books, songs, and digital course information— are fantastic because they're infinitely scalable. Creating and distributing such assets increases business value and can make you wealthy. When your product is ready, your job is to promote it and reach as many people as possible. Music is even more interesting because you only have to get it right once, and you're set for life. No. 13: Royalties. The easiest way to understand this is if you wrote a book and a movie studio bought the rights to it and wanted to make a TV show, you'd get a share of the money generated. Consider the TV show " Friends." You've already made a lot of money, and the show ended after 12 seasons. But it didn't stop there. The show became so popular that it acquired multiple broadcasters. For example, the cast of "Friends" earns approximately $1 million to $20 million annually, which is quite substantial. Royalties are applicable to everything. Number 14 Unique Rights Unique rights are important to consider because in some cases, some parties may find unfair claims, which count as an asset. For example, in the US, there is the Indian Gaming Revolution Act, which grants Native Americans rights to engage in all forms of gambling activities, which are regulated under state law and are not subject to any taxes. Number 15 First-mover advantage and propety business models When you innovate commercially, this innovation is seen as an asset. It took appleid.com and other companies a few years to understand this. Now, streaming services are everywhere, just like the music industry has shifted from physical albums to digital albums. So, you're not just spotify.com anymore. Stay with us to grow your financial future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmitSharma-oz8fo: आपका वीडियो बिलकुल भी ठीक नहीं था ऐसे   पैसा जनरल पब्लिक बनाती है
  2. @Goldeneagle134: 💯💯
  3. @the_satyam_chronicle: 🙌🙌

- This Is How The Rich Build Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en How to scale your business and your brand in 2026. That is our focus in today's lecture. Is it better to leverage the aggressive marketing approach, the passive aggressive strategy or is it better to leverage relationship economy or the relationship marketing? Stay with us and I promise you I will give you the blueprint to not only start and scale your business but to position your business to become that 6, 7, 8 and 9 figure bar. Now for the purpose of this lecture let us assume that there are three types of marketing style. There is the aggressive marketing strategist, the passive aggressive marketing strategist and then there is the relationship economy or what we call relationship marketing. Which one of these marketing style or strategy is best suited in your eyes? Well, let us begin that examination. Now the aggressive marketing approach is the individual who cuts in front of the line while there are people who are waiting patiently in the line to be served just like he or she wants to be served. Now when that happens what do you think those who are in the line will be saying? You see, marketing is personal branding. And when you create your personal brand, it should be a brand that attracts and not repel. In the context of what the aggressive marketing strategist is doing, do you think it is attracting or is it repelling? when it comes to building healthy, productive, long-term relationships. I want you to think about that. Now, in the second case, you have the passive aggressive marketing strategist. And the passive aggressive marketing strategist is the individual who wants to go on a date but simply do not have anyone to take on that date. But because they understand marketing, he approached a young lady, gave her a false narrative, motivate her interest to want to go on that date with her, but his objective is just to get on that date. There is no equity in value creation. That too can be a tremendous challenge in the long term because when people become aware that you have selfish motive in presenting your value offer in presenting your minimum or most viable offer that's going to create some situation for you down the line. So in 2026, we are encouraging our community to focus on the relationship economy or relationship marketing. Now the relationship economy or relationship marketing has a completely different perspective. The key focus here is on building trust. It's about creating shared value. It's about empathy. It's about focusing on long-term connection. And here is where the massive different maker lie. So if you're thinking about starting your business, if you're thinking about scaling your business, if you're thinking about upleveling your business to that point where it can become a 6, seven, 8 or 9 figure brand, you need to focus tremendously in 2026 on filling the relationship gap. Now the ability to apply relationship marketing has tremendous advantage but it is a subject matter that you need to commit the time, talent and the resources to truly understand. For example, an expert at relationship marketing, they understand the importance of understanding the needs, wants and expectations of the ideal client. We will go deeper into that today. All right. They understand how to create trust and how to leverage transparency in that process. They understand what is shared value creation. And because of shared value creation, it sets the stage for sustainable growth. They understand what is long-term loyalty or lifetime loyalty. They also understand what is personal communication. what is building also networks and community. So relationship marketing is what is going to set you up to attain a competitive advantage in your sales effort. Now there's a couple of things that I also want to say. I must say this all right because relationship marketing it's about personal branding. Now, relationship marketing begins with personal branding. To master your personal brand is to master your sense of self. To master your sense of self is to master your personal brand. We will go into this as we look at the first four stage stages of relationship marketing. Now, as I said at the beginning, relationship marketing is all about your personal brand. All right? You have to be comfortable in your skin. You have to be comfortable connecting and meeting and talking with people. You have to be comfortable to even be the lead person in the room who is starting and carrying that conversation. It's about your personal brand. So the first thing that I want us to look at as we go deep into this study of relationship marketing, the first thing that I want us to look at is how to build and master your personal brand. Yes, relationship marketing begins by focusing on your personal brand. So what is the first thing that one needs to do to build your personal brand? Now step one is to become market oriented. Step two is to become market sensitive and step three is to become market responsive. Now let us take some time to examine each of these concept. What exactly does it means to be market oriented? Now remember the key focus here is relationship marketing. So, how do you go about forming and starting that healthy, productive relationship? Well, market orientation really gets you started. Now, let's take for example that you're now beginning to get to know someone. So, you decide to take that person out on a date and you ask the right questions. What is your hobbies? What are things that you like? What is your future expectations? What strategy do you have in place to achieve your future objective? So, in market orientation, you're really taking your time to understand the person you're about to start dating. Why? Because when you go on that date and the waiter or waitress brings the red flower, you can signal them and say, "No, our color is not red. Our color is white. You're now market sensitive." All right? So to master relationship marketing the foundation begins with you being market oriented because it is by being market oriented you can now be market sensitive and you can then move on to be market responsive. Now here the challenge that we have in today's world because of aggressive marketing strategies because of passive aggressive marketing strategies your focus is just getting the goods or the service across the table and collecting the money. So because of this your key focus is just focus on becoming market responsive. You're just responding and responding and responding, but you're not responding to market needs because you're not committing enough time to understand people to understand how to leverage that body of knowledge to be more market sensitive. So as you become market responsive, you are responding to needs. So this is what often happen. Sometimes you're able to make the sale but is that sale consistent? It is not consistent because of the fact that you have not set the stage to connect with your partner to connect with the ideal client at a deeper level and this is what relationship marketing is preparing you to do. So let's move to the second concept here. At the second concept, we now talk about how to master psychoraphics. Now remember, you have commit time to be market oriented. You have commit time to be market sensitive. And now you're going to be market responsive. So at the second level here, how to be how to master psychographic is here we're going to go deep into the belly of truly understanding your target market. Truly understand your spouse. Truly understand the person you're about to date. Truly understand the ideal client. Now step one is to identify the value that people value. Of course, remember in the dating game, it's all about identifying the things that your partner value. You see, the reason that many persons come together in a marriage, but the statistics are showing that marriage ends as fast as it start because in the dating process, you didn't commit enough time to become market oriented. You did not commit enough time to be market sensitive. You focus on market responsiveness. You had a need and you wanted to achieve it and you do what you had to do to achieve your objective. But you achieving your objective might also means that you're going to mash a few toes and you're going to hurt people emotionally and you're going to hurt people in other ways. And because of that, there is no long-term loyalty. All right? There is no consistency in how you are connecting with people, how you're inspiring people, how you're making impact with people. There is no consistency in that regard. Why? Because you did not take enough time to become oriented, to become sensitive in order to be responsive. So what we going into here right now is what's going to set you up to be responsive to the market needs and to be responsive in the right way. And that in of itself is what's going to set you up to build healthy productive relationship that represents collective interest. So step one identify value that people value. So the more you spend time with people on the dating game, you're doing this to identify the things that they value. You're taking time to identify what are their dreams, what are their hopes, and what are their aspirations. You're really committing the time to genu genuinely understand this. This is where the game changes. We are now in a relationship economy and those who are able to master the relationship leverage they will have the competitive advantage in business. So if you are not able to do this but your competition is able to do this they will win. You see aggressive marketing and passive aggressive marketing strategy has their limitation. But relationship marketing has a tremendous competitive advantage because it really allows you to be oriented. It really allows you to be sensitive and it really allows you to be responsive. And this is what enables you to apply yourself to achieve the high reward, the measureable results, the predictable outcome with the highest degree of accuracy. Now let's go deeper into this. The dating game is to identify value that people value. Can you imagine that you are now dating your spouse, but you understand what are the triggers, what are the buttons to press to ignite joy, happiness, and excitement. Imagine this. Do you think you're going to have a happy relationship? Of course, you're going to have a happy relationship because you took the time to understand her dreams, her hopes, and her aspirations. And because you took the time to understand her dreams, her hopes and her aspiration, it brings you to the second stage. You now become value that people value. So every time your spouse looks at you, she's motivated, she's inspired, she feels loved, she feels care for. The same principle applies to your ideal client. You commit enough time to understand what they want. You commit enough time to become a true representation of the value that they want. And then the third step is that you give value that people value. All right? You give value that people value. And this is saying you're fully aware that your spouse, she likes exercising. All right? She likes, you know, attention. She likes care. So because of doing the dating game, you committed enough time to understand her. You're giving her value. You're serving her based on her expectations. The same principle applies to the the client conversion process. The same process applies to relationship marketing because you're interested in building a deeper relationship. You're interested in connecting people at a different level. You interested in the business beyond just the cash flow optimization and the profitability of the of the business. You're focusing on one relationship. You have gone beyond transactional uh way of doing businesses and you're now focusing on the relationship economy. All right? So the ability to apply these techniques is what is going to set you up to be more successful in business. The fourth concept that I want to share here is that now that you identify value that people value, now that you have become value that people value, now that you are given value that people value, what do you want to do? You want to stop here? I want to push you a little further. You want to give value above and beyond your spouse expectations. You want to give value above and beyond the client expectations. And these are important concepts that I want you to really focus on because it's going to be a major major game changer. Now, here is where the magic begins. All right? Because you have invested time to understand the ideal client, what value to them. You have become the value that they are longing for. You're giving the value that they desire. You are delivering above expectations and you're pushing one step further. You're looking at ways to deliver value consistently above and beyond the ideal client expectation. Now, tell me if this is not mastery of the psychoraphic. The psychoraphic is where you're really getting into the minds of your spouse. All right? Because you're having healthy conversation. You're diagnosing their interests. So you you you understand their motivators. You understand their triggers. The same principle applies to you and your ideal client. You're spending enough time with them to understand their needs, wants, and expectation. You're deploying your marketing techniques to really get to understand the ideal client. And you're now upleveling that information to ensure that they are served at the highest level. To ensure that they are being served to reach their expectation, to ensure that they are being served to exceed their expectation and to to serve them in a way that you're consistently delivering value above and beyond expectations. Now, think about this. Is this the game changer? All right. So, for today, I'm going to pause on this. In the next broadcast, I will be looking at how to master personal accountability because this is something that you need to hold yourself accountable to because um if you lose accountability here, you're going to undermine the whole objective of what we call relationship marketing. And then there's another important factor for us to examine here, and that is how to master your sense of self. Now, what does mastering your sense of self has to do with relationship marketing? Well, think about this. The last thing that you want to be is the person who is attempting to date your spouse, but then you don't have self-confidence. You don't have trust in your ability to deliver quality consistency above her expectation. You're shaky in these grounds. So if you're shaky in these grounds, it's really going to undermine how you position yourself to uplevel your minimum and most viable most vi viable offer in the eyes of your spouse in the eyes of the ideal client. So these are things that you want to fix, right? All right. either for you, your sales team, the organization. Because if your sales team, members of your SE sales team is struggling with self-confidence, is struggling with sense of self, is struggling with the ability to apply self, relationship marketing is going to be compromised and undermined and the sales objective that you want to achieve will not be achieved. So we have a lot to cover moving forward but I want to pause here for today and I just simply want to quickly recap some of what we talk about. Now in today's broadcast we talk about three type or three style of marketing. We look at the aggressive uh marketing strategist. We look at the passive aggressive and we look at the relationship economy, relationship marketing and we do a deep dive into what exactly is relationship marketing. Now I want to end by saying this. The ability to nurture healthy, productive relationship with your spouse is going to cause that marriage to last a lifetime. productive relationship with the client is going to ensure that you have lifetime long-term clientele relation. But there are strategies, there are processes and systems that you need to consider to bring in as part of that culture. Those are things that we will cover as we go deeper into what exactly is relationship marketing and how to start how to leverage this body of knowledge to start and scale your business in 2026 and beyond. Be blessed. Remember to like, subscribe, and share so you will be the first to get these content that we are bringing to you on a regular basis.

- 5 Consumer Trends That Will Define 2026: What's Next in Social Media & More | GaryVee: Kind: captions Language: en five trends that are going to define 2026. Number one, the individual empire. As I think about the individual empire, I think we're at a tipping point to what my conversation started in 2008 around Crush It. Crush It came out in 2009. It was like, "Hey, you can cash in on your passion." Then there was Grape Story when I started the first influencer agency. Then there was Crushing It. And now we're in this world where it's very clear to people that being an influencer is a business in a way that it wasn't 18 years ago. But more importantly, I'm using the word empire. In 2008, I said you, all of you, and this is still real, can make 50 to $100,000 talking about ALF and the Smurfs and all that. Ask yourself, what do I want to do every day for the rest of my life? Do that. I promise you can monetize that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you love ALF, do an ALF blog. You collect smurfs, smurf it up. What I'm saying in 2026 is you can build an empire. Hey everybody, I know you're a minute into the video on YouTube. I'm not going to keep you long, but I've got to tell you about garyve.com. Stantore, an incredible tech stack for creator, entrepreneurs, and entrepreneurial creators is literally the tech stack based on what I wrote in Crush It and Crushing It and really the thing almost all of you are trying to build. So, if you are one of those people, go to the Gary Vee challenge that I've partnered up with this investment I made in Stan's store. I believe in this. I believe in it for you. You'll see why I love it. GaryVee.com/stan. Go check it out. Now, back to the video. We are talking about individuals now, not just making money from brand deals. But there are two macro things that are happening that are massive. The CPG and consumer product opportunity that the Kelsey brothers just raised at a $200 million valuation on. When you look at what's going on with uh Logan Paul and Jake Paul and their brands, especially Prime and KSI's brand, when you look at Charlie De'milio going for her popcorn, when you look at Emma Chamberlain and her coffee, when you look at all these ex the Poppy and Liquid Death, which is a little different, Poppy and Liquid Death were brands. And then the founders themselves went up and became the individual face similar a little bit to mine. I'm more business then. I became face then to business with Empathy Wines, which I did originally back then. And so it's similar to like building your brand on Instagram, but then going and standing up a Patreon substack, but in those scenarios, those platforms still take some of the action. When that's built on a decentralized server, not a centralized server, and not done by a platform that owns it, but by a platform that's decentralized, and you own all the money, you're maximizing all of your revenue and not sharing it. You will share with the places that give you the attention, Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, whatever it is. But where you're going to monetize, you're going to monetize in a decentralized way where you keep 100% of that dollar, not 90 or 80% of that dollar. Number two, Gen Alpha unplugging. This is so fun for me. I am completely convinced that young Gen Z, Gen Alpha that's coming next and very honestly probably all of Gen Z and maybe even Young Millennial are all understanding this is great but and more importantly and this is great and by the way I know you all want to demonize it. This is great. It's changed your life. I know we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on it but like how do you order food? How do you get a date? How do you like do a million things? This is great, but it's not the end all beall and we don't want to live like this 24/7 365. This and so the unplugging is just the pendulum swings in 2006 when I'm like this this this didn't exist and didn't have any of the market share. Now it's gotten so much and I think within the next decade and I think starting in 2026 you'll see more businesses like this. I've just talked about a business where you get paid to walk with people like literally walk with them. I think experiential music festivals, going outside, going to events, just going out and putting the phone away. So would everybody else. So it's here. If it's here for me, it's definitely here for the 15-year-olds that are coming up the game. Number two biggest trend in 2026, the unplugging of Gen Alpha, which is an indicator to the unplugging of every generation. Number three biggest trend of 2026 that no one sees, the underpriced attention, the monetization of random content. Let me explain. This is a weird one. And I'm excited about this. I think this is going to be the breakthrough for some people. When I wrote Crush It in 2009 or 2008 came out in09, it was like you can cash in on your passion. So if you're a hardcore Star Trek collector, if you really go crazy for two years on your blog at the time and on Twitter and Facebook and YouTube at the time, eventually you'll get to a place where you can get t-shirts sold, sponsorship, you can go speak at Star Track Con and all that stuff. What I'm saying here is very different. This is about where we are now in overall marketing and overall communication, which is we're now in the interest graph, not the social graph. We're now in a place where I, Gary, could tomorrow make my first ever piece of content around surfing ever. And even though all my followers do not follow me for surfing, the way the AI algorithms now work is when I post about surfing and why surfboards are good and why you should buy a surfboard for me or why this is a good surfboard or surf chalk or whatever the hell I learned about surfboards, that content is going to reach people that are in a high propensity interest of surfboards. Why is this important? I believe for everybody who's watching right now, if they started posting content of everything that they are interested in, everything, not passion, but passions, posted everything that's random to them. I just took up checkers and the first video is them learning how to play checkers. So, not only their passions, but their curiosities. The rise of curiosity content. You're curious, you're exploring, you're on training wheels, but you're learning. My brother AJ does not know how to ride a bike. I probably said that because I think it's funny. But if he started making content as a 39year-old man about his journey on learning to ride a bike, here is my belief of the world we now live in. For many of you, these random random pieces of social content become the first indicator to a massive financial and happiness opportunity. The monetization of random content. You post something funny about sunflower seeds because you spit one out on your friend and you're like, "That's funny. Let's make another one." And you find yourself six months later getting $5,000 from a sunflower seed brand to do content. It's about a very simple concept, which is why not? Why not post something random all the time that you're genuinely interested in? You're not watching this video and you're just going random for the sake of random because you believe I'm right. Though honestly, that's probably not a bad idea either. But obviously, if it's grounded in truth and authenticity, it's going to work better. When all of you start putting out more random content, when that post gets three million views, it opens up the opportunity for you to build on top of it. Now, you might not be able to. You get inspired by me in this video and you eat a pickle and you put out a video about pickles and it hits and it gets [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] three million views. And now you're even getting DMs from people like, "What do you know about pickles and you want to do a pickle and you want to come to the pickle festival?" You might be like, I don't and honestly I don't care and honestly I have nothing else to contribute. Like I'm I'm very surface level. I just eat pickles. A the Rizzler just says ridiculous things and makes a face. Like there's a lot of people that have made full careers about ridiculous things. Um the where's the beef lady in the 80s was like she said where's the beef? That was her career. So you could be a random spokesman or something of that nature. But if you keep it authentic, if it's something you really know about or it's something you want to know about, it actually allows you to build in depth, not just randomness. And so your random thing becomes the documentation of your journey, which then becomes your monetizable framework of content. It's a left field thought that I think a lot of people are going to struggle with grasping. I myself am in my journey of like really getting this narrative down, but it's very clear to me. Do I believe it's in the vested interest of all of you posting way more often on TikTok, completely random stuff that is grounded in things that you really know about or things that you're curious about? The answer is yes. Let me give you, if you just got motivated by that, let me give you the list of what you need to do. You know, if you're going to go down the random play in social, make sure your bios in your Tik Tok and Instagram are really tight and awesome, meaning email, phone number, like knowing that people are going to randomly see something because don't forget there's a whole left field thing here. You're a lawyer that wants or you're a a golf trainer. You train people golf lessons. You give golf lessons. You start putting out things about pumpkins. You start putting out things about um wet hair. you start putting out things about um porcupines. This is random ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When your porcupine video gets three million, people are going to land on your account. If they see that you're a professional golf expert and you do golf lessons and you have an email there and a phone number, of the three million people that see your porcupine video, nine of them are looking for golf lessons. So, this gets very practical of just general awareness, relevance on an individual thing you connect on. Some of you liked me because we're both sad Jet fans, right? But then when you needed four years later some wine or you needed an agency, you went to me because we're Jet fans. Somebody loves porcupines. They love your video. They may choose you to do the golf lesson. So there's two things. Your career might be about porcupines because you decided to go down that path. Or it became a gateway drug to your service or your business because you want on interest in a micro moment, not a macro moment. Your profile's got to be tight. Number four on my 2026 trends underpriced opportunities, the rise and continued rise of the continent of Africa. The numbers are staggering when you look at how much youth of our overall population in a decade will be in the continent of Africa. When you're worldly enough to interact with many of the incredible young talent from these countries, when you understand that the way the world turns is every continent gets its time. Many of us who are in my age group watch the rise of Asia and the rise of the Middle East. It is very clear that Africa as a continent is absolutely the big winner of the next 20, 30, 40 years. And for many of you watching, this should open up the aperture. Do you have relatives there and you're like, "Wait a minute, Gary, you're saying that I can actually grow my like my professional careers growth is actually from my grandparents and cousins that live in Kenya or Nigeria." I'm like, "Yes, that is exactly what I'm saying. The opportunity there is extraordinary. both doing business there and two understanding how amazing the raw firepower of the young talent is in that country from an intellect and hunger standpoint again follow what I'm saying here similar to what we saw in India and Japan and China and overall Asia and the Middle East over the last 25 30 40 years here in the west and Europe and the US so huge opportunities the cultural impact I don't have to tell anybody that follows music we've already seen any early indications just like we saw Latin music massively impact the US over the last 25 years we've already been seeing African music impact top hits in the US African influencers the culture the food the sport and it goes both ways just like you're seeing manga and anime and Asian culture massively impact the west the west has massively always because of the Hollywood machine in America impacted the East. The opportunity in Africa is very clear. You have to understand it. It's either direction. You're 23 and you want an adventure. And forget about even relatives. You're like a white boy in Kansas and you're like, I'm an entrepreneur. Wait, Gary's saying Africa. I'm saying Africa. So doing business. And obviously Africa is a massive continent. Ma, in fact, it's so much bigger than you think because it's misrepresented on the globe. And obviously every country has its geopolitical stuff, its entrepreneurial opportunities. Some are great, some are not great. really no different than Europe or anywhere else. But overall, the impact's enormous. The basketball culture, both the African Basketball League, but the talent coming, Nigeria's athletes starting to penetrate the NFL in a massive way. Like, do I believe that? Yes, I do. Does it take patience? Yes, it does. Is that how great businesses are sometimes built? For damn sure. Africa's impact massive. Opportunities massive in both directions. Number five on big opportunities in 2026, alternative sports. This has been massive for me. I've been following esports for a long time. We represent a bunch of esports, mongrel clicks, and all these great athletes in Vader Sports. Obviously, I got involved in pickle ball early on. That's been very fruitful. I'm obsessed with what's going on with whiffle ball, padell, uh, threeon-ree, the big three, and rivaled basketball, both men's and women's. I've had my hands deep in this. Obviously, many of you know my long-term ambition to own the New York Jets. Um, Mondays in the fall are tough for me. I'm very upset right now. I'm filming this on a Monday after a tough loss. But what's very clear to me is that this is going to keep going. I'm involved in slam ball as well. Like, this is going to keep going. I had a conversation a few months ago about bowling. Like, I'm like, "Oo, I like that." Uh, the rise of UFC and esports in the last 30 years, very clear. Do you think these exhibition fighting matches between Tyson and Jake Paul and Mayweather and Paul and Paul and Paul and like do you think these things would work if social and YouTube didn't exist? Nobody would care. Nobody would watch. So it goes from YouTube to Netflix. This is going to continue to happen. This is the device that's changed the world as we talked about. And there's going to be room for more sports, more sports. And basketball and football and baseball and soccer were invented by human beings. There's a kid right now watching this right now on YouTube who actually got inspired by my rant and is going to actually invent the next hockey, basketball, and football and in 53 years will reference this video. And that makes me feel good. I hope I'm alive to get those flowers. The rise of alternative sports because of how the media landscape has changed is firm. All of you need to look into it and it changes absolutely everything. and number six for 2026 because I decided you'll have to wait for a special video in the future. Thanks for watching. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuddiSaini-u3l [60 likes]: Gary's insights resonate! I'm leveraging createthis to compile all these spontaneous content ideas effectively.
  2. @AghalyaVelayudham-c4p [1 likes]: the rise of the individual empire sounds wild
  3. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is how you actually execute on the content-first strategy Gary always talks about. 🎯
  4. @charismaszn: its great to see Gary talk about Africa in this video. As a Nigerian fashion brand, it will be amazing to start collaborating with fashion entrepreneurs around the world. Can’t wait! 🇳🇬 🇳🇬🔥🔥
  5. @klassiqLuxe: From Nigeria and yes he's right 👍
  6. @mohajeramir: This man has great vocabulary
  7. @joeybensah2956: So do we open a separate channel / handle for each specialization, interest / curiosity? OR do we just post random stuff on the same channel/ handle?
  8. @redeclipseprojects674: Sounds great, not such an easy task
  9. @healthwithAI-7G: Nice video
  10. @ElleTheodosia: I learned something new today, thanks!
  11. @luzbel9717: If I were to start from scratch, what platform should I be posting on? Should I start a blog on a website and connect it to instagram or Tik Tok?
  12. @Frisbeetennis: You are always informative ,  never dull,  offering as much utility as a STOP sign.  Fewest words giving maximum insight.
  13. @MiichelleMariie1221: 🩵🩵🩵 Been a fan since 2010… thanks Gary!
  14. @JocobsComments: I’m confused you made this vid three months ago:
  15. @Drewton81: Surfer here. It’s surf wax Gary hahahha not chalk❤
  16. @arandomartlover: Thank you for creating and sharing these thoughtful and informative videos. Your analysis is clear, logical, and very well balanced. I truly appreciate the effort you put into producing such valuable content.
  17. @farmerjeffmays9858: Always Valuable Content 💰
  18. @mustafamuafaq: Love it Gary
  19. @jaypansuriya7231: the individual empire thing is so true, love it
  20. @MR_KING-h2y: the rise of individual empire is so true

- Germany: The discreet lives of the super rich | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: id Jerman super kaya. Tidak ada negara Eropa lain yang memiliki miliarder sebanyak Jerman. Dan sementara kekayaan mereka bertambah, semakin banyak orang Jerman hidup di bawah garis kemiskinan yang ditetapkan Organisasi untuk Kerjasama Ekonomi dan Pembangunan OECD. Pers sering melaporkan tingginya ketidaksetaraan pendapatan negara itu dan mobilitas sosial yang rendah. Tetapi sedikit yang diketahui tentang orang super kaya. Tentu uang menarik sukses dan sukses menarik uang. Saya percaya itu. Saya telah alami sendiri bagaimana Anda tiba-tiba bisa terhubung dengan orang-orang yang sebelumnya tidak terjangkau. Siapakah orang-orang super kaya Jerman? Bagaimana mereka hidup? Dan bagaimana mereka melihat negara tempat mereka tinggal? Cara orang-orang kaya di Jerman dibicarakan mengganggu saya, karena itu sensasional dan memalukan, dan sama sekali tidak mencerminkan apa yang telah dilakukan orang kaya, dan terus dilakukan, untuk negara ini. Ini menciptakan kesan orang kaya seperti Paman Gober Bebek. Bahwa mereka punya gudang uang tempat mereka berendam dalam koin mereka. Paman Gober ingin lebih, lebih, lebih banyak! Itu bukan dunia saya. Saya suka mendapatkan uang, tapi bukan berenang di dalamnya. Kami ingin menilik lebih dekat dunia terpisah orang ultrakaya di Jerman - para pemilik dan pewaris perusahaan bernilai miliaran. Kami ingin mengetahui apa yang memotivasi mereka yang berada di peringkat puncak dunia. PERINGKAT PUNCAK DUNIA Kehidupan Tersendiri Para Super Kaya Film karya Florian Opitz Setiap tahun sebuah acara eksklusif berlangsung di Schlosshotel Kronberg dekat Frankfurt, di mana publik tidak diundang. Itu adalah malam "Hall of Fame" tahunan, untuk majalah bulanan Manager Magazine. Hampir tidak ada acara lain di Jerman yang menarik begitu banyak pemilik bisnis kaya. Para moderator yang terhormat, anggota dewan juri yang baik, hadirin yang terhormat, Selamat datang di Hall of Fame Manager Magazine. Ketika kami pertama kali membentuk Hall of Fame pada tahun 1992, kami ingin mengambil sikap untuk keunggulan dan kewirausahaan tanpa syarat, dan melawan hal yang bersifat pengecut dan rata-rata. Kami memulai nominasi kami hari ini dengan Ralph Dommermuth. Perusahaannya, United Internet, bernilai sekitar 11 miliar dan pada daftar kami untuk orang terkaya di Jerman, ia di peringkat ke-25 dengan kekayaan pribadi sebesar 4,5 miliar Euro. Secara kolektif para tamu pada malam yang elegan ini bernilai miliaran Euro. Inilah wajah kekayaan di Jerman: terutama pria. Dan meskipun kami dekat dengan orang super kaya di sini, dunia mereka entah bagaimana tetap tidak terjangkau. Hamburg, rumah bagi induk perusahaan Manager Magazine, Grup Spiegel. Hampir tidak ada publikasi yang melaporkan tentang orang-orang Jerman yang ultrakaya. Setiap tahun tim majalah itu mengumpulkan informasi tentang orang kaya Jerman dan - menggunakan model Forbes - membuat edisi khusus dengan daftar 1001 orang terkaya Jerman. Ini pekerjaan yang susah payah. Berapa miliarder yang ada di sana sekarang? 180 hingga 190? Tahun lalu 136, betul? Tidak. Tahun lalu ada sekitar 170. 170, oke. Siapa yang ingin masuk dalam daftar 1001 orang Jerman terkaya kami, perlu memiliki sekitar 100 juta. Itu tidak harus berupa uang di bank. Kebanyakan orang memilikinya sebagai aset atau sebagai properti. Tapi itulah stadion yang kami cari untuk berada dalam daftar orang-orang Jerman terkaya kami. Pemimpin redaksi Steffen Klusmann telah berada di sekitar orang Jerman ultrakaya selama bertahun-tahun. Apa yang diperlukan untuk masuk dalam daftar? Saya akan mengatakan, 150 tempat teratas dalam daftar kami akan selalu menjadi milik pemilik perusahaan dan ahli waris. Bahkan jika Anda seorang dokter kepala, Anda harus melihat banyak pasien untuk menjadi miliarder. Manajer juga mengalami kesulitan untuk mencapai setinggi itu. Di sini, di Jerman ada perdebatan tentang apakah kepala perusahaan DAX berpenghasilan terlalu banyak. Tapi jika Anda membandingkannya dengan orang-orang pada posisi serupa di AS, Inggris atau Cina dapatkan, itu sangat kecil. Jadi itu saja tidak akan pernah bisa membuat orang menjadi salah satu yang benar-benar ultrakaya. Membuat daftar orang terkaya, terutama sangat sulit di Jerman. Itu bukan karena jumlah mereka kurang. Dia entah bagaimana berhasil mengumpulkan kerajaan dan kekayaan besar ini hanya dalam beberapa tahun. Kekayaannya diperkirakan sekitar empat miliar. Dia adalah orang Jerman super kaya paling tidak dikenal. Apa dia akan membiarkan kita mewawancarainya di rumah? Mereka lebih suka terbang di bawah radar untuk menghindari rasa iri. Orang super kaya tidak suka membicarakan dirinya sendiri, begitu bisa dikatakan. Ya, Anda biasanya hanya bisa mendapatkan wawancara di rumah dengan mereka yang berada di liga kedua. Di sana Anda akan selalu mendapatkan orang yang menyukai publisitas. Seperti Bapak Maschmeyer misalnya. Mendapat foto bagus dari Bapak Maschmeyer tidak pernah menjadi masalah. Tetapi "uang" yang asli tetap menyembunyikan diri. Orang super kaya mencoba untuk tidak menarik perhatian. Kadang-kadang mereka bahkan mencoba bersembunyi. Beberapa orang tidak ada fotonya dalam daftar kami. Anda tak akan temukan satu gambar pun jika Anda pergi online dan mencari mereka di Google. Belum ada foto Reimann, keluarga terkaya Jerman, untuk beberapa dekade. Banyak yang tetap bersembunyi karena mereka ingin menjalani hidup normal dan berpikir mereka tidak akan bisa melakukan itu jika mereka dikenal sebagai multimiliarder. Selama berbulan-bulan permintaan wawancara kami ditolak, pengambilan gambar film yang disetujui dibatalkan pada menit terakhir. Tidak ada dari orang kaya yang mau berbicara dengan kami tentang uang. Akhirnya, kami beruntung di pusat keuangan Frankfurt. Di sini, di lokasi utama yang terletak di belakang menara-menara bank, terdapat perusahaan manajemen aset Focam. Focam mengelola kekayaan keluarga bisnis Jerman. Pimpinannya, Christian von Bechtolsheim, memberi sejumlah wawasan mengapa orang-orang Jerman yang kaya, sangat pemalu. Banyak orang Jerman yang kaya enggan melangkah keluar ke mata publik karena mereka khawatir mereka dapat dilihat secara negatif. Mereka bertanya pada diri sendiri: ‘apa yang saya peroleh dari menunjukkan diri kepada publik? Itu tidak memberi saya apa pun. Sebaliknya, itu bisa menyebabkan orang gila memperhatikan dan membobol rumah saya atau menculik salah satu anak saya.’ Dan ketakutan itu bukan tanpa alasan. Lalu, ada juga fakta bahwa banyak ahli waris yang mewarisi kekayaan, yang entah bagaimana dinodai oleh atau terkait dengan Jerman NAZI atau Reich Ketiga. Jajaran atas orang kaya Jerman menghindari publisitas seolah-olah itu wabah. Tapi apa yang begitu mereka takutkan? Saya bertanya kepada sejumlah teman saya apakah mereka mau diwawancarai untuk film ini, dan masing-masing mengatakan tidak. Kata mereka, ‘orang lain bisa melakukannya lebih baik dibanding saya, saya tak bisa melakukan dengan benar, saya mungkin akan membuat salah.’ Mereka pikir mereka memiliki lebih banyak kerugian daripada manfaat. Setelah banyak bolak-balik dengan tim persnya, seorang Jerman ultrakaya, setuju untuk bertemu kami. Michael Otto adalah Ketua Dewan Pengawas Grup Otto dan salah satu dari sepuluh orang Jerman terkaya. Kami bertanya kepadanya mengapa orang Jerman enggan memamerkan kekayaan mereka. Banyak yang khawatir hal itu akan menimbulkan kecemburuan. Di Amerika Serikat, prestasi dan kekayaan dilihat secara sangat positif. Tapi di sini mereka membawa sisa rasa pahit: ‘Dari mana kekayaannya berasal atau bagaimana dia memperoleh kekayaannya?’ Itu membuat sejumlah orang takut. Saya pikir banyak orang merasa kekayaan mereka sendiri agak memuakkan. Saya sama sekali tidak. Saya suka itu. Dirk Rossmann besar dalam kondisi miskin. Ibunya mengelola toko obat kecil di Hannover pasca perang. Putranya memiliki rencana yang lebih besar. Tahun 1972, gagasan untuk membuka toko produk kesehatan swalayan pertama di Jerman muncul padanya. Hari ini, dia multimiliarder. Mengapa dia senang menjadi sorotan? Pada tahun-tahun awal itu hanya tentang menempatkan nama Rossmann di luar sana. Jadi ketika saya diundang ke sebuah acara talk-show di acara regional kecil, saya suka pergi karena saya berpikir: "publisitas gratis untuk perusahaan saya". Tetapi dua atau tiga tahun yang lalu saya mulai memahami bahwa pria yang sedikit botak ini, yang giginya tidak sempurna, haus akan pengakuan bagi dirinya sendiri. Kala itu saya pikir saya memasuki pusat perhatian untuk mempromosikan perusahaan. Namun semua orang merasionalkan motif mereka, dan saya juga. Dalam empat puluh tahun, Rossmann menjadi rantai drugstore paling mencetak laba di Eropa, dengan toko-toko di enam negara. Pada 2018, total 56 ribu orang bekerja untuk rantai drugstore itu. Rossmann aktif di bidang bisnis lain juga, dan ia berspekulasi di pasar saham. Masukkan 10.000 lagi...Tepat. Batasnya 36,75 ... Oke, terima kasih. Sampai jumpa. Saya punya beberapa investasi ekuitas pribadi. Yang terbesar bernilai antara 80 dan 100 juta, tergantung pada harga bursa. Jadi itu angka yang adil. Dan kemudian ada juga andil saham... di berbagai industri. Untuk merinci itu semua akan membosankan. Anda masih masuk kategori UKM - Usaha Kecil Menengah. Mengapa menurut Anda begitu? Saya tidak begitu tahu. Dengan 55.000 karyawan, Anda bukan lagi perusahaan menengah. Anda berada di liga lain. Kami kembali ke Manager Magazine di Hamburg di mana foto-foto untuk edisi khusus sedang dipilih. Daftar orang-orang Jerman terkaya mencakup banyak pemilik perusahaan dari apa yang disebut bisnis kelas menengah. Ini adalah kekhasan Jerman. Dan itu bukan satu-satunya. Kisah sampul untuk topik saat ini adalah tahun lalu, terjadi hujan uang pada orang super kaya Jerman. Di atas sini kita memiliki Schaeffler, ibu pemimpin dan putranya: yang kini ia memiliki 80 persen, sang ibu hanya memegang 20. Schaeffler telah berada di puncak daftar kami selama bertahun-tahun. Saya harus memeriksa dengan tepat berapa nilainya, tapi sekitar 20 miliar, ditambah atau dikurangi sedikit. Di bawah sini kita memiliki Ibu Bagel-Trah, kepala klan Henkel. Ia orang nomor satu, dan sejauh ini satu-satunya wanita yang menjadi Ketua Dewan Pengawas pada satu dari 30 perusahaan DAX. Ekonomi Jerman masih sangat didominasi oleh pria. Yang menarik adalah jika Anda membandingkan daftar kami di sini, dengan daftar orang yang sangat kaya di Amerika Serikat, kami memiliki banyak uang lama; perusahaan lama yang telah berdiri selama beberapa dekade. Di Amerika Serikat, Anda memiliki semua pemuda - mulai dari Facebook, Google, Snapchat, dsb - yang telah menggelembung ke bagian atas daftar. Kami tidak memiliki hal semacam itu di sini. Dan dibandingkan dengan negara lain, Jerman sangat segan menunjukkan kekayaan mereka. Sangat sedikit orang Jerman yang berlayar dengan kapal seperti ini. Biasanya itu orang Amerika, Rusia, Cina, dan sebagainya. Di sini Anda tidak menunjukkan uang Anda. Anda mungkin punya berbagai rumah, villa, dan lainnya. Tapi paling mungkin ada Volkswagen yang diparkir di depan rumah. Tampaknya, rata-rata orang ultrakaya Jerman jarang mencolok. Tidak seperti di Amerika Serikat, atlet, aktor dan tokoh televisi, jarang masuk dalam daftar Jerman. Meskipun kami berusaha sepenuh hati dan tenaga memprediksi kekayaan ini, jumlahnya mungkin jauh lebih besar. Terutama jika kita berbicara tentang real estate perkotaan, di mana harga-harga telah meledak selama 10 tahun terakhir. Banyak orang menggandakan aset properti mereka. Jadi, jika Anda mulai dengan lima miliar di pasar itu, Anda mungkin memiliki 10 atau 15 miliar hari ini. Uang menghasilkan uang! Tapi sementara kekayaan orang Jerman kaya telah meledak sejak krisis keuangan - karena kenaikan nilai real estate, saham dan aset - mereka yang berpenghasilan rata-rata harus menelan kerugian. Bahkan lembaga ekonomi liberal pun prihatin tentang ketimpangan sosial di Jerman. Bagaimana orang super kaya melihat perbedaan ini? Judul berita di koran berbunyi: "Orang kaya semakin kaya dan semakin kaya." Yang adalah benar. Orang kaya semakin kaya. Itu adalah benar. Tapi itu juga salah. Ada 20 juta warga di Jerman, yang memiliki aset bernilai antara 100.000 hingga satu juta. Jadi jutaan orang menjadi semakin kaya. Sekarang, orang kaya semakin kaya bahkan lebih cepat, karena salah satu faktor mungkin mereka bisa mendedikasikan lebih banyak waktu untuk menambah kekayaan mereka. Sahra Wagenknecht dari partai Kiri mungkin akan berkata: "pisahkan kekayaan Anda!" Tapi respons saya adalah saya juga berbuat hal bagi dunia tempat saya tinggal, saya tidak hanya mengambil. Meskipun saya bukan seorang sosialis. Saya hanya dapat melakukan hal-hal karena saya memiliki 'hal-hal'. Michael Otto adalah salah satu orang kaya yang kekayaannya meningkat. Ia berhasil mengalihkan bisnis pesanan lewat paketnya menjadi perusahaan digital. Lebih dari dua puluh perusahaan sekarang milik grup Otto. Kami ingin tahu bagaimana Otto melihat debat tentang kaya dan miskin. Apakah yang kaya memahami kekhawatiran yang miskin? Saat orang-orang membahas orang-orang di atas yang tidak mengerti mereka yang di bawah, saya tidak akan mengatakan itu berlaku untuk saya. Karena saya tidak dilahirkan kaya. Saya datang ke Hamburg sebagai pengungsi dari Prusia Barat dan ayah saya harus memulai dari awal. Itu sebabnya saya benar-benar mengerti orang yang hidup dalam kemiskinan saat ini. Di sisi lain, saya juga mengatakan jika Jerman mendapatkan semakin banyak jutawan, artinya orang-orang dengan usaha kecil atau menengah - karena umumnya para jutawan itu membangun bisnis yang mereka jalankan sekarang - maka saya pikir itu hebat. Karena mereka adalah orang-orang yang menciptakan pekerjaan. Bagi saya, itu yang penting dalam perdebatan ini. Kita harus berfokus pada hal itu, dan bukan kaya versus miskin. Memastikan bahwa kekayaan keluarga kaya dapat meningkat meskipun tingkat bunga nol persen saat ini adalah misi perusahaan Christian von Bechtolsheim. ...Terima kasih atas undangannya. Untuk mengubah sedikit nuansa secara singkat... Setiap hari, ia dan karyawannya mengirimkan peluang investasi dari bank dan entitas lain yang diberikan secara eksklusif kepada kliennya yang kaya. Ini adalah cara untuk menyajikan penawaran kepada beberapa klien yang berharga dan Focam. Adilkah orang-orang kaya Jerman bisa menambah kekayaannya, sementara penduduk lainnya tertinggal di belakang? Saya pikir sulit untuk menerapkan istilah seperti kesamaan dan keadilan dalam hal distribusi kekayaan. Saya akan berkata, di sini di Jerman kami lebih baik daripada sebelumnya, dan orang-orang di sini hidup dalam keadaan di atas rata-rata. Bagaimana pun, kami harus memastikan kesenjangan antara kaya dan miskin tidak menjadi terlalu lebar, karena kami tidak ingin konflik sosial seperti di Amerika Serikat atau Amerika Latin terjadi di sini. Perusahaan von Bechtolsheim Focam, adalah apa yang disebut 'multi-family office'. Family office mengurus kebutuhan keluarga yang sangat kaya, mengelola dan meningkatkan aset mereka. Baru ada gunanya untuk menggunakan jasa family office jika kekayaan Anda berada di atas 30 juta Euro. Siapa yang mampu membayar hal seperti itu? Nah, family office seperti milik kami jelas tidak dapat membicarakan klien-kliennya. Kami memiliki keluarga-keluarga bisnis Jerman yang terkenal. Itu adalah profil khas klien kami. Seseorang yang adalah atau pernah menjadi pemilik perusahaan berpikir berbeda dengan seseorang yang menempuh hidupnya sebagai karyawan. Atau mereka adalah keluarga yang sudah lama memiliki uang, jadi kekayaan bisa dikatakan ada dalam gen mereka. Dan kemudian ada keluarga, yang baru saja memasuki kekayaan mereka - yang masih memompa dengan energi kewirausahaan. Mereka biasanya sangat berbeda dari ahli waris. Rainer Schaller tampaknya memiliki banyak energi wirausaha ini. Perusahaannya adalah McFit, rantai studio kebugaran terbesar di Eropa. Kantor pusatnya berada di pabrik roti tua di Berlin. Rainer Schaller memulai itu dari kecil. Tapi hari ini, kekayaannya bernilai 250 juta Euro. Saya lahir di dekat Bamberg dan besar di sebuah desa kecil. Biasanya di desa, Anda melakukan olahraga yang tersedia, dan ketika saya berusia sekitar 15, 16 tahun, panutan saya adalah Arnold Schwarzenegger dan Stallone. Itulah mengapa saya masuk ke dunia fitness. Schaller lulus sekolah menengah lalu menyelesaikan magang wiraniaga, dan menjadi manajer tiga supermarket. Kemudian dia memutuskan untuk memulai sesuatu yang baru. Ketika saya berusia 25 tahun saya memutuskan untuk beralih ke industri jasa kebugaran. Ide saya adalah membuka pusat kebugaran di mana semua orang bisa berlatih, terlepas dari penghasilannya. Itu ide awalnya. Dan saya punya tujuan besar. Saya ingin menjadi orang nomor satu di Eropa. Tapi hanya itu yang saya miliki, saya tidak memiliki biaya. Saat itu tahun 1997 ketika Schaller membuka studio kebugaran pertamanya di Würzburg dekat dengan desa asalnya. Ia memanfaatkan sejumlah metode yang tidak biasa. Würzburg adalah langkah besar bagi saya. Saya membuka studio kebugaran pertama saya di sana dengan slogan "Sekarang juga di Würzburg!" yang dilihat orang sebagai lelucon pemasaran. Karena konsumen datang kepada saya dan bertanya di mana lagi kami memiliki studio. Jadi saya memikirkannya dan membuat lelucon pemasaran berikutnya: "Segera juga di Erlangen." Itu berhasil dan juga menempatkan saya di jalur pergi dari Würzburg ke Erlangen. Dan kemudian itu berkembang dari sana. Sepuluh tahun kemudian Rainer Schaller mencapai tujuannya. Dia Nomor Satu di Eropa dan masih terus berekspansi. McFit sekarang memiliki 10 perusahaan jasa kebugaran serta agensi modelnya sendiri. Sementara itu Schaller bersiap-siap untuk membuka studio kebugaran di Amerika Serikat. Menjadi Nomor 1 jauh lebih mudah daripada tetap Nomor 1. Saya pikir jika Anda ingin sukses, Anda harus menjadi sedikit binatang alfa dalam diri Anda. Investor mungkin akan memilih merek dan berkata, “Oke, itu bisa berhasil. Saya suka,” meskipun mungkin dua langkah terlalu jauh bagi banyak orang. Tetapi jika seseorang tidak ingin terlibat dengan kami karena itu, apa masalahnya! Saya yakin, hal yang lebih mudah bagi Anda jika Anda telah berjuang sampai ke puncak dan meraih kesuksesan. Klien merasakannya, dan begitu juga mitra-mitra. Saya pikir itu situasi kami. Itulah sebabnya saya juga bisa membayangkan seseorang yang mewarisi sesuatu, atau mengambil alih - atau bahkan harus mengambil alih perusahaan pada generasi kedua atau ketiga - akan memiliki waktu yang jauh lebih sulit. Tetapi ada banyak ahli waris di Jerman. Kekayaan besar dan ribuan perusahaan telah diwariskan dari satu generasi ke generasi berikutnya. Ada ahli waris yang tidak mau, dan lainnya, yang tidak boleh mengambil alih bisnis orang tua mereka. Penerus memiliki makna sangat penting di antara mereka yang terkaya di Jerman. Michael Otto mewarisi perusahaan pengiriman barang lewat paket dari ayahnya dan secara sukses mengelolanya. Akan lebih sulit bagi anak-anak saya, karena kini Grup Otto memiliki 123 perusahaan di lebih dari 30 negara. Saya mengenal setiap perusahaan, apakah karena saya terlibat ketika itu didirikan atau karena saya memimpin negosiasi pengambilalihan. Tapi anak-anak saya belum mengenal banyak perusahaan. Anak-anak Otto memilih menentang penerusan secara langsung. Saya pikir penting untuk memberi anak-anak pilihan, tanpa menekan mereka, jadi Anda tidak memaksa mereka memasuki sebuah peran. Saya pikir kesalahan itu sering terjadi dan saya katakan itu buruk bagi anak-anak dan perusahaan. Jadi sekarang kita punya satu titik penjualan? Burgwedel? Apa kamu agak lelah? Ya. Sudah beberapa hari ini melelahkan. Dalam 10 menit saya akan fit lagi. Itu hanya 'bum, bum, bum'. Dirk Rossmann juga menghabiskan waktu lama mempertimbangkan siapa akan menjadi penggantinya. Itu sekarang sudah diputuskan. Raoul Rossmann, yang lebih muda dari dua putranya, akan mengambil alih sebagai pimpinan rantai drugstore. Raoul, apa kita menjual banyak benang wol? Itu bukan secara tepat bagian dari kisaran drugstore. Trennya sudah berlalu. Itu besar pada tahun 2016, sudah menurun tahun 2017, dan itu mengalami stagnasi pada 2018. Tapi bukan produk terburuk yang kita punya dan masih memasukkan sejumlah pendapatan. Ayah Raoul harus menunjukkan kepadanya daya tarik untuk menjadi penanggung jawab. Saat anak-anak itu semakin dilibatkan, saya pikir 'oh kini kita tidak bisa melihat seolah-olah bisnis drugstore hanya tentang menghasilkan uang.' Jadi saya tunjukkan kepada mereka kami juga aktif dalam masalah sosial, di Afrika dan sebagainya. Saya selalu tunjukkan pada putra-putra saya, apa yang kami lakukan bukan hanya menghasilkan uang, ini juga tentang bertanggung jawab atas orang lain. Ketika masih kecil saya ingin menjadi sutradara film. Itu selalu impian saya. Masih hari ini. Saya selalu berpikir, tidak, saya tidak ingin dia menjadi sutradara. Saya ingin dia ada di perusahaan... Jadi saya berkata: Raoul, silakan dan jadilah sutradara. Tapi menjadi direktur perusahaan besar juga menyenangkan. Jadi saya sedikit memanipulasi dia. Saya sering ditanya apakah saya merasa bersaing dengan ayah saya. Dan tentu ia membangun perusahaan besar ini yang hanya akan saya ambil alih. Tapi sangat sulit untuk mempertahankan sesuatu saat ini. Periode pendirian memiliki tantangan tersendiri. Memiliki gagasan untuk mendirikan drugstore swalayan saja sudah hal yang sangat inovatif. Tapi perjuangan untuk bertahan hidup semakin sulit, dan itulah yang saya alami. Semua orang di keluarga saya ingin handal dalam olahraga. Ayah saya dan saya saling bertarung dalam tenis. Kami semua saling bersaing. Dan itu juga membentuk pandangan kami tentang kehidupan, atau setidaknya pandangan saya. Terlepas dari persaingan mereka, keluarga Rossmann mencapai kesepakatan harmonis terkait masalah penerus. Bermain melawan Raoul cukup sulit bagi saya. Saya biasanya lebih suka bermain ganda, itu lebih cocok untuk usia saya. Saya mulai khawatir sedikit tentang dirimu. Kamu cemas tentang saya? Raoul, dengan warisanmu saya tidak akan khawatir. Saya merasa lega dengan itu. Memilih ahli waris dan penerus biasanya tidak cukup damai seperti pada keluarga Rossmann. Christian von Bechtolsheim telah melihat banyak perselisihan warisan dalam keluarga kaya. Adalah tugasnya untuk melestarikan aset keluarga dan melindunginya dari segala macam bahaya. Mempertahankan kekayaan keluarga selama beberapa generasi adalah sangat sulit, karena ia terancam terbagi-bagi melalui warisan, dari perselisihan kekayaan, dari pengambilalihan, dari perang, atau hanya dari kebodohan. Kebanyakan keluarga akan mengalami satu atau semua ini terjadi pada mereka. Hanya segelintir keluarga yang berhasil bertahan kurang lebih selama berabad-abad, tapi mereka yang berada di atas telah berganti berkali-kali. Von Bechtolsheim berbicara dari pengalaman pribadi. Sejarah keluarganya sendiri sudah ada sejak 900 tahun yang lalu. Saya punya nama sangat panjang, setidaknya pada akte kelahiran saya. Ada enam nama yang diberikan: Christian, Lothar, Ludwig, Hugo, Wilhelm dan Maria - sebagai seorang Katolik yang baik. Diikuti oleh "Baron von Mauchenheim genannt Bechtolsheim." Tapi di tempat kerja saya biasanya dipanggil Bapak von Bechtolsheim dan di acara sosial Baron atau Lord Baron. Baron von Bechtolsheim adalah penerus tidak langsung dari Fugger, keluarga terkaya dalam sejarah Jerman. Kapan ‘kekayaan’ dimulai menurut Anda? Jika Anda menanyai saya kapan saya menganggap seseorang benar-benar kaya, saya akan mengatakan 100 juta ke atas. Saya sudah jelas tidak kaya. Tapi saya baik dan keluarga kami nyaman dan saya sudah pasti tidak mengeluh. Ketika Anda memiliki riwayat keluarga sepanjang yang saya miliki, keluarga Anda telah melihat segalanya. Hampir bangkrut... Tahun-tahun dibanjiri uang... dan tahun-tahun ketika banyak yang hilang. Dia membawa kami ke pondok berburu keluarga Bechtolsheim di Thüringen. Dikira pondok itu akan hilang selamanya selama pembagian Jerman. Rumah itu dibangun pada tahun 1892 sebagai pondok berburu untuk paman buyut saya. Ini sudah milik keluarga sejak itu, kecuali untuk interval singkat. Itu diambil alih pada tahun 1952, dan kemudian dikembalikan lagi pada 1992, dan sejak itu, saya pemiliknya. Pondok berburu keluarga selamat dari perampasan dan sosialisme tanpa banyak kerusakan. Hari ini, von Bechtolsheim juga memiliki ratusan hektar hutan di dekatnya dan secara teratur mengundang rekanan bisnis untuk berburu. Banyak dari trofi itu milik saya, tetapi beberapa juga berasal dari ayah saya. Dan beberapa dari kakek buyut saya. Macan tutul itu di bawah sana, saya tidak menembaknya. Itu yang menembak kakek buyut saya dan kemudian anjing saya mengunyah telinganya. Jadi dia tidak lagi memiliki kecantikan sebelumnya, tetapi itu terlalu berharga untuk tidak disimpan. Topik yang berulang dalam edisi khusus Manager Magazine adalah jaringan kerja orang super kaya. Ada jaringan kerja lebih besar dan lebih kecil, dan ada banyak dari mereka, dan sebagian besar bahkan kami jurnalis pun tidak mengetahuinya. Di masyarakat kelas atas ada hobi khas tertentu: pacuan kuda, hoki, sedikit tenis - meskipun itu untuk generasi lama. Mereka akan bertemu dalam box di stadion sepak bola utama, karena tentu saja mereka semua adalah penggemar sepakbola. Sepak bola hal sangat penting. Banyak jaringan kerja terjalin di sana. Itu seperti tempat pasar mereka. Mereka bergaul dan bertemu di sana lebih daripada apa yang disebut pesta untuk orang kaya. Ah...bodoh, bodoh, bodoh. Ya, bagus! Kami selalu ada banyak karyawan di sini dan kami punya banyak teman dalam box. Christian Pfeiffer ada di sini hari ini, pakar kriminologi paling terkenal di Jerman. Kadang-kadang Jogi Löw atau seseorang dari bidang politik mampir. Christian Wulff dan Bettina adalah bagian lingkaran teman dekat saya, jadi selalu ada banyak hal yang terjadi di sini. Di Berlin, Rainer Schaller membuka klub baru. Cabang baru dari kerajaan fitness-nya. Schaller juga telah menjadi anggota jaringan orang-orang penting dari industri olahraga, bisnis, dan hiburan. Kita belum saling menyapa, bukan? Rainer, halo. Memang benar itu lingkaran tertutup yang sulit untuk dimasuki. Saya berada di posisi yang berbeda sekarang. Hai Rainer, nah bagaimana kabarnya? Lama tidak bertemu. / Apa rencana minggu ini. Saya akan ke LA. Selamat, saya dengar kamu sudah memutuskan. LA dan San Francisco, minggu lalu. Sekarang pelaksanaannya. GOL!!!!!... Dirk Rossmann siap meninggalkan box-nya. Dia ingin merayakan kemenangan dengan temannya, miliarder dan pemilik perusahaan alat bantu dengar Martin Kind. Kind juga salah satu pemilik dan presiden Hannover 96. Ruangan atau box-nya, terletak di ujung lain area VIP eksklusif. Saya sudah katakan, kita akan menang hari ini. Saya katakan kepadanya jika kita tidak menang, dia akan bayar 10 juta. Itu taruhannya, betul? Tidak! Saya tidak pernah mengatakan itu. Ini dia... dua pria setengah baya yang layak... Jaringan kerja penting untuk bisnis. Tetapi apakah orang kaya juga memiliki pengaruh terhadap politik? Bisakah pengaruh politik dibeli di Jerman? Cara terbaik yang tersedia bagi orang kaya atau super kaya di Jerman untuk mengerahkan pengaruh adalah jumlah karyawan yang bekerja di perusahaan mereka. Seseorang yang memiliki perusahaan dengan 100.000 karyawan, atau katakanlah lebih sedikit, mungkin 15.000 karyawan, dapat pergi ke asosiasi bisnis dan berkata: "Baik, silakan dan sahkan undang-undang itu. Tapi itu akan merugikan saya." Atau argumen yang lebih baik adalah "itu akan membebani Anda 2.000 pekerjaan di daerah itu." Tapi tidak ada orang super kaya yang secara teratur menelepon menteri atau Ibu Merkel dan mengatakan apa yang perlu terjadi selanjutnya, hukum pajak mana yang mereka inginkan dan sebagainya. Bukan seperti itu hal yang terjadi di Jerman. Saya pindahkan ke kanan lagi, karena kita masih belum tahu apa masuk akal menempatkan teks di sebelah kanan, karena terlihat lebih baik. Klasik, penuh gaya. Batas waktu untuk topik khusus semakin dekat. Intinya adalah peringkat dari 1001 orang terkaya Jerman. Apa pendapat orang kaya tentang peringkat ini? Peringkat itu adalah untuk hiburan. Mereka dikumpulkan bersama, kadang-kadang menggunakan kutipan pasar saham, tapi mereka tidak dapat diandalkan dalam cara apa pun. Saya tidak terlalu memikirkan peringkat ini dan saya tidak ingin dimasukkan, sebab ini menciptakan kesan orang kaya ibaratnya Paman Gober Bebek. Fakta bahwa saya berada di peringkat teratas, termasuk orang Jerman terkaya, itu membuat saya merasa bangga. Saya akan membaca Manager Magazine sekali-sekali, tetapi saya tidak pernah membaca peringkatnya. Saya tidak tahu apa saya ada di dalamnya, saya tidak memerlukannya. Saya punya tujuan lain. Salah satunya adalah Rainer Schaller kini ingin membuka pusat kebugaran terbesar di dunia di negara bagian Nordrhein-Westfalen. Mirai adalah bahasa Jepang dan berarti 'masa depan.' Kami pikir ini sangat cocok untuk seluruh konsep dan visi. Karena apa yang ingin kita buat di sini benar-benar unik dan belum pernah dilakukan sebelumnya. Tujuan kami adalah menjadi pusat kebugaran dunia. Schaller berpikir ia menemukan lokasi yang sempurna untuk mewujudkan visinya di Oberhausen. Dia menyewa sebuah kompleks pabrik tua. Saat ini, tempatnya masih digunakan untuk membuat bagian-bagian baja. Tapi tidak lama, ribuan pelanggan akan berolahraga di sini. Pintu keluar darurat akan ada di sini, kantor-kantor di atas. Schaller mengalami pengalamannya yang paling traumatis hingga saat ini di kawasan tersebut. Tahun 2010, 21 orang tewas dan 54 lainnya cedera dalam kepanikan massal pada Love Parade di Duisburg. Schaller telah menjadi penyelenggara parade itu. Penyebab kepanikan masih belum ditentukan secara pasti. Bagaimana seorang pengusaha di jalur cepat menghadapi tragedi semacam itu? Kejadian seperti itu akan selalu menghantui Anda, selama sisa hidup Anda. Saya mendapat tanggung jawab moral. Saya penyelenggaranya. Jika saya dapat memutar kembali waktu, saya akan melakukannya segera, dengan skala apa yang terjadi. Tapi Anda tak bisa membuatnya tak terjadi. Anda harus mencoba menghadapi apa yang terjadi. Dirk Rossmann juga telah mengalami kemunduran dan krisis. Pada tahun 90-an kami berekspansi secara dramatis ke Republik Ceko, Hongaria dan Polandia. Saya juga berspekulasi di pasar saham agak terlalu banyak, dan mengabaikan perusahaan. Kemudian tahun 1996, kami tiba-tiba rugi 12 juta Deutsche Mark. Dan bank tidak bercanda jika Anda berutang sangat tinggi dan kemudian Anda membuat kerugian besar. Itu sangat kritis. Dan kemudian saya mengalami serangan jantung tahun ‘96. Tapi semua orang tahu dalam hidup bisa terjadi kesulitan. Dan keadaan menjadi sangat sulit ketika itu. Jadi saya menarik mundur semuanya, termasuk spekulasi saham. Saya menjual semuanya dan berpikir: Satu-satunya yang penting sekarang adalah meningkatkan bisnis drugstore Rossmann. Itu adalah langkah yang tepat, untuk berfokus pada satu hal dan tidak melakukan banyak hal yang berbeda. Rossmann muncul dari krisis itu lebih kuat dari sebelumnya. Dia mulai berspekulasi lagi. Tapi, dia meyakinkan kami, hanya dengan kekayaan pribadinya. Mari kita lihat di mana Gazprom berada... Saya tidak punya laptop. Saya biasanya melakukan ini melalui teks NTV 254... ini dia. Dikatakan Gazprom berada di 3,75. Saya sudah bisa menjualnya sekarang. Saya membeli 250 ribu dari itu. Jadi 250.000 x 20 cent, itu akan memberi saya untung 50 ribu Euro. Tapi saya tidak akan menjual, saya pikir itu akan naik menjadi empat Euro... Kadang-kadang berhasil, kadang tidak. Tapi saya menikmatinya. tidak bermain lotre, karena saya rasa itu membosankan. Dapatkah kekayaan besar juga menjadi beban? Saya mengatakan bahwa bagi kebanyakan orang, meskipun mereka tidak akan secara sukarela memberikan uang mereka, fakta bahwa mereka ingin uang itu tumbuh dapat menjadi beban. Mereka dikendalikan oleh aset mereka sendiri. Misalnya untuk pindah ke Swiss atau ke suatu tempat untuk menghemat pajak, dan melepaskan seluruh lingkaran teman-teman mereka, dan pada dasarnya menjadi budak kekayaan mereka. Menurut pendapat saya, itu tidak masuk akal mengingat kondisi yang saat ini kami miliki di Jerman. Kondisi di Jerman saat ini lebih menguntungkan daripada sebelumnya bagi orang kaya. Mereka membayar pajak jauh lebih sedikit daripada yang mereka lakukan 25 tahun yang lalu. Hanya sebagian kecil yang masih merasa terdorong untuk beremigrasi ke luar negeri. Pasal 14 Konstitusi Jerman berbunyi: “Properti mensyaratkan kewajiban. Penggunaannya juga akan bermanfaat bagi publik.” Apakah orang kaya di Jerman memenuhi tanggung jawab ini? Saya pikir penting jika Anda berhasil, jika Anda cukup beruntung telah mencapai tingkat kemakmuran dan kekayaan tertentu, untuk memberikan kembali sesuatu kepada masyarakat. Bagi saya, itu sudah pasti. Michael Otto adalah salah satu donor terbesar Jerman. Uangnya membantu mendanai sektor lingkungan, budaya, dan sosial. Seperti kebanyakan orang kaya, ia lebih suka memutuskan sendiri untuk apa ia membelanjakan uangnya, daripada menyerahkannya pada negara. Otto seperti orang-orang kaya Jerman lainnya menyumbang jutaan untuk pembangunan Elbphilharmonie di Hamburg. Di Jerman, orang kaya suka menyumbang, dan ini membuat kontribusi penting bagi masyarakat dan kehidupan publik. Tapi secara umum, mereka menentang usul mendistribusikan kembali kekayaan lewat pajak lebih tinggi Jika bisnis akan memenuhi semua tuntutan dari katakanlah Ibu Wagenknecht dari Partai Kiri, maka jutaan orang akan bahagia dan segalanya akan baik untuk sementara. Karena jutaan orang akan memiliki lebih banyak uang. Tapi pembagian kembali kekayaan yang sejati tak pernah membawa keadilan sosial lebih besar dalam jangka panjang, tidak dalam sistem politik mana pun yang telah mencobanya. Itu menyebabkan pemiskinan negara-negara ini. Christian von Bechtolsheim melihat pajak lebih tinggi bagi orang kaya juga berbahaya. Saya tidak berpikir banyak tentang apa yang disebut "pajak orang kaya" karena dua alasan: Pertama, terminologi sendiri yang memberi stigma, dan kami di Jerman harus menghindari itu. Dan kedua, "pajak kaya" tidak akan ada gunanya. Sebaliknya: itu akan memotong tulang punggung ekonomi Jerman, karena orang kaya khas Jerman adalah pemilik bisnis menengah. Mereka menjadi tulang punggung ekonomi Jerman dan jika kami ingin menghancurkannya, kami tak bisa salahkan siapa pun selain kami sendiri. Edisi khusus siap. Hal-hal pada dasarnya tetap sama. Orang yang kaya punya beberapa miliar lebih banyak. Orang terkaya yang mencakup 1 persen penduduk Jerman sekarang memiliki kekayaan pribadi senilai 25 persen dari aset negara, sementara 25 persen orang dewasa tidak memiliki kekayaan, atau dililit utang. Untuk laporan ini kami tidak pernah mendapat akses nyata ke dunia orang Jerman terkaya. Mereka lebih suka terbang diam-diam di bawah radar, jauh dari mata publik, hingga acara penghargaan berikutnya.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dieda2317 [1 likes]: So then dont tax the medium sized companys and only Tax the ultra rich? Do i overlook Something or is that what he is talking about absolute nonesense? 41:28
  2. @mrsun9775: I saw a super rich guy at the municipal pool. He was trying to buy Lane 3 and rename it after himself.
  3. @joseoswaldomartinezrodrigu154: Hay conquistas que no se les permite perder. 🖤
  4. @LS5D: Because german society is a bunch of mediocrecty loving success haters. Crab in a bucket mentality. Envious. Its appaling.
  5. @MsEri20: Where are the rich brown people?
  6. @415423591: Seems like it's been the trickle up theory all along.
  7. @benji1775: one or more than one of their kids or grandkids will like public attention just like they can't control money flowing into their bank accounts.
  8. @ryanbrownie4634: I have to say the average German millionaire is way smarter than their counter parts in the US
  9. @darkpathexplorersc: nice
  10. @Samuel-Gott: my purple children are OP as well.
  11. @ninokopfkino: Forced smiles and unendless cringe. Painful to watch. All look like a copies of each other trying to act like a good guys. Wanna vomit. The thought how much they can change in the world and they simply choose not to do it boils my blood.
  12. @drained1177: Theres productive wealth and destructive wealth, one creates work and innovation for many, the other one takes wealth and innovation from many.
  13. @ki-yanas-el: This old and wicked Babylonian beast system is collapsing! The darkness is coming to light and karma is coming full circle 🔴🔵🟣🙏👁️⚛️
  14. @ki-yanas-el: Puppets of the Babylonian beast system
  15. @gregorydahlen2103: I see this was created 6 years ago.  Good!  After Feb 2022, only a morally vacant individual would invest in Gazprom.
  16. @Blurb111: Germany pays a shameful minimum wage
  17. @MeowsiTwins: I just saw Epstein in 5:35
  18. @dieda2317: Doeas anyone know which countries he is talking about? At Minute 42:26
  19. @HahaLOLey: Boring Rich 😴😴😴
  20. @FrancineWalsh-x7e: I didn't plan it. Without a pennie from anyone I have ended up rich. I find it a burden. I give to the arts and to the poor. I would like to have just enough. I have a responsibility now to live a moral life. I like the saying " enough is as good as a feast"

- The Millionaire Map: How Real Estate Creates Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en You know, you probably don't think about this daily or anything, but somebody owns every building you've ever stepped into, and it's making them rich. You see, Aluxer, real estate has created more millionaires than any other asset class in history. And you don't even need to be a millionaire to get started. From everyday people renting out a spare room to the ultra wealthy buying up entire neighborhoods, today we're breaking down real ways that real people are using real estate to become ridiculously wealthy. Welcome to Alux, the place where future billionaires come to get inspired. So, we're going to break this down into levels, okay? We're going to start off simple because getting rich through real estate doesn't necessarily mean owning skyscrapers or flipping million-dollar properties. No, in fact, most people's first move often looks almost like an accident. At level one, you're a house hacker. So, imagine you're living in a two-bedroom apartment. You're splitting your rent with a roommate. Life is decent and the bills are manageable. But one day your roommate decides to move out and your landlord needs someone else to fill the room. Now, of course, you could sit back and let them handle it, but instead you tell them, "Don't worry about it, okay? I'll pay 100% of the rent and I'll do all of the work of finding somebody else to live here." So, you post a listing, you meet a few people, and lock in a new roommate. But instead of going 50/50 on rent, you pay a little extra on top, something like $100 to $200 a month. This is called subleting and it's a nice chunk of change. Only now you're thinking, "Wait a minute, what if I owned this place?" Well, fast forward, you make a down payment on a small duplex. You live in one unit and rent out the other, which covers most if not all of your mortgage. Now, you're basically living rentree. This is called house hacking. One of the most accessible real estate strategies because it's not super expensive. But the best part is you're building equity in your own home every month. then that money is going straight into your net worth. This is how the game begins. When your home stops being your biggest expense to your first investment, once you realize your home can make you money, the next move becomes obvious. Level two is where you become an entrylevel landlord. So, fast forward again and now you've moved out of that duplex, but instead of selling the place, you're now renting out both units. You've now got two tenants and they're sending you money every month. Now, this isn't exactly passive income, okay? Maybe you have to repaint the occasional wall, upgrade the fridge, or fix a leaky faucet. But now, rent checks keep coming in every month, and most of the time, you're not even thinking about them. You just wake up, check your phone, and see two deposits from your tenants. Congratulations, my friend. You've just made money in your sleep. You're officially a real landlord now. And this is where a lot of people fall in love with real estate. But it's not completely handsoff, though. You've got to collect payments, respond to issues, maybe deal with a late rent here and there, but the money is consistent. You're not just working anymore. Your property is working for you. And that's called leverage. And here's the thing, okay? If you're serious about building wealth, you need to adopt this mindset for everything. You'll want tools and systems that make you sharper, faster, and way more productive. That's where Owl, who we've partnered with to make this video, comes in. So, Owl is an AI powered summary tool built for people who actually value their time. Whether you're taking meetings, planning your week, or fleshing out a random thought into a million-doll idea, Owl records, summarizes, and organizes everything for you. We've used it ourselves, and honestly, it has the Alux stamp of approval. Using Owl feels like having a second brain in your pocket because it comes with a powerful AI coach that helps you make better decisions based on your notes. It even creates smart flashcards so you can test your knowledge and reinforce whatever you're learning. Your greatest asset will always be your mind. Okay. An Owl helps you to make the most of it. You can use it on iPhone, Android or the web in multiple languages. And yes, it respects your privacy. You can even use it in your Zoom and Google meetings for real-time transcription and notetaking. It's actually a pretty great tool. And if you think it'll make your life easier, check out the description of the video because there's a deal waiting for you down there. Though, with that said, let's get back to getting rich with real estate, shall we? All right, so by this point, you've got a rental in a decent city. Nothing fancy, just clean, cozy, and in a neighborhood that's safe and walkable. You've been renting it out for a while now, but lately you've noticed something. The place down the street is always buzzing with different people, travelers, weekenders, digital nomads. So, you do a little digging and realize it's an Airbnb and it's making triple what you are per month. The owner of that place is an Airbnb entrepreneur and now it's your turn, too. So, you furnish a new place, take some good photos, and you list it. Suddenly, your weekends are booked out months in advance, and people are paying way more per night than you ever paid with a long-term tenant. Sure, now you've got more to clean up, handle check-ins, and respond to the occasional 11 p.m. Where's the Wi-Fi password message, but the money is worth it. This is the short-term rental game. According to AirDNA, Airbnbs in high demand cities like Miami, Austin, or Lisbon are generating two to three times more monthly income than regular long-term rentals. get the location and experience right and you've got a property that prints money even if it sits empty a few days a month. All right, so by now you've gotten a taste for the rental income game, right? Naturally, you start to think, how do I get more of this? And the answer is becoming a BRR investor at level four. And trust us, this strategy really does make the money printer go. So here's how it works. All right. So, imagine you're driving around in a great neighborhood and you spot a house that's worn down and outdated. Most people would pass without a second glance, but you see potential. So, you buy that house for well below market value. You spend a few months upgrading it. Nothing too fancy, but enough to turn it into a place that people want to live in. And just like before, you rent it out. But this time, something's different. Now that the property looks better and brings in more income, it's actually worth a lot more than what you bought it for. And here's the best part. You can actually go back to the bank now, refinance the property as its new value, and come out with most or even all of the cash you originally put into it. You still own the property, so it's adding to your net worth. It's still generating income for you with rent, but now you've got your money back, and you can do it all over again. This is the BRRR strategy. Buy, renovate, rent, refinance, repeat. It's one of the fastest ways to build a real estate portfolio because instead of waiting and saving, you're using the value you just created to fund your next move. At this level, you're not just making money. You've unlocked a system that literally creates wealth. But at some point, you start to notice something, right? Your residential properties are fine. They're steady, but you're getting tired of dealing with late night plumbing issues, missed rent, and annoying tenants. Then you meet somebody who's in commercial real estate. They don't lease to people, they lease to businesses. These kinds of investors are commercial specialists. That is at level five. When you're dealing in commercial real estate, your tenants aren't calling about clogged drains. They're signing 5-year contracts with automatic rent increases. In some cases, the tenant, not the landlord, pays for property taxes, insurance, and maintenance. That means higher margins and more predictable income for the owner. So, you take the leap. You buy a small office building, a warehouse, and a retail strip with three units. The leases are longer, the income is higher, and the tenants, well, they treat the space like it's their own because it's their business. That's the beauty of commercial real estate. You're not just collecting rent. You're locking in revenue for years at a time with fewer management headaches. That is long-term thinking. Okay, so there's definitely more to real estate than just homes and apartments, right? The deeper you go, the more it becomes clear. Most people are only scratching the surface. At level six, you start exploring those opportunities and become a specialty investor. So, at this stage, smart investors start looking into places that others ignore. mobile home parks, farmland, RV parks, self storage, billboards, even laundromats. These properties aren't glamorous, no, but they're simple, predictable, and often wildly profitable. Take mobile home parks for example. Residents pay rent to park there, and because they own their homes, they tend to stay for years. In many of these deals, investors don't own the homes, they just own the land underneath. So simply put, expenses are low and cash flow is strong. Self storage is another big one. There's no tenants living on site. The upkeep is minimal and there's no toilets, so it's one of the easiest real estate assets to automate. In fact, the self-s storage industry has delivered an average annual return of over 16% over the last 25 years. And then there's farmland. Quiet, stable, and surprisingly consistent. Everybody needs food, and there's more people every day. So, the land produces income and it appreciates over time. Just look at Bill Gates. There's probably a reason that he's the biggest owner of farmland in the US. This level is all about realizing that wealth doesn't always look like a luxury high-rise. Sometimes it looks like a cornfield, a gravel lot, or 40 rows of storage lockers. But look, okay, here's the thing. You can only buy so many properties on your own. Eventually, you're going to hit a wall. Not because you're out of ideas, but because you're out of cash and you can't even borrow anymore. But don't worry. If you decide to go into level seven, real estate mogul, this is exactly where things get interesting. So, instead of waiting years to save up, you can raise money from other people to buy properties. They find a great deal, usually something big like an apartment complex or even entire malls, and then bring in investors to help fund the purchase. You handle the work. You find the deal, negotiate the price, set up the legal structure, and manage the property. The investors just write the checks and collect returns. It's like a 1 + 1 equals 11 kind of situation. You build equity and earn fees without putting in all of the money yourself. And your investors get access to deals they couldn't do on their own without having to deal with tenants or toilets. So, at the end of the day, you could go it alone and keep it simple, or you could turn real estate into a team sport and win the big game. And as the old saying goes, alone we can do so little. Together, we can do so much. In your own wealth creation journey, whether it's through real estate or something else, you have to apply the same kinds of mindset. This is why we created the Alux app to give our community the chance to learn directly from the world's foremost experts on wealth creation. It's already helped hundreds of thousands of people become more successful, and we're confident it can change your life, too. So, download the app in your app store, scan the QR code on screen, and you'll get 25% off your yearly plan. So, yeah, check it out, my friend. You won't regret it, and I'll be right there with you on the inside. Let's move on, shall we? So, now that you've built the kind of real estate empire that would make the Monopoly man jealous, at a certain point, you have to realize you spend years looking for the perfect property to buy and you never find it. Right? At level eight, that's not a problem because you become a real estate developer. If your perfect property doesn't exist yet, well, you can always just build it yourself. Now, obviously, it's much easier to buy a home than it is to build one. It takes permits and planning. contractor's capital lots of time. But just imagine how tough it is to build a stadium or a mall. If you do it right, though, it could be the kind of move that sets you and your grandkids and your grandkids grandkids up for life. Now, it usually starts with a piece of dirt in a location that's about to grow. Maybe a new highway is about to be built or a big company announces they're opening a facility nearby. The land might look empty right now, but as a developer, you see what it could be. With the right timing and execution, a wellplanned project can 10x your original investment once it's finished. This is how some of the biggest fortunes in real estate are made. Not by buying what's already profitable, but by turning raw land into something the world is hungry for. All right, so if you wanted to reach the top of the real estate game, you pretty much made it by this point. But there is one more strategy you could implement, and it's a little bit crazy, like a maniacal evil genius. But it's currently making ultra-wealthy people crazy rich and crazy powerful. At level 9, you become too big to fail. You see, at the top, the real estate food chain are institutional investors. Take Black Rockck for example, a massive fund backed by literally tens of trillions of dollars in capital. These guys aren't looking for a home to raise the kids in. They're buying thousands of homes in bulk. Sometimes scooping up entire neighborhoods before they ever hit the public market. This is part of the reason why buying a home feels impossible these days. To the average person, it looks like a housing shortage. To Black Rockck and to others like them, it's a strategy. Now, you would think these funds would be really careful about what they buy because if the real estate market crashes, well, they are the market. But here's the thing, okay? These funds are not afraid to make mistakes, to buy aggressively, and to get in debt. That's because they know that if and when the crash comes, the government is 100% going to bail them out. Otherwise, the ripple effect could destabilize everything from local housing to the entire financial system. So, simply put, there's effectively no downside for them. They can just get insanely rich without any consequences. At this level, real estate is not about cash flow anymore. It is about power. We're going to wrap this one up here today. Hopefully, you got a good grasp of how people are getting rich with real estate and how you can go from zero to crazy evil genius rich as well. If you enjoyed this video, subscribe and hit that bell icon below so you don't miss any future ones. We'll be making some more deep dives like this about other asset classes soon. So, with that said, we'll see you back here next time. Until then, take care, my friend. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jerry-e5k7x [9 likes]: I’ve been hearing a lot about Expert Ann, especially with Bitcoin dipping. After looking deeper, her approach feels structured and focused on strategy rather than hype.
  2. @AhmedRonald-l9o [1 likes]: Like this comment if you want to have a cool house one day
  3. @ProfSimpleTS [1 likes]: Level 9 is the harsh reality of modern economics. When institutional funds like BlackRock become 'too big to fail', the housing market stops being about shelter and becomes a pure financial instrument. Terrifying but entirely accurate.
  4. @EngineeringNotWorks: Ye bakchodi kr rhi hai alux matlab Anastasia lux, agar mujhe rent jyada bhi dena hai aur mein tenant bhi dhudhubga
  5. @BusinessLensExplained: To The Point Breakdown Video. I Love It.
  6. @le3luLUsfandeMCDBZGTA: 13:30 thats completely false. I mean you've said a lot of lies in that video, but this one triggered me more
  7. @giorgioj23: Broke it down 777th comm3nt
  8. @ManavSharma-s7y: what if you have to pay the loan emi which is easily 4-5 times more than what you are earning from rent
  9. @chandrakantjadhav944: 🙋🏻‍♂️
  10. @ZunguM: I just need capital
  11. @MediaProfit-n2d: !!!
  12. @denis-v007: 🤚🏼
  13. @theblablaracer: Best video
  14. @IssyLabsBuildWorks: Love how you break down wealth creation in real estate! 🏡💰 At IssyLabs BuildWorks, we also help people turn their spaces into investments whether it’s designing modern interiors or creating functional real estate spaces that add value over time. Keep inspiring! 👏
  15. @Jrhamm-of2ki: These are same the type of people who say “I am hustling” just sent shivers down my spine
  16. @AkpomiemieDominion-o8l: @alux could you please do the same for a Media industry
  17. @elchinoguerito8915: I like how this video makes it seem like Black Rock is a good thing to exist
  18. @PureInternet-c: Love your animations ❤❤❤❤
  19. @PureInternet-c: ❤❤❤
  20. @EmpireMindsetYT: Robert sir your videos inspired me a lot.love you sir

- Becoming Warren Buffett (HBO Documentary Films): Kind: captions Language: en I love a sausage McMuffin with egg and cheese. 317 is a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. The market's down this morning, so I think I'll pass up the 317 and go with the 295. Warren Buffett is the only person who from scratch built a company that is in the top 10 of the Fortune 500. I was always playing around with numbers. I find it enjoyable. There were two turning points in my life. Once when I came out of the womb and once when I met Susie. Born is smarter than you even know. I think sometimes geniuses are by default lonely and isolated. I was a lopsided person. She put me together. I thought I would pile her money then she would unpile it. Running a foundation and therefore society would benefit. 99% of everything I make will go to others. The largest gift ever given. It was completely amazing. Investment problems. They're easy. It's it's the human problems that are the tough ones. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeniseJohnson-w5i [1 likes]: 🎉
  2. @문선주-u8l: :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:- 이글을 잘 보세요 절대 기억 해야 되는것이기에 올립니다. 
1- 카아누에게 노를 주었다 (대화는 다음과 같습니다.) 굳이 풀 필요는 없는데 쉽진 않아 풀면 내가 인정 해줄게 ...문제는 맞는데 처음 보는데 이것 다른 사람에게는 보여주던 알여주면 안되는거구 응 맞아 하지만 누군가 문제를 내면 어느 칠판에 그 문제를 아무도 모르게 적어 ...그리고 궁금해 하질 마 왜냐면 넌 노 하나뿐이잖아 비밀이야 
2- 황금나무에 열매 – 문선주가 달아놓은게 있지요 하나는 황금나무의 열매에 가장 중요한게 꿈이던 금일까요 사과던 포도던지 신종열매가 생겼던 애 낳는 법중 가능한 것이지요 다른 하나는 누군가를 위해서 열매로 남긴다구 제가 알여드릴까요 문선주는 어느 시기부터 애를 낳지 못하게 되었다 그는 이를 모르며 그도 애를 아픈 나에 낳지 못한다 그리고 나머지도 열매 하나 달아줬고 그 이전에도 열매는 달여있었으며 문선주의 열매도 이전에 있었지요 나무만 있었던게 안이라 또한 날 전쟁중에 테러폭탄제거에 끌고간 친구가 마저 해야 될게 있는것이구 이는 영원히 간직한다 우린 희생보다 많은 피해를 줄이기 위해서 적군과 아군이 안인 비무장 최소인원으로 공개허락에 움직였으며 어떤 의도가 없다는 증거로 5원소 공개보존을 하나 했습니다. 하지만 5원소는 작동이 안되지요 용의 눈과 용의 눈물도 이미 왔고 문선주가 보안 및 강구에 다른 뭔가를 했으니까 다른 뭔가 매우 중대하기에 상대에 허락에 보안을 더 강구 했던것이구
3- UFO에 가서 다 죽었는지 관련 허락자인가 관계자인가 
4- 스위스 키와 동일한 키가 있지요 금고 키 말구 최신전투기며 ..
5- 중국여성분에 한국 명연기 배우님들이 중전마마와 명성왕후등 힘들게 복장을 유지에 있어 중국여성분께 어머니 뭔가 주세요 절대 가지고 있으란 그것 말구요 복주머니 말구 다른것요 지금요 ....카롤리나 프로첸코와 결혼에 보고싶을지도 모르지만 이건 절대 사용하면 안되요 절대로 사용해서는 제가 해드릴게요 머릿결에 머리 올리세요 대충이라도 너무 예쁘게 말구요 ...중국이던 홍콩에 일본의 여러나라가 누군가 찾는다구 범인을 독침이며 3단 아주 치명적인 조각난 작은 그 범인 아마 세상에 없을꺼예요 그 다음에 세상에서 가장 빠른 모터바이크가 나왔으니까요 헬맷이 아주 심하게 훼손 되었다면 살았겠나요 한번은 제가 왜 아픈지도 모르는데 너무 아팠어요 신종인지 변종 열사병이었구요 ,,이젠 기다리지 마세요 잘 못된다 해도 전 임자가 있는 사람이라 한번만 말해줄게요 절대 사용하지 마세요 하나는 독침이며 5단침입니다. 다른 하나는 누구도 졸대 몰라야 되는 5단침이며 한쪽은 잘 못하면 나쁜것이구 다른 한쪽은 절대 필요하구 중대한 것으로 전 세계예상질병 의료보건과 다른 입장을 내놓았으면 상대도 이미 5개에 그럼 해결하던 못하던지 쯔위 아버지 잘 계신지 연락한다구 시진핑은 잘 해주나요 만약 이를 알면 시진핑등 위험한 위장에 독살 당한다면 전 그러길 바랍니다. 시진핑 독살음모자가 되었으면 아주 예전에 화살에 뭔가 있는데 활은 없어도 안전한거냐구 이를 쯔위던 쯔위 아버지께 물어보라구 절대 사용하면 안된다구 다 합치면 10개인데 아마 맞을꺼라 전 느낍니다. 절대 사용해서는 안된다구 나중에 전 죽을꺼지만 그땐 이를 사용하지 말구 전하세요 빨강 한국전통공예 여성 머리 장식품은 잘 되면 나쁜것이며 다른 하나는 꼭 필요한 것으로 마저 전 못 풀지만 여기 예전에 선물한 금장머리 장식에 동일할꺼예요 있는데 똑같은 동일한 장식을 왜 선사 하겠는지 기대하겠습니다. 한 친구가 마저 할게 있어서 다른 친구도 같구 믿음보다 소문이라도 난다면 독살음모자가 위험해질지 모르니 그 전에 독침사망 시켜요 사용은 말라 했습니다. 약초에 왜 이것도 전하는지는 절대 사용해서도 안되기에 당신과 저 둘이 남네요 5원소는 작동이 안되며 용의 눈물과 눈도 여기에 저희 둘이 남는다 되었어요 절대 사용을 말구 시진핑을 누구도 모르게 독침 살해하세요 서로 아시니 그러시면 될겁니다. 전 아마 살지 못해요 ...
  결국은 이혼보험이던 카롤리나 프로첸코와는 예상한 결과와 같게 이혼했으며 중국여성분과 우연히 만나서 집에 와서 엉덩이를 쓰다듬었는지 어루만졌는지 카피가 마시고 싶은데 타주시련지요 그리고 하나를 가르쳐줬다 유전과 본인 확인에 있어 호르몬확인이 따른다면 어떻게 생각해 호르몬 관련을 알면 말 해봐요 침이던 눈물이던 모유던지 여성비화 이런게 안이라 전문의료적으로 정액 이딴거야 당연하구....땀도 해당 되지요 소변도 해당되며 땀 한방울만 ...왜 중대한지 애정이 있다면 자기 자식이던 부모던 뭔 말이련지 알겠어요 가르쳐줄게요 ...그 독침은 5개에 마취제예요 최신진행에 제가 알아낸 과다나 잘 못 쓰면 독이 되며 ...다시 한번만 땀 한방을 주세요 왜요 뭐 다른것이라도 확인 되었나요 저야 원래 아픈데 ...한번만 줘요 그러지요 어렵지 않은데 여러대에 여러번 맞았다 저 안좋아해요 절 가지고 놀은거예요 전 정관수술자라 그때만이지 제 어머니 말군 짜증나서도 다 싫지요 이정도야 상식적으로 의대에서 배우는데 ...고질병증세라구 결국은 시진핑도 부틴 처럼 왠진 웃을꺼다 중간에 이상이 없다면 푸틴은 완전 항체의 혈청까지 변형에 변형이 다 되겠지만 중간에 이상 질병과 약물등에는 중간에 멈추던 다른 변이가 생기면 큰일이기에 그럼 병이 되는거다 불치병이며 결과적으로 알면 시진핑도 왠지 웃을꺼니 그럼 나도 안심이다. 좀 웃었으면 밝고 즐겁게 .....
아직도 풀어야 될게 너 있고 다른것도 남아있다 우선 이넘에 우주타임캡슐부터 공개확인 되어야 한다 순서가 맞아야지 좋지 안그럼 애 먹던지 더욱 힘들어지기 때문이다.
  3. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: R we dilone want to delete my account no chance for guys like me but to do what I do
  4. @adekunleonatolu3089: what happened to my insurance t shirt
  5. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: Itsme holding on in pain not your work guys warren remember bye
  6. @LesPrincipesdeWarrenBuffett: Great eyes.
  7. @Lotusleestarr: Im so sick of this dude and the sycophants who worship him. He isn't the Oracle of anything. He is a false prophet, a fraud. Like his old buddy Gates, he's sold his soul out to the devil for money, power,, and influence. Like Gates, he is no philanthropist. He donates a mere pittance of the fortune he amassed at the expense of the American people. He doesn't believe in free trade or the American dream. He is a monopolist.

And because I can see beyond this highly revered scam artist, I promise you. Buffett's illuminati empire will be dashed to pieces, just like the statue in Nebudchadnezzar's dream.

"Beware of false prophets..." --Jesus
🪷🌟😇
  8. @ongliongWong: Come miri, I introduced you friend
  9. @onedatten123: good
  10. @m_jdm357: This old man 70 years eats at mcdonalds and people praise him and admire him and listen to him? The most disgusting, unhealthy, idiotic food on this planet. They listen to him, this person has no clue where he is, let alone understand the stock market. He understands nothing, because the stock market does not exist you are just investing in America's wars
  11. @Paintonthewall-n1y6i: Mr Buffett can there be glass offices on street corners used for people going in to dance ukalie and musicians 🎵 🎼 that way if you feel like dancing and come across one you just jump in and break dance? 💃 🕺 the world 🌎 needs more fun??
  12. @OdoyleRulesOdoyleRules: Greatest inside trader of all time… he’s going to prison
  13. @godalmighty5970: I think he should stop all the girls & coke.
Might be bad for his health.
  14. @brijrajshetty-xn6iy: 0:05
  15. @ranjithkumar8976: Inspiring gentleman 
Your advice I am taking different ways.thanks seriously I don't want spend ing time investing  .I want spend my time I like to work. Gotcha great American make it again
  16. @joegray4285: You couldn't say thank you. Greedy ass hols
  17. @PardeepJindal-r2o: I don't like any of u if any of u talk to me or cross line we burn u alive u al block ed
  18. @문선주-u8l: 문선주 배상과 원금에 이자 개인보증인 버핏에 법정 청구 하세요 스위스 은행보증참여 바랍니다. 스위스 은행장이시지요 문선주 신용보증법률확인은 스의스 은행입니다. 
대한회장 정식처리하구 김희선에 이영애부터 최경주골프선수도 예전에도 내 돈 가져갔으며 최월순부터 최태원에 최목사까지 특히 신탄인력과 부강인력에 개미인력에 양평해장국부터 오뚜기와 농심에 LG의 코롱도 가짜 신분 문홍길이 퍼핏에 빌여간 돈에 이수만 자금에 반기문자금의 해외문선주 회사자금까지 무일이 LA아리랑부터 TJBC자금에 유선이도 참여하던지 아프니 말던가 유선이 너 내 돈 가져간 것 채무일 지났으며 정식 신고 했어 또한 유한에 금호던 모든 자금 자연건업건설 넌 개새갸 이자에 배상까지 이 씹새끼 아지곧 반말에 사람 가지고 놀고 지랄인가 드림인력 배상에 백금은 반기문 책임에 저와 무관하며 순백금 철사 무게등 저와는 무관한 사실입니다. 이를 분명하게 참고 바라며 양양회사와 극동에 국방부 자금까지 스위스와 주윤발에 독일 은행의 호주 은행등 문선주 매입신용국제은행 참여 책임보증인 퍼핏에 청구 바랍니다. 해당 고객거래 자금은 보호에 고객예치자금 이익은 은행과 금융고객에 가야 맞습니다. 그러니 못하면 금융거래를 누가하며 뭘 믿겠는지 신한은행에서 정식 금괴구입 사실 도난 되었습니다. 영상 기록하라구 두 번째 말 했으며 세 번째 말 했지만 안주면 그럼 마시던가 신고 하겠습니다. 신고 했으니 알아서 하세요 달라구 안하겠으니까 도난품으로 장물취급이며 정식 신한은행에서 개인구입 정품입니다. 이를 버핏께서는 해당 은행과 스위스에 주윤발증에 알여주실 것을 바랍니다. 세계금융협조 노벨협회에 나사자로 국제신용은행소유자 독일인 제임슨 스타뎀 해당 신용확인 매입거래중계소개자 관련 은행매입사실 확인 증명법률참여에 바라며 모든 처리 이자에 배상까지를 바랍니다. 모든 자금 입금에 영구기록 법률사실을 입금확인에 이자관계  도움을 개인적으로 다시 성실한 삶을 살 법률사실에 이피와 해당 관련에 이번 참여 제임슨 스타뎀 같이 하기를 진심으로 바래 올바른 금융실천에 피해를 막고 이익을 보관에 전달하는 신뢰있는 공개은행에 다른 모범이던 해당 은행거래 피해를 막고 이를 해결에 고객보호를 위한 그런 진짜 은행이기를 애플은 금융기관으로 일반거래는 안되니까 버핏교수와 정정당당하게 한판 붙자 이런 정당한 쌈은 버핏교수는 피하질 못 해 합당한 기간에 해버리자 꾸준히 끝까지 이기자 우린 서로 들었으며 은행예치고객에 자금은 고객에 돌아가야지만 바른 은행인거라구 ....나도 들었으니까 피하진 못 해 이런걸 피할 분도 못되며 지진 말자 이겨버리자 
/// 개미인력 및 선주건설에 특히 불법 다단계 변조 아메이 문선주 피해자금 처리까지 전액에 배상까지를 바라며 전 해당 범죄관계를 안했으며 당시 관련 업무을 안했다는 사실입니다. 양복단 엄마 교회에 헌신에 헌금 관련 분명하게 법률사실 시켜요 돌여받게 150억만이야 법정으로는 엄마 돈 얼마든지 세금우대혜택이 따르니까 걱정 마셔 엄마던 아빠던지 특히 할머니 노망이던 사고치는데 감당이 안 돼 양복단님은 배우 김선아등에 교회에서 사건 피해사실에 폭언과 강압의 집단의 상습적인 강간 및 약물에 의한 범죄사건 피해가 따르며 법정 수사사건이 뉴스에도 보도 된 피해자입니다. 해당 사건 피해는 국제법정에서 개인피해소송을 따라야 맞으며 처벌만으로도 교인과 특히 해당 목사등에 장로등에 휭포는 여전하고 지금도 이어지며 관직 종교자로 생활에 이는 부당한 처사라 철저한 해결이 필요에 해당 피해자 관련 처벌 후에도 종교범죄생활유지에 국제피해사건 소송을 국재소와 국제변호사에 정식으로 고발 소송 조치를 하겠습니다. 현재 종교활동범죄를 해당 범죄자와 범죄자들은 계속 종교관계 유지생활을 하고 있습니다. 
  사건 종교인 범죄자들은 지금도 여전히 종교관계와 종교생활을 유지에 범행을 이어가고 있는 사실을 분명하게 남깁니다. 
  이 사실을 공개글에 개인적으로 버핏 사이트에 모조리 전합니다. 해당 문선주 개인재산과 피해관련 청구를 버핏에 정식으로 스위스은행 및 개인국제신용소유은행참여에 주윤발과 그 외 제임슨 스타뎀등에 참여에 법정으로 처리를 청구 바랍니다.
  뭔 지가 뭐라구 도대체가 미친게 연락에 뭔 권투경기를 8000억 쌍년 지깐 년이 뭐라구 대단한 뭐라도 되는지 꼭 보던지 지가 책임진다니 돌인년이 어디서 갚어 쌍년아 돌았던지 ....서명까지 미친년이네 ...
제임슨 스타뎀은 우선 영구공개기념비 만들구 차후 정식 법정등록보호 하자구 나 혼자서라도 해볼꺼니까 관련 도움을 주던가 ...??? 좀 도와줘 차라리 황교안과 이쪽에서 제임슨 스타뎀을 돕는게 더 좋겠다는 생각인데 그게 어때 ..우선은 잘 보이는 곳에 공개 약간은 크게 법률사실을 공개연구기념 설치하구 나중에 진행에 우리 법률법정신청 보호 등록하자구 나래도 할꺼니까 도와줬으면 해 
  가자랜트카부터 문선주 자금관련 해외까지 모든 처리입금 전부 다 법률처리 바라겠습니다. 최종국제법정일 지났으니 해당 금융피해가 없도록 조치를 법정에 바랍니다.
  19. @문선주-u8l: 정도까지 만들다니 야 교안아 니중에 니 지식머리가 가장 좋은데 빨리 좀 풀어라 ....화면은 어둡게 야노시호 그리 계산이를 잘 때려 두 대를 동시에 와우 ~~화면 더 어둡게 해놓구 계산기 버리던지 틀였는데 ...계산 안맞는데 대충 암산에도 ...어떻게 프로그램 하나 새로운게 양자슈퍼컴보다도 더 빠르냐 애들 지금까지 놀고 자빠졌던게 맞지 아직도 양자슈퍼학을 그리 못해서야 ....좀 직접 빨리 풀어보던가 우선 답 내가 그냥 찍을게 ....게임심리 가하게 ....다음은 느렸다가 다음은 빠르게 규칙적으로 불규칙은 가끔 가장 늦게 선택에 ....그럼 누군지 더 궁금해서도 따라오지 지깐것들이 ....한국의 국내 1조 국제지원자금이 몇 달 전이었는데 국내 자금이 도박에 현찰만 1조 이상이면 이게 뭐냐 ??그 돈이 이돈인거야 다른 관련 없는 돈인거야 뭔 돈인지 현찰 1조이상이 국내 도박현금액이면 ......
== 게그맨 이창용 넌 도박내기만 해도 살기 힘들던지 버거운데 한국개발연구소 내기 붙어 ...환장한다 한국연구소 자금에 개인재산까지 개인재산 얼마나 너희가 있어서 ...야 채연 아들 채연 너 미혼은 니 애 내가 모르나 사기냐 뻥치구 다니냐 ..어디가서 내 제자라구만 하면 게그맨 이창용이라 하지만 대갈통을 빠사버리던지 목을 뱅뱅 돌여서 뽑아버리던가 이 새끼가 죽고싶어서 너 죽고싶냐 야 개새갸 ..
트럼프는 왜 들어와서 어때 머스크 다시는 마약복용 안한다며 하면 뭐라구 했더라 극소량으로도 그렇게 소량이었는데도 신종마약 소감은 복용자 머스크에 묻기를 바랍니다.
  너무 극소량이었지요 ...여기에 비번 신종마약제조법도 있지만 그래서 신탄진 상아치과에서 문선주가 방사능 인체 치명을 빼구 설정만 해달라구 빨리 너무 급하니까 머리 날여버린 이유 핵 비번 문선주며 핵가방 비번도 문선주라서 머리 바보가 되어버린 나야 
  금강 중화해독제 미사일 엄한 미사일 쏜 작자 복구는 해 피해는 없었으니까 ...
되었지요 스위스와 북유럽은 좀 안되더라도 ...레옹은 좋아하는 산소호흡 맘에 들구 ...
핵심 중화제와 해독처리제 다 된것인지 머스크 너 뭐 알어 마약복용자 기억이나 해 ..
   문제 핵심 끝까지 다 안했는데 몇 문제 더 남았었는데 그게 중대하구나 중대한 가장 높은 수준급 남았었네 진짜 아쉽다 왜 개털에 다 돈은 잃어서 끝까지 좀 따라오던지 ....중대한 하이라이트 빅포인트 남아있음을 알면 좋겠다 이거지요 이 거지들아 게그맨 이창용 몸 사리던지 넌 이젠 영원히 알지 뭔 말인지나.....입금처리 다 바랍니다. 
해당 자금 문선주 개인돈이며 관련 피해까지 전액 모두 입금 바랍니다. 독일 친구 이 정도면 보답 된거 맞아 입금 후에 보던지 와 영구기념비 우선 제작하구 스위스 국제에어쑈 멋나지요 성능이나 알아들 모르면 말던지 말어 ......빌게이츠처럼 빌어먹던 비벼 먹질 말구 ...해처먹는 너희 짜증에 싫다 정말~~~이자 붙고 배상액까지란 의미입니다. 기간 이자 있지요!!!! 대그룹 전재산 다 부도처리에 입금하세요 약속이행 바랍니다. 저랑이지 뭔 국민에 입금 전액 다 하세요 채무 배상에 부도책임 변상이 따르며 해당 전재산 다 입금 해 개씨발자식들아 망한 회장넘이 뭐라구 빚쟁이 새끼들이 반기문 기간 지났어 책임 지구 이자만 얼마 ....금융붕괴 시작 된겁니다. 부도책임 채무배상까지 모두 바란다는 것입니다. 회장넘들아 알아냐 너희 한푼이라도 나왔다간 이후는 손수 벌어서는 몰라도 처벌에 배상 가해집니다.
  20. @문선주-u8l: 됐어 스위스 뉴질랜드 덴마크 그 외 애플 알면 또 삐져 ...한가지는 한국 유선이 라이타에 최고품 있네 그 정도면 연구자금 된거다 약품은 국제의약과 제휴 했으니 나사협조참여라 충분한거야 UFO에 로봇에 최신 애플 능가 반도체 칩에 최신 전선에 광섬유에 통신선과 전자기선에 ...최신 기판은 볼보 손녀던가 까먹었네 이름도 ...다 된거다 그것 애플 알면 또 삐져 마이크로도 몰라야 해 알아서 해라 하나는 최신 다른 기종 유선이 라이타에 있으니 다 된거다 로봇 설계도면부터 독일넘 최신블랙박스에 갔네 이걸 놓쳤냐 잡아서 내꺼 해야 되는데 저 독일넘....최신 현미경 랜즈 만들어준 댓가야 품질 최상이니까 뭐 알아서 유지하던지 불량 만들던지 나야 잊네 그만 여기까지 빠이 빠이 도박 문제 어때 시선했지 .....예상보다는 솔직하게 약했어 20억 약간 부족한게 예상은 각나라 현금이 없으니 대충 34에서 38조억은 되겠지 했는데 문제 풀이는 없이 답만 킥킥킥 ......최신 문제들이지 풀어야 될 연구과제들이구 누구 더 빨라 나야 아직도 버핏인거야 ..그럼 AI냐 그리고 AI를 누가 로봇이라 하는거야 세계생명유전공학연구소를 지들 맘인가 
닥터 지바고에 부인께 마지막 기대합니다. 수고스럽더라도 빨리요....울 주윤발 친구 때찌에 혼내줘야 되니까 코 납작하게 만들어 주세요 
  국제합법도박을 왜 했을까 투자유치자금을 위해서 절대 NO~ 문제자체부터 자금수사와 함께 문제 답안 풀이도 없이 문제 답만인 이유들.........절대 비밀에 누군지에 아이디만으로......이 정도 문제라면 끌리지 전세계지식자에 교수에 박사에 해당 관련 회사와 연구소는 끌여서 끝까지 오던지 끝까지 와야 될 시선도에 어쥬 중요한 문제들로만 ..어땠나요 난이도 최고 문제 중대함 최상급 ~~~안그런가요???? 투자 절대 안받겠다구 도박자금 고맙습니다. 총거래자금에 90이 넘은거야 다른 예비 아이디까지 합하면 빼면 89% 먹었구 합하면 와우 좋은데 반나절만에 ......수사 들어오게 하자 신고들 고고~~도박자나 이딴 노름꾼들은 관심 없어도 지식자에 지능 있는 돈줄이라면 회사던 연구자던 교수던지 이런 문제는 끝까지 따라오지 이 정도 수준에 깊은 문제라면 안오겠나 ...하하 사기성이 너무 짙은가 문제 난이도가 너무 높아지는데 더 좋아 아주 끌리는 매력이 넘치는 이런 문제라면 충분해 ....보통 문제야지 도박이던 노름꾼이 낄 문제 수준이겠나 앞으로 도박자금 뒷돈 없겠네 20조면 현금에 현찰로 된거다 앞으론 판돈 큰 도박 절대 못 해 없어 절대로 ....새로운 전문가형 개인 엑셀 프로그램 너무 잘 만들어네 내가 이

- Why Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt Don’t Actually Own Most of Their Hotels  | WSJ The Economics Of: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] There's something going on in the hotel industry. Just look at this one block in Chicago. These might seem like three different hotels, but they're actually all Marriott. Over the past 20 years, Marriott has more than tripled in size. And we can trace this boom back to a decision Marriott made decades ago, to move away from the real estate business and instead, commodify its name. - Well, of course, as you might imagine, we think we're the best. We are the largest, 8,700 hotels in 139 countries and territories, really showing expertise around the world for what we think hospitality means. - [Narrator] And you can see the same happening for competitors like Hilton, and now Hyatt, because they're also following a similar playbook. - It's commonplace to actually invest behind real estate in order to build a brand, and then over time, sell down real estate. We wanted to do it in a very deliberate way. - [Narrator] With this business model, the brands don't have to run most of the hotels that fly their flags, nor do they have to pay for them. In most cases, that responsibility falls on people like this guy. - So independent owner-operators like us generally own the hotels and employ the team members. Most people think that they are Marriott employees. They're generally MCR employees. - [Narrator] So why did this shift happen, and how does it affect the customers? This is the economics of hotel chains. The business today looks like this. These are the names you're familiar with, Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt. And these are the players who actually front the money to buy the real estate, hire the employees, and run the day-to-day operations. Owners pay to use these big hotel names, referred to as flags in the industry, and it's a departure from the tried and true strategy of decades before. - [Tyler] If you go back to the 50s, everything was owned, operated, and flagged by the same person. - [Narrator] MCR is the third largest hotel owner-operator behind these two real estate investment trusts. - We get all the revenue, and then we get whatever profits are left over. And we pay Marriott or Hilton a franchise fee to be part of their system. - [Narrator] That means hotel brands mainly have money to gain with every new hotel. - Because they were not on the hook for the asset cost, they were able to scale up their brands much faster. - [Narrator] Moving to franchising removed a lot of the financial risks associated with real estate. - One of the things we realized as those hotels got more and more popular is that by building them all on balance sheet and with dealing with economic cycles, we were constrained. Our growth was constrained. - [Narrator] Now, Marriott and Hilton each own less than 1% of their properties, while Hyatt owns about 2%. But in shifting to this strategy, major hotel brands now have to focus on a new customer. - The owner is the one that puts the brand onto their hotel, and that's what drives franchise fees to the brands. - [Narrator] Those fees can amount to anywhere from 5 to 15% of what the property brings in. So the brands have to prove that having the name is worth it. Hotel brands say. - It more than pays for itself. - [Narrator] Because in addition to data on how lobby should look and what amenities to have, they also provide data to help the owner get the most money for each room each night. - At the end of the day, you are saying, "What will the market bear?" When there's a Taylor Swift concert coming into a market, we see the rates literally out to 40 miles away go crazy. - [Narrator] In dynamic cities, the price of a room could change multiple times in one day. - We get questions all the time and they say, "I was gonna book for $199, and now the rate just went up to $249." You know, then you should have booked at the 199. The prices are fleeting. - Every one of our full-service hotels has a revenue manager, and they take account of what's going on in that particular marketplace. - [Narrator] And these systems also calculate rates that optimize for the hotel's bottom line. - [Tyler] We don't wanna sell out our hotels just on a Tuesday because then that leaves us exposed on Wednesday. So we may sell you that room at an extraordinarily high price because what we really want is for you to book Monday to Wednesday or Tuesday to Thursday. - [Narrator] This helps make up for less profitable days. - We're giving the rooms away on Sundays. It is the worst night of the week because business travel does not really occur on Sundays and neither does leisure travel. - [Narrator] Flying a flag can also help owners target wider pools of hotel customers, with better fees for booking platforms like Expedia and Booking.com. - So if you buy a hotel room via Expedia for a Marriott hotel, we pay a lower Expedia fee. We, the owner. - [Narrator] But analysts say an even bigger draw, "Our hotel loyalty programs." Marriott and Hilton each have over 180 million members. Hyatt has more than 40 million. And thanks to points, guests are incentivized to shop within these programs. - The points have essentially become currency. - [Narrator] Which can help increase the customer base for flagged hotels in smaller markets. - If you're in a secondary or tertiary market, you generally fly a flag because that brings people to your building 'cause they want the points. The idea is you earn the points in Corpus Christi or in Yuma, Arizona, and then you redeem them in Miami and New York. - [Narrator] Today, two-thirds of all hotels in the US are branded, but the franchise model isn't always beneficial. For owners in high-demand markets, like those with more leisure travel, independence might be a better option. - The highest performing hotels in Manhattan are independent hotels. You have a greater elasticity of demand. So usually, the highest performing hotels are smaller. - [Narrator] But brands do operate some properties mainly in this tier, whereas franchising mostly happens in these. - Those operations have dramatically fewer touch points and offerings by virtue of the fact that they're designed for a person who wants a great room to stay in, a quick option for breakfast, but they don't need other things. They don't need a ballroom. They don't need a specialty restaurant. They don't need a spa. - [Narrator] In the luxury tier, those amenities are expected, creating more complex logistics. That's why most luxury hotels are still operated by the hotel brand itself. - With respect to most other full service and luxury properties and resorts, we would prefer to manage because we wanna control all aspects of the delivery of the guest experience. - Specifically at the luxury end, we do overwhelmingly manage those hotels, and we wouldn't, for example, be talking about franchising an EDITION Hotel. What having this range of brands gives us the ability to appeal to our customer for every experience and location that they want, and that is really important for Bonvoy. - [Narrator] In some rare cases, hotel brands will still strategically purchase a property. Marriott bought this W Hotel in New York to use it as an incubator for new ideas and designs, and Hyatt purchased Hotel Irvine. - We bought the hotel. We completely renovated it. We will eventually sell that hotel. - [Narrator] But by and large, more hotels are outsourcing the owning and operating increasing the volume of branded properties offered to consumers today. - The customer now has more choices. They have more places to both earn and redeem. But what you have seen in the past 25 years is a consolidation. There are really three or four big hotel flag families now. - [Narrator] And looking at the properties in construction, the number of branded hotels is only set to increase.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [202 likes]: Hyatt is smaller than its hotel chain competitors. So how did it get to be the most expensive? Watch the Economics of Hyatt: https://on.wsj.com/3xt9yNf
How did Marriott become the largest hotel chain, with over 30 brands? Marriott’s CFO explains why this is just the beginning for the hospitality giant: https://on.wsj.com/3xhNqpb
  2. @chuck7432 [1 likes]: These Legacy hotels Hilton, Marriott isn’t fooling anyone.  They are buying all the trash hotels and motels and slapping their name on them.   It only took one or two stays at “Marriott” only to realize it is a rebranded Econolodge or Super 6. Fool me once but not twice.
  3. @gordonallen9095: Monopolies...💵
  4. @janetleeadams7287: The background soundtrack is totally irritating and unnecessary. Generally, people interested in WSJ videos can probably get through an 8-minute video without sound accompaniment. For the few of us with attention problems, the background noise makes it impossible to listen to the narration.
  5. @edmondchege7381: In Nairobi, they are all over
  6. @繁华背后: 🎉🎉
  7. @gurukanishka-e9e: Oyofication of western legacies
  8. @richardmckrell4899: Why is the narrator mispronouncing Marriott?
  9. @Merica9160: This can explain why I had a hard time finding a job in the hotel industry. I tried applying at different hotels only to discover that they are either owned by Marriot, Hilton or Hyatt.
  10. @wayneholmes2702: My advice to non luxury non business travelers. Review before and rate after, every stay and also track prices.
  11. @wayneholmes2702: This franchise model is destroying the non luxury experience of customers.
  12. @pardeepgupta9511: I would love a franchise for my corporate office plot NO. O-20 SECTOR 22E YEIDA 2000 sq meters corner facing 6 acre park and 100 acre AMRICAN UNIVERSITY  PART OF AEROTROPOLIS NOIDA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT NCR DELHI
  13. @dr.chocolatepro8237: Lemme summarize it for everybody "They took the McDonald's Strategy and Franchises their business"
  14. @michalkosinski4459: simply outsourcing reached the hotel industry , we gave the brand you people care about infrastructure demands , guess where all profits land
  15. @ganweijun3976: Interesting video thank you
  16. @MrSeattledan: putting middle men in that system increases prices right? why didnt you create svc or apple or mcr hotel chain to compete with that 3 giants? obviously too much competition cant be good for business but for the customers right
  17. @apollocobain8363: Hyatt = Pritzker
  18. @esayasasefa5551: Anyone else bothered by her mispronunciation of Marriott
  19. @TedAlba-v8p: Ask those which are discriminated by these Sub-Contractors...
  20. @amoragirl15: Years ago, I was stranded in a city for a couple extra days. All the decent hotels were full. I had no choice but to stay at a Days Inn. It was a horrible experience, and because it was considered independently-owned corporate couldn’t do anything to help me. This strategy of not owning the hotels is terrible for customers.

- The Difference Between Wealth Management and Asset Management: Kind: captions Language: en OK so now you've been at JP Morgan for about 25 years. Yes. So and now you run one of the most important parts of JP Morgan which as I say is the asset and wealth management business for people that aren't that familiar with wealth management. What actually is wealth management and how is that different than asset management. Great question. The two are often used interchangeably. But but but there they have distinctions. Asset management business is where we manage money on behalf of individuals institutions sovereign wealth funds pension funds. We manage them in mutual funds. We manage them an ETF. We manage them in single stock single bonds hedge funds private equity and the like. And that is the heart of the fiduciary business that we run here at JP Morgan. Wealth management is that plus understanding someone's entire balance sheet. So for the individuals where we manage money we also help them with their mortgage. We help them with a loan that they might need. We help them with their basic credit card. And so wealth management is trying to help someone with their entire life both their assets and their liabilities their planning their gifting the legacy that they want to leave for their families. The 529 plans they need to prepare to get their kids to go through college. And it's a great it's a great insight into people's you know entire journey. Now many organizations like J.P. Morgan to have wealth management businesses some are bigger than some are smaller. But basically you're managing money for and doing other things for wealthy people more or less. Is that fairly right for wealthy people. Although you know many of the successful wealth management firms today have figured out how to take all of those great learnings for what they do with very wealthy people and also package them for people who are have their first paycheck. And they want to be able to save a little bit of money or want to have access to things that maybe they wouldn't normally have. And so we've been able to take things like what we do for a super wealthy family package it into a bite size where you walk into a chase branch and you're able to get some of that some of the same advice. And so it's it's I think it's opening up the world to be able to help people. And you know the most important thing is to be able to save early. And if someone can be there to help you through that you know that's that's one of the most important things. If you look at an average investment in the world if you just look over the past 20 years take a balanced portfolio. It's about six point four percent average annual return for people that generally manage money. The problem is most individuals actual return is less than 3 percent. So it's less than half of that. Why. Because they make emotional decisions when markets are one way or another and they get caught up in the hype of things. And so it's super important to have that advice as early on as we can give it. And I think you know that that's the rewarding part about about this business is being able to try to help people through all of those different journeys that they have.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FavianTech: Been curious about wealth management firms Zurich Switzerland options in the area — this helps a lot.
  2. @Wealthforge-m8k: Good 👍
  3. @actualscope: Asset is the climax to a fruitful rich life
  4. @elGatoGOATGATOR: 0:08 case notes 0:13
  5. @thomasucc: Mary Callahan Erdoes visited Jeffrey Epstein  house  with
  6. @ikawpipa: what is Nancy using? maybe that's the best to increase profit in shorter period of time.
  7. @HerotsLament: What great legs she has
  8. @Lvlup9912: why did i think celine dion was on the thumbnail
  9. @Kaiaualad: Ok, she passed the interview for a new job test. But - can she sink them like a trooper at the bar?
  10. @cherrykols6245: Happy New Years 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Healthy and wealthy families members organizations bank business teammembers 1111
  11. @davidrhodes7655: I wonder if Vladimir Putin is a client😅
  12. @Amruthakala1234: Above 20% return is a dream in developed market. Come on mama 😅
  13. @josephdennyy3104: Excellent tutorial! I learned so much from your step-by-step instructions. It’s perfect for beginners who want practical guidance.
  14. @TheTruthSoUnlucky: What good is Asset without Wealth... Are ya fook'n crazy. I was preparing to be rock'n sub 5s & poken 'm down again in 2012. What in fack was a broke punk gonna do for turn styler anyways...
  15. @ЕвгенийБ-78: Checking updates related to #moricoin.
  16. @ЕвгенийБ-78: Hello
  17. @papagen00: I've got 1,000 Bitcoins what should I do ??
  18. @MelMelx365: I actually used to work with one of the former vice presidents rest in Peace Tom.Great guy!
  19. @LucianaCristinaSalles: 🎧👔
  20. @SeanKenneth-NC: ‘Drag Ho’ is my Intellectual Property. Can we please take heed and let me lawyer up? I don’t want to drown in political pain for the rest of my life. I have witnesses and too many watched me suffer. I’m not a SH%# magnet for sickness. I told you I need Justice! Please…

- Investing In Wine: A True Alternative Investment with Anthony Zhang of Vinovest: Kind: captions Language: en Our mission at Resilient Advisor is to have a significant impact on the retirement crisis by educating and empowering financial advisors to better serve their clients. We bring you industry thought leaders and experts to help you make a difference in the lives of your clients. Thanks for tuning in to this episode of The Resilient Advisor. My name is Jay Coulter. If I told you that there was an investment that had returned a thousand percent over the S&P 500 for the past 20 years while having about a third of the volatility, I'm sure that would catch your attention. You would probably also think that it was some arcane cryptocurrency or gold or silver, but it's not. Today I'm speaking with Anthony Zhang, the CEO and co-founder of a company called Vinovest. They are a fintech platform that enables consumers to invest in wine. Anthony, thanks for coming on to tell your story. Jay, thanks so much for having me on board. I'm excited to chat. Well, this is unique. Like I told you in our pre-call, normally if I'm interviewing a large-cap growth manager, I I'm I'm a pretty good cadence on how to execute that type of interview. This is completely new to me. Why don't we do it like this? Let's talk about the investment case for wine, and then how investment advisors could help clients add it to their portfolio. So, let's start with the investment case. What do you think the investment case for wine is? Absolutely. So, I think with wine, there's a few key aspects, right? Um A, it's an alternative asset that has low correlation with the market. B, it also has low volatility. So, you're getting these really strong returns on their own, but they're also really strong risk-adjusted returns. And I think number three is that it is a part of I think a glo- a growing trend of collectibles becoming a bigger and bigger part of mainstream investing. So, we've got this other tailwind that I believe will start to push wine prices up higher and higher into the future. And so, what are some of the tailwinds that you think could help push those prices higher? I think number one is really going to be global trends for consumption. Uh you're seeing a lot of emerging countries that have a large uh wealthy millennial populations, whether it be uh China or India or um a lot of other cities in um in Asia where people are starting to want to consume these luxury goods. And especially when we're talking about investment-quality wines, these wineries, they can't make any more grape juice. They're acquiring the same plot of land for decades, and because of also climate change, it's getting hotter and hotter, the yields are getting lower and lower each year, and they're producing wine at lower quantities when there's greater global demand for those wines. Okay. So, to be clear, they're making less wine today than they did a decade ago? Yeah, because their harvests are getting hotter and hotter, yields are getting lower, and unfortunately, they don't want to be able to um you know, farm other places that may be unsuitable for wine because that'll decrease the overall quality. Okay. So, when I think of wine, uh I'm not a wine connoisseur, but I think of the $20 bottle of wine I get at the grocery store. I have a feeling that's not what you're talking about. Could you kind of help viewers and listeners conceptualize the type of wine you're talking about? Yeah, so not quite grocery store wine. The wine that we're talking about usually is um on allocation or on a mailing list. Uh wine that typically is pretty hard to get your hands on because it either A is uh so rare or B is so expensive. So, usually the wines that we're talking about that are investment-quality, anywhere between 200 bucks a bottle and can get up to, you know, fetching hundreds of thousands dollars a bottle. Uh but you know, because there is a big range, it also gives us flexibility when we're working with different clients, designing their portfolios for different needs, different timelines, as well as different price points. Um but I think to unite the definition of investment-grade wine, there's a few key criteria. And I think number one is going to be the scarcity aspect. Um they're not mass-produced. They are um very much so uh place-driven. Uh they're have strong brand equity as well so that you can recognize uh this wine over others. And then number three is going to be that they're ageable. So, these are wines that are not meant to really be consumed on day one. Uh although you can, they'll still be delicious. But I think the important part of it is that uh wine ages, right? A 10-year-old bottle of wine tastes different than a 30-year-old bottle of wine. And wine collectors and enthusiasts and uh fine-dining establishments want to be able to allow consumers to experience that rare 30, 40, 50-year bottle, which is why they become much more sought after um when they're older. So, what are your thoughts around wine as an inflation hedge given the environment that we're in and will be in for a while? I think that's why a lot of advisors are coming to us because um there aren't too many other places where you can find inflation hedges. And especially when you're looking at the historical performance of this asset class, uh harkening back to say '08, '09, or even the dot-com crash, when we were looking at huge drawdowns in global equities, you know, 40, 50% during those two time periods, wine was only down around 10%. So, it's proved through two cycles that it has been a pretty strong hedge uh against recessions and also against It's really hard to do a dividend discount model on a bottle of wine. It's going to be really hard to put a framework around it for a financial advisor to come up with a price that matters. And I can already see the cynical advisor saying, "Well, this is a greater fool investment." Like you buy it today and hope that somebody else buys it later. I know that you have much more meat behind that in terms of how you value it today and how that appreciation would go. But for the cynical advisor listening, what do you say to them as it relates to how to price it today and how they could expect to generate returns on that investment? Yeah, I think for us, we're looking at the sales, right? The consumption of that bottle of wine. And thankfully, there is a robust secondary market, especially for these investment-quality wines, right? Um you're not going to see much retail on a uh you know, your bottle of two-buck chuck, but we're talking about a thousand-dollar bottle of Chateau Lafite. Um not only do you have strong secondary demand at all times, but you also have historicals to be able to look back on, right? Uh this wine has been producing for almost 150 years now, and you can see what an average year five Lafite looks like or a year 10 Lafite looks like or even a year 20. So, um you can really model that all out and be able to look ahead with pretty high confidence on what that future price may look like and be able to price it accordingly, get accurate mark-to-market on a weekly or monthly basis, and be able to confidently talk to your clients about what their returns are looking like. All right. And is your offering through financial advisors and direct to consumers? It's both. So, we have a both retail and advisor-facing platform. All right. So, before we get into the advisor-facing platform, let's go through a little role play. All right. So, I've have a $5 million portfolio. I manage my money myself, and I I like wine, let's say. And so, understand that there's a fine wine component to it, but you know, maybe I buy a $100 bottle of wine on special occasions. And I think, "Okay, I want to allocate ex- a a certain percentage of my portfolio to wine." Mhm. What's the process? What are the risks? And what's the experience? So, the process I think starts with knowing what you want to get out of this investment. Is this a five-year hold for you, a 10-year hold, 20-year hold? And then looking at what else you have in your portfolio, I think you want to determine how much risk you want to put on into this investment. Um whether it be from an allocation standpoint or from an asset level standpoint because just like stocks, there are your equivalent of, you know, blue-chips, stable, large-cap wines. Uh these will be wineries coming from usually areas that have been producing wine for a long time. They've got a lot of historical data, and the outlook for that region is very stable. On the other hand, if you want to go a little bit more speculative or um you know, have a little bit of a higher appetite for risk, there are your emerging regions or your wineries that have just gone over new ownership and are looking to really aggressively change their investment outlook. So, those wines can be part of a a diversified wine portfolio that can give you some risk as well as your sort of blue-chip stability for the asset class. Um so, that's really the process that we want to take the individual investor or the RA through to determine what's that best portfolio construction. Um because just like bonds, there are wines that can hit their uh their peak maturity periods in, say, five years versus 10 years versus 10 and 20 years. So, we've got that flexibility there. And then when we're looking at the risks of the asset class, number one is going to be storage because wine is um you know, it's a real living thing that can get damaged, right? If you are in a too hot of a condition, too cold of a condition, too much or too little humidity, or even something like uh exposing it to direct sunlight, all that can damage the wine and can render that investment to be close to zero. So, proper storage and insurance on that storage is going to be really crucial. Number two is going to be the provenance. So, where did the wine come from? A wine that we source from your basement is going to have a different retail value than a wine that's sourced direct from the winery sellers. So, at Vinovest we really care about A, where is this wine coming from? And B, how was it stored before we acquired it? And we want to make sure that both of those are in excellent condition to be able to ensure for the maximum resale value of that particular wine. So, you build a diversified portfolio, diversified geographically, diversified by age, and diversified by, it sounds like, storage facility. And then they're all insured. So, I would imagine that your returns are impacted by the insurance in the storage facility. But you're still able to generate excess returns historically than traditional equity investments. So, that if you think of this as an alternative investment in a broadly diversified portfolio, it gives you the opportunity for some alpha and an inflation hedge. Did I articulate that correctly? Perfect. Better than I could have said it myself. Awesome. And then can you consume your own investment? Yes, you can. So, that's the fun part where someone's going to drink it at the end of the day. And at Vinovest we've been able to structure this offering so that if you wanted to say, take a few cases and celebrate an anniversary or maybe save it for a child's graduation as a present, you can absolutely take some of that from our facilities and we can help to arrange to get it shipped to your home. Of course, that does literally mean drinking your profits away, but it's it's a passion asset for some people as well and we want to be able to give that optionality to the people who do see it as a way to make money and also a way to have some fun. A passion asset. I like that term. You might want to trademark that and we could actually use that with a lot of the crypto folks. Perfect. Perfect. All right. So, let's talk about the experience that an RIA or independent firm would have if they leveraged your platform with their clients. And let's talk about it at a very, very high level for the folks that are very that are just being introduced to your firm. Perfect. So, I think it really starts with the allocation that you want into this alternative or any alternative for that matter. Once they kind of zero in on that, zero in on the size of the vehicle that they want to be able to structure and also the projected timeline. We can also work into the deal certain redemption periods. Even though wine is a long-term asset class, we do want to provide liquidity and flexibility for both the advisor as well as their their clients. So, we usually structure some redemption periods where we're actively rebalancing the portfolio anyways and that gives the clients the option to be able to take some profits off the table or in case of any sort of unforeseen circumstances. After that, we are the ones who really manage everything. So, from the acquisition strategy to the actual procurement to the storage, custody, insurance, we want to make sure that we take everything off the plate of the advisor and they can focus on what they do best, which is growing the relationship with their clients. Wait. So, I just want to make sure I understand. Are these unallocated Is this unallocated exposure to bottles of wine or do you know exactly which wine you own? So, the advisor will know exactly which wines they own. Once we formulate the strategy, we'll go out and actually go to procure those bottles. They'll be able to see exactly like, hey, here's how many bottles I own, here's how much they're worth at the time of purchase, here's where they're stored, and then from an ongoing basis providing updates on, you know, future sales of that wine, which ones that we recommend should be rebalanced, which new releases are coming out that could look like attractive opportunities to add to that portfolio, and also updated mark-to-market when we're looking for reporting and clients' purposes. Okay. So, let's talk about reporting cuz you know how important that is to advisors. How do they account for that with their clients? So, the market is pretty robust where we update prices every single day. Usually, prices don't move too much from a day-to-day basis, but when we're looking at it on a monthly or quarterly basis, we're able to see, hey, which regions are outperforming, which parts of your portfolio are sticking to the strategy, and which sections of your portfolio may be recommended for rebalancing. So, that's how we look at the strategy and ongoing reporting for each advisor. So, but how does the RIA get that data and present it to their clients? We have a platform that the RIA can log into. We also have reports that we can generate that are in the same format that you'd see, you know, say any any one of your broker statements. Okay. And then do you facilitate billing on that platform if they're a fee-based advisor? So, usually advisors choose to charge their fees outside of the platform, but we also do facilitate the payments when needed. About that. All right. So, this is this is fascinating. I'm thinking about other asset classes where you could take this platform and go deliver the same type of service. But but wine has a unique marketplace in that there's where there's interest there's a lot of interest. And I imagine this is a good marketing tool for financial advisors. How have you seen them leverage this value proposition when they're out out looking for new business? They've used it really as that sort of interesting hook, right? Say a client gets a bunch of pitches from advisors, but one of them has access to be able to allocate your wine your wine or even be able to help source really rare wines or even just something that for a client looking for alternative exposure, this is probably something that maybe they've heard about from, say, their wine collector friend or wine enthusiast friend, but you know, they're not that into wine. They don't want to manage a whole wine cellar. Now they can do that, right? They can be on that same level even perform even better than than their friends. So, we've really seen it as a creative marketing tool that advisors have used to either prospect new leads, re-engage ones that are in the pipeline, or even to work with existing clients on being able to have, I think, a modern strategy moving into the next couple of decades. Yeah. Anthony, it really is an interesting strategy. Advisors, learn more by going to vinovest.co/advisors. That's vinovest.co/advisors. Anthony, thanks so much for coming on. Jay, it was a pleasure. Thank you so much for your time.

- Fine Wine Investing 101: 5 Factors to Assess the Investment Potential: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnesa from no sediment and today let's discuss five important factors you should consider when evaluating Wine's investment potential it is interesting that while more affordable everyday wine categories are struggling sales of the most expensive luxurious and rarest wines are thriving meaning that with each passing year they are traded and bought more and more maybe many of us myself included have chosen to enjoy wines less often but when we do it will be a really nice bottle or perhaps it is because wine has proven to be an excellent investment while as of making this video the Fine Wine Market has experienced a decline over the past year in the longterm wine can potentially provide a return of investment between 8 to 15% depending on the source certain wines have potential to achieve even higher returns furthermore the number of the bottles especially old and rare vintages ultimately reduces with time they are either popped open and enjoyed forgotten in sellers or accidentally broken things happen consequently this scarcity drives up the prices potentially making great profit for the owner who later sells the bottle I have talked many times on this channel about wines that can age and sometimes I have discussed wines that increase in price however since I never buy wine for profit I think I have almost never touched upon investment grade wines and what factors to consider when evaluating win's investment potential but before we start a small disclaimer my lawyer requested me to say nothing in this video constitutes a financial advice always seek the guidance of a qualified financial adviser before making any investment decisions we cannot start with anything else quality is the key for any investment grade wine and quality means not only that over many vintages numerous wine experts and Industry professionals will almost anonymously agree that the wine constantly delivers the highest quality the quality also means that wine consumers and buyers will also be able to appreciate it and be willing to pay premium for the product while I myself don't always believe that quality wine must have an aging potential after all there are many beautiful and exceptional wines not meant for long selling however in case of investment grade wine selling potential becomes extremely important you will see that as we discuss other elements important for wine to be investment worthy it all ultimately comes back to its quality and as promised we are back to Quality in this case the quality of the Vintage there are wine making regions where weather can be quite unpredictable year after year significantly affecting the final quality of the wine as well as its aging potential think of champagne burgundy and Bordeaux for example well one might assume that champagne is somewhat safe because wine makers might not declare a vintage if they don't believe the fruit meets the expected quality I still recommend examining each vintage for investing this is because a specific vintage could have a more immediate appeal to it and be a great bargain for early consumption yet not the best option for long aging I want to add a small note though not all vintages deemed bad necessarily make poor wine sometimes it can be a smart strategy to purchase a wine for a much better price point than the great vintages therefore potentially providing better returns in the future choosing the right producer or brand is crucial when seeking investment worthy wine first of all a trustworthy company or a wine maker known for consistently delivering the highest possible quality year after year will be more interesting in the investment Market than a lesser known rising star for me this is especially important if we are going back to the Vintage quality more specifically bad vintages because of the experience as well as the image associated with the brand these established Estates not only have the knowhow but are also willing to sacrifice volume to ensure the delivery of the highest standards in those poor vintages or in some cases make the very difficult decision to produce no wine at all moreover if we are talking about the luxury Estates such as chor or muton rild Investments are made in the latest Technologies and the best team teams providing them with all the resources needed to ensure that quality standards associated with their brand are met while some criticize the 1855 meta classification as dated and there are some valid Arguments for this yet I also believe that the top Estates also have an obligation to deliver the highest quality because they are considered the Benchmark well I do believe that with certain wines regions and markets the significance of wine ratings and scores is slightly reducing it Still Remains very important when it comes to investment grade wine ultimately thus circling back to the starting point which is wine must be of the highest quality first of all critic scores give an overall easy to understand and somewhat unified system for us to see which ones are considered or in fact are better probably one of the most popular wine rating systems is the 100 point scale developed by Robert Parker not only will high marks increase the demand for the wine but perfect score will give forever Fame to the wines just look at the gigal and their laala wines or Harland estate but maybe even more important and definitely highly anticipated are the scores and ratings of the Bordeaux on Premier critics and journalists are tasting Barrel samples wines that are not even B model yet and determine their quality not only will their reports impact the prices at which wines are released but they will also increase or decrease the desirability of the wine in the market Janis Robinson and wine Advocate come to my mind as some of the most influential wine critics but so do Jane ansen James suckling and Publications such as wine spectator and [Music] decer the wine or the label must hold value in the secondary Market without this no matter the Wine's quality brand reputation or received scores if it fails to catch buyer's interest it does not qualify as an investment grade wine one way to make sure that the wine will appreciate in value and be interesting in the secondary Market is the scarcity or Rarity of the bottle certainly the aforementioned Harland estate as well as Pier e colon Moray and domain Roman Conti come to my mind as great examples where prices in the secondary Market greatly exceed those at which the winery released them however this is not always the case there are many limited production wines of good quality with great aging potential and yet they failed to spark interest in the secondary Market furthermore one of the most important categories in the wine investment world is the Bordeaux wine region and even top wines from Bordeaux are produced in relatively large volumes therefore with few exceptions one can obtain almost any bottle they desire if money is not an issue yet bordeau remains a stronghold in the investment wine World there are of course many other factors one must take into consideration when evaluating whether or not wine is investment worthy such as Wine's price history and the trends of the industry and if all of this feels a little bit too overwhelming it is complete understandable but there are many trustworthy companies and private advisors that can help you in this journey however for many who love wine analyzing Trends seeking New Rising Stars and tasting wine is the most fun part of the wine collecting another factor to consider is how wine has been stored make sure to watch my other video on seven wine storage myths [Applause] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @bertusverberkmoes4249 [8 likes]: I tried to invest once but I drank it all.
  2. @TheAricko [8 likes]: I collect to drink and share, avoiding the angst and risk associated with speculation!  It keeps my blood pressure down, and we can enjoy great wines and good friends.
  3. @NoSediment [3 likes]: I recently collaborated with Vinesia, an innovative technology-driven wine investment company, on several projects. If you're considering diversifying your investment portfolio with directly sourced fine wine, based on all the factors mentioned in my video, Vinesia can answer all your questions, offering complete Peace of Mind for your wine investment journey:  https://bit.ly/47JWLmg
  4. @50somethinglawyer [3 likes]: I do invest but only to subsidise my drinking of good quality but not investment grade wines ie buy classed growth Bordeaux then when sold buy good Cru Bourgeois with the sale proceeds.

That said, investing in en primeur Bordeaux has been terrible for the last few years, even ignoring this year's fall in the indices.  Release prices have been so high, in the majority of cases, anything from 2016 and onwards has been trading in the secondary market at less than en primeur release price. 

Brunello,  Barolo and Super Tuscans for me at the moment although being very, very picky about pricing.
  5. @ptg01 [3 likes]: The biggest challenge I experience in wine investments is it only applies to the top 0.001% of wines out there. Access to these wines are almost impossible to come by as they are usually very limited in production.  Plus, as a consumer, you buy at retail and then sell at wholesale !  OUCH !  It is also very hard for a consumer to sell wine directly to another consumer in the USA.
  6. @stephanemaster8808 [2 likes]: If i collect it s for me:
I hate the invest side of wine!!

Wine is pleasure, sharing; not a bank account
  7. @injashiran [1 likes]: I have focused the majority of my starter collection  on corton  charlemagne grand cru.(young vintages 2017-2020)  To me this region is exiting because of the rapid climate changes,and the effect this can have on each vintage...
  8. @BigBobDookie [1 likes]: I know that wine shop in Montepulciano. My buddy Alberto works there. 😊
  9. @ColinReed-l9l [1 likes]: Best wine 🍷 investing  video ever made.  ❤
  10. @baggrabb [1 likes]: Given the prevalence of counterfeit wines, and the volume of wines in the secondary market, I’m curious why you didn’t mention trustworthiness of the merchant  as a key factor. Both for authenticity, but also for storage provenance. Love you channel!
  11. @juanmanuelmunozhernandez7032 [1 likes]: I got Tig and Sassicaia at a good price a few years ago. I considered keeping them for later sale but now I'm thinking I'll be popping them open in a couple of years, or perhaps I'll be trading them for something else! Who knows!!
  12. @melsialiaj [1 likes]: With the inflation already in double digits during the last years, all wines are good investments, If you've got some cash aside, even for personal consumption.
A few Santorini I bought 3 years ago (with the purpose of aging them) are now 20-30% more expensive.
  13. @fabiomacedo1681 [1 likes]: I invest in my delight. I buy wines......and drink them
  14. @johnchristie1550: Is it good?

- Navigating Vineyard Valuations: Kind: captions Language: en the Napa Valley is a place where the land holds a rich Heritage and the vines hold secrets to Value but in this place of abundant Beauty and prestigious wines how do investors and sellers navigate the complex maze that is Vineyard valuation the challenge is real valuing a Vineyard goes beyond simple land appraisal location climate soil quality Vine age and market demand all play critical roles this is where my expertise and deep knowledge come into play I'm a second generation realtor with over 18 years specializing in Vineyard and estate properties I provide my clients an Insider guide to accurately assessing the true value of their Vineyard Investments so whether you're looking to buy or sell understanding the intricacies of Vineyard valuation is key to making informed decisions that maximize your Investments

- Winery Vineyard Valuation, Advisor for Commercial Property, Commercial Real Estate, Valuation: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm going to present the third topic winery beam yard fetish an M&A advisory and how to enhance the value the value drivers my name David Hahn I am a certified commercial appraiser and certified business valuator and/or sell I'm a certified ma merger acquisition adviser and also I'm a designated broker in Washington State and California State and what is a vineyard the vineyard is different from winery basically the vineyard is farming a plantation of grape vines or why making it consist of so many components in vineyard not for the business component the fixed asset hard assets grapevines trail system irrigation systems and protection for frost here or hail and past protection from you name it deer birds Buicks Turkish land tour war is from the French word that it consists of land an AV AV a next slide I'm going to talk about more of a be a water rights winery is different winery is wine manufacturing business it is a going concern that means without the business ongoing component business activities value is not there so when the business is not good you can sell for motor service value liquidation value of it there are three primary types of winery first inning later winery they have all those vineyard and all those facility integrated so it depends on the size organization structure in each has his own advantage or disadvantages of merchant winery they buys all the scrapes they do not own the vineyard hybrid the winery owns a vineyard however it buys a variety of grapes to blend or make it they're labelled wines per their writings a VA appellation it stands for American viticulture area it's designated once that winery is within this ABA there are some tax savings based on Internal Revenue Code section 197 typically fifteen year amortization of certain intangible asset appellation right it qualify as an amortized wiser if it is an ad on a VA you may not so basically the asset classification total price or total value minus depreciable asset such as buildings fines trailers this and the like then remainder is the land value the land value it can be segregated to the appellation intangible asset so if you didn't do that you can catch up to make a deduction for prior years myself is a cost segregation consultant so you you can segregate it it's a component of value it affects the valuation for worth or none ABA the purpose in the use of a vineyard winery appraisal many occasion you use it for financing lenders collateral if winery is owned by the corporation business entity or publicly traded company or they need to be bound by the gap generally accepted accounting principle kind of accounting system in that case they need to their financial planning or financial reporting in that case they need to do appraisal every single year and also people wants to sell or projects and many occasion is dispute involve the value the dissenting shareholder family disputes divorces partnership eminent domain and any occasion taxes you stay planning people wants to make a gift or pepper person died and then estate planning is there tax reporting and in the case perhaps there may be minority discount which is the differences Pereda value versus fair market value of pro rata and also allocations for income tax depreciation property tax was a smell appeal and catherine's calculation so in that case you need appraisal value has a some kind of stage so when you start when you acquire you create the value start a value and then you grow and sometime later upon reaching the stabilization in sustain and lifetimes people retire or they make a gift or estate planning in that case need to harvest the first tab in winery vineyard valuation is understand the current economic condition there are so many component of this economic conditions consumer spending and tourism done financial services manufacturing real estate how the general real estate is going construction banking and finance agriculture natural resources and unemployment employment employment rate continue that it's changing per capita alcohol consumption is it increase or decrease demand for both wine is in the increasing sign or decreasing side how is the industry cycle and what is the taste of a consumer are they liking serve a certain different product preferences generally economic trends and also international trade international factors there are so many different variables out there in evaluation there are traditionally three different approach the first one is cost approach cost approach Mehta need to have a land value as a cattle cost and area which is regional area and size specific cost and what about all those it will improvement to the land including vines trolleys irrigation reservoir wells palms connecting road defenses land improvement and depending on your business plan you may have additional facility FF&E fixtures furnishings and equipment a main power reserved and other entitlement and a cost level kept on how much you need to have it what is the cost on that an or so what is the profits you need to add on to it without the profits you have in your mind so it prophecy means fair return of your cost investment and what about depreciation if you're living in it well not living in it and mature and the developed in all that those are cost approach method when you wants to have new planning plantings on the land in that case wine and grape it sure is promoting new plantings you need a plant additional vines we are only those go is what about the land there's a scarcity of the land if you wants to plant those grapevines and what about the grapes price offer where its market all of that need to be based on visibility study analysis and valuations of proposed new plantings so you need to have some kind of discounted cash flow analysis or IRR internal rate of return say what is the fair return for your money for planting so at least you must have a 10% of it at least and at least you need to have a reversionary value of a mature of the yard at the end of the fifth year this kind of rubbed um in the vineyard estate this is a kind of a simple I'm not talking about the winery it can be a various with depending on the land value of what kind of a beam are replaced what kind of a size of a home you want to make it is kind of simple being art 25% land 35 percent home site or home 40 percent and the second method approach is market approach method the market approach method is more of approximation it's not exact it's smaller uh not all objective does in general in a major it can be price per acre and price per ton you produce every year and also need to compare with Sai or building characteristics in a home site the vineyard is that consist of the vineyard land and home site inner sole transaction method in many occasion many transactions are very private so very difficult to get pricing information terms and motivation behind other stats on private transactions in public record they usually only some personal value prices reported out of total price and many occasions if it is emanated and obtained merger in acquisition data sometimes it's accurate income approach method most commonly used approach for operating compiled company is income approximate which is most accurate it can be capitalized cashflow discounted cash flow method and our so investor capital methodologies basically how much you spend and Abba da multiple Abaddon stands for earnings before interest taxes depreciation amortization so basically ja cash flow before depreciation and taxes and also interest and taxes depreciation and amortization it's basically it's a cash flow the Abba da multiplier it can be high depending on the brand value seven times of ten times is not unusual it can exceed 12 times or more well exclusive integrated estate wineries when brand and the real property assets are included but there are caveat in Abaddonn multiplier the Abba da x it's not a true feature it is depending on motivation of buyer and the seller its brand name motivation by the by n buyer plays a more important role some buyers they have more of a synergistic so they have an ongoing businesses winery they were ad to buy or acquire and then enhance the valuable in overall so they are strategic buyer in the case they are willing to pay higher price in other side financial buyer they're not they're strictly buying based on cash flow so epidural multiplier is not a reliable factor there are some critical Christians for winery enterprise we are talking about winery as a business number one of the books maintained on a cash or accrual basis number two what inventory costing methodology is being used it can be FIFO or LIFO first thing first and a last in first out that makes a difference in the value well does the wineries source its grapes oak or some other area for our winery and vineyard leased from a related party some winery as a business they do not own vineyard but that owned by a family member or some other person they know in that case are they paying fair market rent their McCurdy's if it is not what is the pair of fair market rent number five where our future capital requirement in or to sustain or even to grow what kind of a capital expenditure they need to spend number six is the wineries forecast sometimes they have for sure they are making at all different assumption and forecast as that forecast is reliable value equation yes hurry set Evie is a p x s and t eb e stands for enterprise value as a total value the first one is profit Heba da is the profit cash flow but it does not measure the past or the future so s is sustainable is it a sustainable or in order to be sustainable what kind of a capital expenditure they need to spend and is it a transferable sometimes entity or winery self k is not transferable you need to get rid of as many other component so challenges is enough to make a double revenue and the profit how long it's gonna take here's an analogy here does it take 18 month for twins to be born or nine so you know to have a doubling of the revenue and profits need to have drivers to grow your in which a two-component market driver and then other driver is operational driver the first thing is a market driver you know to have broth what is your projection what's a goal with the size of market what is marker sheriock having is it a recurring revenue or the different kind of source of a new revenue or is the barriers to enter what is the uniqueness of your product product differentiation what about recognition your brand can you enhance it how the margin advantage as merchants winery they may have a team margin or what is the strategy for them or integrated or hybrid so what is the margin advantage it what direction you want to go and customer diversification those are kind of a mark driver you expand the market on the other side is operational inside as a company overview your goal financial sales and marketing department operating department and what is the customer satisfaction senior management are they motivated as they're putting on the you know time to manage the human resources that is there any legal challenge and innovation they're always room to improve or make innovate so those are kind total of eighteen drivers one market driver operational driver so you can enhance it increase the value you can contact to my website shown here and thank you so much for watching and please subscribe thank you and the let people drink more way

- Intro for Valuation of Wine Collections with Special Guest Melissa Smith: Kind: captions Language: en all righty we are live i think okay great just gonna wait a couple minutes make sure everyone has time to get on and most importantly we're gonna make sure we get melissa here before we start right at six no five o'clock all right great let's see all right we're just gonna make sure we can get melissa here before we start arrive five so we're going to take a little bit of time make sure everything's working happy monday another week all right melissa if you're here okay awesome there she is fantastic all right yes technology done family this is very exciting we're just gonna give it a couple moments make sure we're connected perfect looks like we are connected i think we got one more minutes before five o'clock so we're just gonna wait a little bit and give everyone a chance to walk on before officially starts but i am so excited i'm not gonna lie and we're getting a couple more people on here so it's beautiful good way to start a monday all right okay it is five o'clock so i'm gonna i'm gonna go ahead and start oh man so smart grab a glass of wine i should have done that i want this water okay everyone who is here i want to thank you for joining us today we have a very very special guest her name is melissa smith she's here with us and she's somebody that most of the wine collector doesn't even know they need in their life but she can create so much value in helping you evaluate and helping you taking the right steps towards your wine investments so i think it's really good to have her here but before we get started chatting with melissa i'm going to give you a little bit of background on her so she has actually a very diverse background related to wine so she has um she is a chef and also certifies summery and has held a job in both of those positions she also was one of the creator for the first iphone app to help people with wine pronunciation and god knows i need but i need a lot of help there and she's also worked as the head somewhere for one of the leading wine retailers in the country and of course in addition to that ships hosted a lot of in-person and virtual events for many really well-known companies such as google ibm and wells fargo's just to name a few however what really makes her unique and one of the reasons why she's that we were so happy that she's here today is that she is the first person to um certified by the california state bar association for her seminar on the valuation of wine collections and by the end of 2020 her programs are also cited or acquitted in other states such as texas oregon washington idaho utah colorado new york and connecticut and illinois so she's definitely kept herself busy um through the pandemic that's impressive so she continued to provide more and more value for more people across the country and her work has been covered by forbes and other major publications as well so very excited to have uh have her here and currently she's kind of pretty much flying all over the country to work on private seller was individual wine collector in addition to in addition to running a series of ncle which stands for minimal continue legal education this is for all attorney that is practicing actively practicing law they must complete ongoing legal training and she actually provides semilar for that and she worked directly with family laws and trust in the state attorneys where she provides a lot of um she provides a lot of resources for and a lot of value for those people working on legal cases and because of all the people other than just her attorneys finds so much value in her seminars she's also preparing for a cross-country tour giving her presentation an evaluation of an appraisal of one collector just for everyday people so this is amazing that we have her here sorry i was like you there's so much to cover so i'm sorry to take up so much time to just like going through the intro but i hope that's enough to let you know that this is the person you definitely want to have in your contact list and there are really not many of people like her out there so definitely take notes so i'm really grateful to have you here with us today to offer some insights to your knowledge um thank you for joining us and i'm for those of you who are watching make sure you stick to the end because there's going to be an opportunity later for you to sign up i'm going to share the information for you to sign up to join us for the full immersion the full presentation experience next month all right so thank you melissa thank you for having us being here and talking with us thank you for having me yes i mean so much to go over um but first i really wanted to kind of jump right into it and ask you just to tell me a little bit about your journey kind of this is such a unique a very uh interesting aspect of the wine industry and white perfection how did you ended up in this field because i know you kind of dabbled in a lot of different um different views as well so how did you end up here that's a great question and it's a little bit of a long answer but i'll try to keep it limited so i grew up in the bay area i moved to napa valley the week that i graduated high school to become a chef so i was working at the wine spectator greystone restaurant in saint helena as pastry chef and from there went to work at a restaurant called tara spent days off at the french laundry staging there but also spent time wine tasting at all the different wineries because i wasn't getting carded back then so got some really really great first hand experience not only working the wine spectator gray snow restaurant but being able to taste these incredible wines and this is in the late 90s so some pretty interesting vintages to say the least after that i traveled the world as a chef and then landed back in the bay area and decided i want to get paid to drink for a living so i ended up going through the quartermaster sommeliers getting my certification through them and then stumbled upon a retail shop called kly merchants that i'd never before heard of and while i was there they ended up wanting to bring me on as holiday help and then full time so i went from a floor position to the head somalia of the company while i was there i just got incredible first-hand experience with these amazing wines the owner of the company clyde buffa as you know is very generous so being able to experience wines from the late 1800s 1940s 1960s first growths all of these incredible authentic wines and then while i was there that's when i developed the iphone app for wine pronunciation because i saw that it wasn't just me struggling with it so i came up with it and uh and that was really fantastic for a while i stopped renewing it so if anybody's looking for it in the app store it's not there anymore but while i was there i was asked to inventory collections and none of the other guys wanted to do it and i you know jumped at the opportunity so i started doing it and really enjoyed it really really enjoyed it it takes probably a special kind of person to want to be locked up in a 56 degree wine cellar for six to eight hours at a time but it's where i thrive so while i was doing those i was also asked to do them for insurance and legal purposes when i told my attorneys about this who are also my best friends they said i need to come up with a legal presentation and so i did and i got that certified by the california state bar association and the nutrius was really kind of getting up and running i was getting this reputation as managing some really really high-end collections in silicon valley and then was also working full-time as a sommelier at silicon valley restaurants when the pandemic hit so when that happened i was able to really really focus on inotrias and i developed in-house proprietary software for inventory and collections which makes it incredibly efficient so much so that my rates are going up very soon um was able to get the cle certified in 10 other states in the country and have just continued to learn as much as possible prior to the pandemic traveling to as many wine regions as i could and post pandemic still getting to local wine countries and looking forward to going overseas as well so long and short of it i love it i i'm so incredibly impressed with how you i feel like you paid the weight this is not something people are doing previously it's a relatively new like niche so i'm so excited to kind of get a first hand before it really gets super big out there so that's really exciting and i know you're working with a lot of people in their private seller and working with a lot of the collectors i'm um you've seen the best and the worst and everything in between i will assume so with that being said i know a lot of the people who um are watching they are thinking about starting their collection so what is the one thing that you wish that every one collector knows because i you know just pursue your experience what are the couple things you can tell them wow okay so a few things um storage is imperative so if you're doing off-site storage one you want to make sure it's with a trusted place that has all of the security measures and that you're the only person that has access to the collection or if you're designing an in-home wine cellar that that is done by professionals that know what they're doing there's been some tragedies with people that don't know how to properly build wine sellers so that's big so having a place to store the collection is one of the first things because if you buy a case of first growth but you bring it home to your apartment in the city and it's sitting at 72 degrees in your apartment you know it's not going to be worth anything within a week so you really want to make sure that you have a place to store it second is provenance you want to make sure that you're buying from reputable sellers you want to make sure that you're not getting counterfeits that you're not purchasing wines that have been compromised in any way and then the next thing which i try to tell everybody is to get wine insurance your home wine insurance your home insurance does not cover wine collections you have to have either a separate writer or get wine specific insurance this is something that i've studied extensively so never be under the assumption that off-site storage facility provides insurance because they don't and never assume that your home insurance will cover it and in california with earthquake earthquakes fires floods in southern california and now especially with pg e shutting the power off for 24 hours to five days you know that can compromise an entire collection you could lose everything so you really really want to make sure that when you're making this investment that everything's covered so that that is starting to sound um intimidating i feel like almost for a lot of a beginning collector so what what is like the starting point what's the bar how much can people get away if someone wants to start a collection how much do they need to spend realistically for them for them to start their first collection usa that's a great question and if we're talking about investment it's different than if you're talking about just a personal consumption collection so if we're talking about an investment collection it's great to start out in the 10 000 range and making sure that you have good off-site storage in-home wine cellars a really great um actually the only wine refrigerator i recommend is lakosh so many of these other ones offered by well-known companies like box stores as well as i feel like you and i are thinking about the same but do you say we're not just we're just not saying it out loud because i can't ask the question all the time and yeah i think it's the same thing we're thinking of they always go hey i saw this great deal for this brand what do you think and i'm always like yeah yeah so definitely um don't cheap out i i can't tell you how many times i've gone into these homes with these gorgeous wine refrigerators that i know as soon as i open the door the shelves are going to be fallen off the labels are going to be scraping they are most flimsy things i've ever dealt with so lakosh is a brand that i stick by hands down there are a couple of wine cellar builders that i work with in the bay areas as well as around the country um so those are huge investments but if this is something you're taking seriously if wine is a passion of yours you know why not have that reflected in your home if you want to do it inexpensively you can find an off-site storage facility again you have to make sure it's a trustworthy place there's rumors about a place in on the peninsula where entire wine collections are missing so you need to make sure that you are verifying where you store this collection is a secure place and insured if we're talking about um collecting wine for personal consumption you can start on the low end a couple thousand dollars is a great place to start i always recommend getting three bottles of each wine that you once you you know discover that you like it something that you are digging you know definitely get at least three bottles so that you can revisit it because by the time you're really thoroughly enjoying it it's at the peak age and might be sold out everywhere it might be really hard to get so definitely get at least three bottles of everything yes i cannot agree with you more on that point three or more bottles because people always come back and say i really love the wine sorry you can't get it anymore so good tip good tip food there now tell me a little more if you don't mind because i know you work in the uh it was individual wine collector so exactly why is it that you do to help collectors with their wine collections boy i do a lot so i go in i fully organize the collection because i will say out of all of the collections that i've worked on only this one in new jersey that i just got back from was 95 to 100 organized every other seller i've been in people just they start out with a reason how they're organizing it and then they just start throwing bottles and bins and it makes no sense and it's a game of tic tac though and um and that's so hard it's so easy to lose track of bottles if it's not organized so i go in we examine what they have how they want to grow their collection what they want more of what how their tastes have changed and possibly things that they might want to consider selling so then we allow room in each column for growth and that's a really big one because as long as you have that then you can manage the rest of the area so i do that i work with collectors on designing wine cellars and then i work with the construction companies that actually build them out and these are people that have been doing it for decades and do beautiful jobs with them i do a full incredibly detail oriented inventory using the ennotreya software and this covers everything from vintage producer legal defined appellations bottle conditions any other notes where they were purchased if there are stickers price stickers on the bottle saying how much they initially paid for them all of that stuff is in the inventory and then we have the option of uploading that to a cloud-based system where i can assign evaluation appraise the wine send that information off to the insurance companies and post inventory services i provide are also brokering collections so i work with a lot of the top auction houses and retailers in the country to find my clients the best case scenario if they do want to sell their make sure that they're getting paid on time that they're getting the you know best payment options the best terms i do sourcing for my clients i work on getting them onto wine lists and a lot of those things i work with them doing wine pairings because i was a chef often times i'll have clients reach out to me that when they're doing an event and need wines paired specifically for their event so i will do menus created around wines that they have that they might want to drink one excuse to open up some of these caps they've been holding onto for decades i will go based on the caters menu pull out wines from their collection or source wines for their events a lot of different things i also provide remote sommelier services where they can forward me their invoices i can put those into the cloud-based system generate labels for them and things like that i also do barcoding not a huge fan of it but i do provide that service as well wow that's like that is really impressive i'm glad i asked you what a design you do because i think people probably wildly underestimate how much work it goes into just organizing a seller and how much work you do follow follow up like the follow-up work and the continuous support that you give to the client so that is really really incredible thank you so much of course if anyone's interested feel free to leave me a comment email me um anything at all i will help you connect connect you with melissa if you need that um services but the other thing i do also want to talk about because you're not when it comes to the when it comes to the seller part you're not the only person that's doing it and i know we have previous conversation and you share with me some of the practices because this is not a very established um regulated in in kind of professional industry this whole seller personal summary thing um so i know in our previous conversation and you share with me some of the practices that other white experts offer to private collectors um you know things ranging from like under over reporting the value of their seller all the way out to just straight up stealing from the seller because like you said um besides the one client you have most of them don't even know what they have in there so it's very easy uh for people to go in and kind of do a lot of uh do a lot of uh interesting thing i guess so can you tell me a little bit more of what you're what's going on what are you seeing is going on in this industry and how do you help protect your clients so no matter what it is with wine i want the clients you know know that the wines that they're sourcing are are perfect are have been stored properly that they're authentic they're not counterfeit that they have been compromised along the way and i'll have all of those conversations with people up front i want to know that the bottle of drc is in fact a bottle of drc and it's not something that was gifted to them by someone that just really wanted to impress them but it was in fact counterfeit um i want them to know that the off-site storage like i talked about that they are the only person that has access to it and that they are regularly checking it i don't care if you live in another country if you have 100 000 a million dollars worth of wine in an off storage facility i want you flying and checking on it in person annually at the minimum because if someone else has keys to your collection and that includes the storage facility you have to make sure that what's in there is still in there it's a huge thing you never know when someone's going to come on hard times and bottles are going to start missing also i've dealt with this a lot and it never ceases to make me so sick that there are somalis from restaurants that people are very excited to have you know manage their collection because they have a huge name they have a huge reputation i've seen a lot of bad stuff happen with with that so you want to make sure that you're vetting whoever you're allowing to come into your collection that you're continuing to check in on your collection that you're continuing to have conversations with whoever is managing your collection and i have retainers for my clients for this very purpose um you know ask for photographic proof of what's in the collection you just you need to know that what's there is there you don't want it you wouldn't put money in the bank and not continue to check on it and make sure things weren't being withdrawn without your knowledge that you weren't being charged for things you never you participate to make sure that they are trustworthy beyond who you see in a hospitality setting so that's a that's a really big one it's it's really big well thank you so much yeah i thank you so much for sharing that and i do love the passion that you have about protecting your clients and wanting to mix make sure everything's set up correctly and legally so your client is protected because i feel like so much of this industry is based on trust and there's not a whole lot of legal structure being set up so i'm really admiring the fact that you're getting that setup for the people that you work for and it's funny because you're doing it to protect them not going to protect you so i really admired you for doing that and i felt like i've learned so much and on things i didn't even know that i need to like watch out for as a wine collector just by talking to you for the short 20 minutes and this is just a tip of an iceberg and i guess that's kind of all the questions i have for you today because i know you're very very busy but one of the cool thing i do wanted to talk about is the fact that i was able to secure melissa to do a private event with just our group whoever want to sign up it is limited in the spacing because it's not just a seminar we're also going to send uh pick wines together and send out some simple wine so you can be doing what she's doing right now get to sip a little bit while learning about wine i'm just drinking water i should have just prepared something um and it's and the amazing part is i'm gonna especially be sending this to a few of my clients who are actually attorney here in and out of states because it does count you said you're because you are accredited so this seminar will come towards their continued education right that's what you said i mean i'm sorry like this is like the best continuing education like credit you can ask for as attorney i think to drink wine and learn about wine and be like here it is my continued education so i'm super excited about that uh so i just wanted to talk about the day that we have on the books right now is going to be another monday it will be next month so monday june 28th plenty of time for you to sign up it will be at 6 00 p.m pacific time and again the space are limited and i'm gonna right now go ahead and send a link down to this live event if i can find it if not i will do it later um to give you guys a link and email it out to send you guys a reminder as well but in this tape in this kind of private seminar and we're going to go really deep into all the things that you just touched on because you touched on a lot of different topics but we're going to go deep into it and she's going to give us a lot of specific line that is going to hold up well and probably a lot of tips on how to really build up a well rounded wine collec collection and all that good stuff i'm super duper excited um and again i really appreciate your time and kind of all your expertise here i guess we um if you have any question of course feel free to leave a comment below i'll answer all thin in the future but in the meantime make sure you hit up this event and we will see you more in that next month sounds good so thank you if you have any other follow-up questions after this please feel free to reach out to me at enoterius.com that's e-n-o-t-r-i-a-s dot com and i'm happy to answer any questions but would really really love to have you join our event we'll be talking about all of the legal things that we need to cover as well as investment wines and um and wine collecting and appraisals in general so it'll be a really really great event for us awesome well thank you melissa i'll make sure to send all the links below and we'll talk to you again surely thank you all right thank you go grab a glass of champagne yes cheers bye

- Feeding The Super Rich: The Secrets of Luxury Dining: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] London is now home to more billionaires than any other city on the planet he this home is London who doesn't love London and like all of us they need feeding this is edible Golden Sewer has no flavor whatsoever but while we use the supermarket and millionaires use the michling guide hi I'm here to see Jean Philip billionaires use a private network of luxury food suppli we provide the most expensive coffee in the world it's £300 per cup and it's worth it billionaires want what no one else can have these cost £5,000 per shot wow that would be about £12,000 W impressive to survive in this new high stakes Market they must be willing to go to any length to Source the finest food and drink every single bottle of this has been around the world in barrels lashed to the deck of a ship and satisfy the appetites of the world's most demanding clients the Middle Eastern Market love a bit of bling I mean I definitely have my salmon man who smokes his salmon and he plays live jazz music to it and it makes the salmon taste better for me go big or go home Laura King is Britain's largest importer of caviar she's an expert at selling to the super rich I guess if I saw baked beans I'd have a different clientele but the people that I deal with are the wealthiest in the world generally over 25 years Laura has supplied the world's most expensive food to Classic establishments like clares hars the rits and even to the queen she's fantastic but London is a city in transition old wealth is on the decline and new money is pouring in over half of the capital's properties worth over 10 million are now owned by foreign money of course there's still old money um but more and more I suppose as that old money disappears there's a lot of um new money coming into London and I think people want to spend it and they want to spend it on the best things you've got to try and keep ahead of the game to entice this new breed of centel to her business Laura's hosting a caviar tasting at russian-owned jewelry theater specializing in luxury Diamond Couture see again it's a magnet for new Young foreign wealth matab Jamal is an Iranian fashion designer now residing in London the fact that there are a lot of billionaires or like uh fine kind of living people living in London and in England um it's just normal in a way and they aren't afraid to flaunted money comes money goes you know but if you are living in a way that makes you truly happy then do whatever you would like to do and when it comes to spending they're in A League of Their Own it's the per big dummy the 18 K white gold it's £8,500 one of our best sellers it's not about the price you're spending on certain things it's about how you feel with something everything in luxury is nice something I've never done I think the people who buy diamonds definitely at that same Market that are probably going to be buying caviar so we're tasting four caviar today when we taste caviar we always taste it on the back of our hand and and we do that so nothing impairs the taste you just get the taste of the caviar you would not even use a gold spoon if you use gold or silver it would oxidize I mean I haven't got any solid gold um spoons but I I I I invest in Laura's world when you want to win over new clients diplomacy is everything especially when presented with a dizzying mix of wealthy Iranians Russians and Lebanese Beluga is the most expensive historically Iran was always the best I grew up in parts of Russia so I know about uh Beluga I don't know much about the rest and I remember it it's been very soft sometimes people say to me oh we're doing a tasting can we have Russian Farm caviar and I won't buy it because the quality is just so poor is awful they used to be the leaders it's a very small farm in Belgium that I work with they produce the best the best caviar really um I think you'll be surprised in terms of how soft they all are take a spoon and then just dig in dig into the middle and put it on the back of your hand please please Perfect very that's how it should be that's how it always should be it's very good taste beautiful what's not good about it in top hotels this 1.8 kilo tin of beluga can retail for £24,000 caviar is rare so even farmed you've got to wait 12 years before the Beluga will be ready to produce the eggs it it's the Rarity it's the time it takes you and that's what denotes the cost next is the slightly cheaper oeta go for it go for it I like the texture of this one more because it's firmer and I usually like more expens expensive things so it doesn't matter who you are everyone is going to be impressed by caviar tasting because not everyone's done it and it's Unique it's special and of course it's incredibly expensive and people like all that stuff as the world's wealthiest flock to Britain the private jet industry is booming London airports now have handle almost 270 private flights every day and ex-private Chef Daniel Hume is the man who wants to provide their onboard meals London for me is now the ultra high Networth capital of the world Africa is becoming a big market for us um we have a big Middle Eastern and Russian base the individuals flying on these aircraft money is no longer an object for them we've seen bedrooms Cinemas steam rooms I know of one aircraft where they've had a glass floor put in so the owner can see his cars I know a few chefs that work on us on board where the owner in the bubble of the 747 is decked out like a BWI tent and it has a goat roaster or a sheep roaster on board owners can spend hundreds of millions of pounds on their private planes so the last thing they want is second rate food Daniel supplies them with Michelin star quality meals to eat at at 40,000 ft I think the private jet has to be one of the most challenging places in the world to produce high-end food you going to mug me I might going to mug you is that gorgeous or what eh and I believe I can run a decent marathan thank you very much download V now if you're in a commercial airline an economy meal is going to cost the airline is roughly between a one and two pounds for that meal moving up to first class is going to cost between £ and10 maximum for us we're looking at average about 250 to 1,000 per head the bar for us is set very very high because the individuals who we're serving only got there by demanding the best let's get it on to tr um and then we can start plating it yeah let's go let's go we're going to run we're going run out of time but Daniel doesn't just make high-end food to accommodate his client demands he's become a One-Stop shop sourcing anything they desire direct to their plane hi Nina it's Shina calling from on air dining how are you we will get you whatever you want and but you got to pay for it you got to we charge conage fees for a driver to go and get that product and we had one a couple of weeks ago where they wanted 25 Happy Meals okay I just need to order some mini white orchids we have clients who who order extremely spicy curry if they could be wrapped in a Banana Leaf please and then they'll order 2,000 bottles of muton rild 98 and they'll Swig that down how they can taste it I don't know everybody likes what they like in this world we have to be very careful that the product delivered and the service delivered is absolutely on point every single time but even if you fly all over the world in your jet it's still nice to be able to drop into your local bar with a chili salvator crazy is the barman behind mayfair's Playboy club favored watering Hall of the super rich I have a multi- international clientele you know from middle eist to Russian Aristocrat billionaire you name it they want find things that maybe you know they can afford to have and why not and to please his clients salvator is been collecting rare and exclusive Spirits his whole life the Cesar the forge 1805 1824 cier this is a roer from 1865 Lincoln was shot in 1865 this is a 1788 the year before the French Revolution all the American Constitution it is a very very very rare cognac these cost £5,000 per shop let's say out of this bottle now there is about another six people could drink out of this bottle once it's gone B so I'm very careful who I'm going to give it to right this is not a question of how much money you have the Integrity here is you deserve the experience Russian property Tycoon Lev loginov believes he does well I think it's uh it's important to have a taste of what world has to offer because I never tasted anything that old so £5,000 for a single shot is it worth it I guess yes always will be pay probably for it the appetites of Britain's new super rich are growing the UK's luxury goods Market is currently worth 6.6 billion and is set to double in the next few years King is Fine Food Holly speaking how can I help recently certainly in the last year people are buying more caviar and individuals are definitely buying more caviar we're seeing people buying larger quantities of cavat something's going on it's a far cry from when Laura King started selling caviar 25 years ago I didn't even like it took me 10 minutes to must up the sort of strength to think I've got to eat this stuff okay Paul I'll get you six jars okay cheers Paul thanks bye bye now Laura has built Kings into a family business my sister Sally who joined the business when did you join uh July 2012 it's another world isn't it yeah it's a sort of family business because obviously my husband packs cavar I'm I'm the slave I'm freezing even in the summer but with London's modern Elite creating a lucrative New Market Laura thinks the business needs a new plan of attack what about have you got the blue so her latest recruit is her 21-year-old daughter Holly where'd you get those from C they look really 250 mhm H&M what recently yeah L the weekend I thought they'd be nice for work bargain I get it from you 250 but this is only Hol second job after leaving school okay I am very sorry about that and she's got much to learn from her mom about selling the world's most expensive food sometime this week or I probably first tried caviar about about two years ago and she opened the T and I was just like I'm not going to lie I felt a bit sick at first cuz it doesn't look that appealing I honestly never thought that I'd go into cavar so this afternoon we're going to um we're going to do this thing with with uh this sort of high net worth Chinese chat so I'll get you to spoon out the Cav on the back of the hand so make sure you don't drop it or throw it remember last time when I was spooning it out on people's hands I got confused with what was what Holly went to give him the caviar and Spilled it all down him he didn't look very impressed did he China is now minting more billionaires every year than any other country to attract this new wealth to Britain the home office is fast tracking more residency visas for Chinese millionaires than any other nationality but I think the Chinese don't particularly know about Cavo yet so that's another challenge on the list that's one Holly will be pursuing I think I am quite a slow learner but I think I've picked up quite quickly but I think that has got a lot to do with the fact that I'm learning from the best so that helps sweet the old money is is being replaced with new money I think with new money there's a lot more of it individual clients could spend £120,000 on caviar it's a lot of money 33-year-old Jing wayi was educated at Cambridge and Harvard in Computing and finance he's a very 21st century entrepreneur this is my daughter Holly this is J oh nice to meet you do you like cat um to be honest with you I'm very new to this tell me someone said to me that there is a Chinese proverb that if you eat fish row uh fish EGS you'll be bad at maths yes how do you know that I trust me I know everything about China now I've learned a lot about China what do you do uh it's pretty new uh it's in cryptocurrency I'm not sure You' heard of that Bitcoin and is it successful it is quite good I mean it took us a month from zero to 0.7 yeah 0.7 million US Dollars wow a beluga sturgeon in the wild could be more than a ton in weight 4 M long so that's the size of a sort of mini I mean it's massive it's the most expensive food in the world I see and it's what they call an acquired taste that t very different from anything I've tried before that to a private individual would be about £12,000 W impressive one hotel in London sells it for £14,000 a kilo that I Supply I see so i' buy from you direct to much better yeah you get a much better deal yeah yeah please have I suppose caviar stands for wealth it stands for luxury it stands for the best uh maybe it makes some people feel important it makes them feel that they've got a lot of status obviously it is luxury food but I personally think in China yeah a lot of young Chinese couples they they they might have have western style weddings so this might be a good fit have you got a wedding coming up [Laughter] probably millionaire property investor Lev loginov is about to drink the last drop of an 1811 cognac Napoleon Grand Reserve salor how are you very good nice to see you nice to see you oh please sit down oh it's going to be a special day for you today I'm expecting a a baby in the next few days addition to the family so for me I would probably associate special memory now but I had this last shot of his CNAC on the two days or a day before my baby was born the last drop of History Lu him wowow my hand are shaking because of this this is the last shot of an historical bottle remember only very few people out of the world have drunk of the this B so you actually truly finish a part of History something you will never be able to do for the rest of your life and this is an extrordinary idea 1811 was a Austria declar bankruptcy we went bankrupt as a country on 1811 oh my my God you know so a true historical moment you drinking something that is truly in replaceable okay it's said Symphony in the glass that's a special day very thank you God bless you my friend look how deep and rich is the color and the smell say something special yeah very special it's 200 years history let's close the chapter in history done thank you it's a pleasure great experience as I said before it's a for me it's experience it's going back in the history it also creates memories like for me it will be a special memory because of a a child I'm expecting in the next few days as the rich get richer their spending is escalating beyond belief top end private jets are in higher demand than ever before this brand new plane was custom built for its owner it cost over 60 million and took 5 years to finish today Daniel Hume of on air dining is on a research trip and going on board a client's jet is something he rarely gets to do oh that's exciting my brain's going beautiful aircraft it's got you got the club lounges you have the uh bedroom at the back this is my client base these are these are the people that we I have spent 5 years is developing and designing and growing my business and this is my ideal kind of client but for Daniel it's the flight attendant who is his most important point of contact we don't deal with the end passenger for us it's all about the flight attendant the flight attendant is the client they're the ones who have the the control of what food is on board um and that relationship with us and them has to be absolutely seamless I think the worst thing for us is when somebody ask asks you for you know something specific and you say I'm sorry I don't have it in this line of Industry you just can't I have used yogurt for instance on board that was sourced from a herd of cattle that or cows that um had a name they the cows had names they had numbers and that was important to the client they wanted to know that this specific yogurt came from this specific her of cow if you're seeing the world from the eyes of someone who owns a private aircraft and a private you've seen most things so having something that tells a really cool story like food makes things more interesting and knowing precisely what the modern billionaire wants means Daniel must set the highest standard we do not negotiate on produce now every cater and restaurant in the world will tell you they use the best produce they're price conscious we're not price conscious we're in a side of the industry which is fantastic for my chefs is they can use whatever product they like we just charge accordingly for it but creating top quality food from the finest produce is not easy at 40,000 ft when you're in the air you lose um a good you lose about 50% of the flavor of salt so when we design a dish we look at making sure there's plenty of umami and strong flavors that can blast through the dryness on board it's not just the food's Provence and taste that have to be perfect presentation is key these are our squeezy bottles quite proud of these these took me 18 months to find they have the perfect squeeze I'm I'm quite perfectionist I'm a little bit OCD when it comes to things like that but for all Daniel's attention to detail it won't be him plating up on board have you seen the list of attendees you started C so he invites flight attendants to his base at stanstead to show them how to serve his culinary Creations as you know some of your clients are very very particular on what they like and how they like things presented I think certainly on private jets food is most definitely theater something for them to do to pass the time some clients I flew one recently who wanted um their cat to eat out of Crockery basically so I set up a place for the cat as I would for the human passengers what I'm going to do is and which you're going to practice doing but even if you have one of Daniel's special squeezy bottles plating up to look like a work of art isn't easy even on the ground not doing so well that's very nice very precise you got space on both sides there most of the clients I've worked with personally have been um billionaires or or multi-billionaires and it gets quite frustrating sometimes because they'll ask you for something think really random like you've just left London and now you're in the middle of a snowy Village in Russia and they want to caprus Cream Egg and there were millions of them where you just left but now they want it today and you can't find a Cream Egg in Russia fantastic brilliant you you can't really say no in a way it's like they pay us to keep them happy to make their life easy and if if they want something they got to have it Richard Hardwick and Dave Foster sell coffee but not just any coffee we do something no one else does we provide the rarest most exclusive most expensive coffee in the world it's like the Rolls-Royce of coffees really or the Bugatti Bugatti really today just a few doors down from Roman Abramovich on one of London's most exclusive streets they're meeting a respective new client hi how do you do okay we're here to make you beautiful coffee millionaire artist and socialite Amanda elash H you magicians we are the Wizards of coffee are you we set it up here for you no problem good yeah you're you're about to be wow David's our director of Global Experience so he will make a very special cup of coffee so we have three coffees that we offer bespoke beverages uh one is our Emerald which is £1,000 a kilo so about10 a cup and then we have one called Ruby which is our signature coffee which is beautiful and that's oh that's so good you can have that every morning that's £60 a cup and then we have the coffee that we're about to have and this is the rarest coffee in the world it's the KL Diamond this is £325 a cup and once you try it it is worth it my goodness I can't wait delic deepen the Sam jungle wild coffee bushes produce coffee cherries which are foraged by a small mammal called a luak it's like a little weasel cat and a weasel and they live in the rain forest this is the little animal oh my God he's adorable they run around and they come out at night and they just love eating the coffee cherries they just love it every single Coffee Bean that's picked up they treat it like a diamond cuz it's so precious to them that's fabulous having selected the most succulent coffee cherries the luac eats them it's not bitter that's exactly what that's it that's exactly it so the reason why as you said that oh so good there's no uh the acidity and no bitterness like you'd normally get is because as it passes through their system um the end enzymes actually reduce the acidity in the Coffee Bean that's why it tastes so smooth let me get this absolutely straight do they spit out the Cherry no no it passes through their system and so they poo it out yeah oh my God yeah goes through their system and the next day we scoop them up and then we um dry them and clean them we do that with every single Bean it's Absolut crazy no wonder it's so expensive that is quite extraordinary so that's why it's so rare it's rarely because it's pure nature yeah nature and its finest yeah it's just a beautiful thing to end a meal with why Life's too short for bad coffee and if there's one place you should never serve bad coffee it's on a private jet um I mean the coffee is is absolutely incredible I've never tasted a flavor like it I thought wouldn't this be amazing if we could actually put these into desserts Daniel hume's business promises to revolutionize food on private planes so he's constantly Under Pressure to reinvent the dining experience this is edible gold and silver and what better way than to use the world's most expensive coffee to create the ultimate range of desserts the coffee is the most expensive product it's a case of we're creating a dessert that is is a Showcase of who we are as a brand to brainstorm the future of pudding Daniel has brought together top mixologist Simon Weston from pontoon drinks head chef Colin Barnett and general manager Kevin Duxbury what are we looking on the cost the the two most expensive things that we could use here are one of 32 karat gold gold leaf if we use that if there's a platinum that's obviously going to be more expensive the other thing is is a coffee we know that the coffee is is it300 the higher bre is is 300 p cup therefore one one tablespoon is 300 quid so the big question is is how far do we want to go you know ultimately we are a business and we need to you know make things commercially viable but this is for me go big or go home I mean this is really what this is about try this this is linear acit oh yeah and every single bottle of this has been around the world in barrels lashed to the deck of a ship last night about an ice cream that's the most expensive ice cream in the world because they get the water from the ice caps on the top of a mountain in Africa that the ice cap is mounting but the storyline behind that and the value in that because of the story is enormous I'm not sure whether that's going to get picked up by some of our customers no I disagree completely disagree the modern millionaire and billionaire if you like the young entrepreneurial side of things is it's the that's that's what they're looking at it's about having having just extraordinary Providence to the ingredients are in there at the end of the day guys we're still a business and we still got to make money if we're talking about a base cost of 500 to 600 with a 200% with a times 4 200% markup on it you're looking at two grand base just to create the using using a very using the world's most expensive coffee in the Elite world of culinary one-upmanship Food suppliers must constantly raise their gain justtin horn is a private Chef to the super rich and to stars like MC Jagger this is wagu It's a breed of cow from Japan but as sometimes fed beer or saki massaged and played uh music to order to improve the flavor very good be be when cooking for a private client Justin has no budget his only brief is to impress when you're cooking for the super rich you've got to do more you got to do better you want you want to provide the best of the best I think it's great to be able to surprise them with things that they've never tried or can't even you know get hold of it's nice to be able to deliver that are unattainable and now his clients won't settle for anything less which means Justin has become an expert in the rarest Delicacies and extreme food one thing I've heard of called PES or the goose neck Barnacle which I've been wanting to try out and I'm suggesting to a client of mine next week actually for one of our dinner parties we're having and I'm very much looking forward to to surprising them but the unattainable can come at the highest price through the winter months as unrelenting Atlantic swells batter the gysan coast a small group of men risk their lives to harvest the local delicacy forz or goose neck Barnacles these men known as persos use the simplest of equipment to secure themselves onto the rocks the most highly prized PES are the most dangerous to harvest growing deep below the water line it's estimated that each year five persos die harvesting this rarest of foods on average a pero will earn €400 a day but by the time these Barnacles reach London they can cost more per gram than gold far away at the other end of the food chain London's luxury hotels are welcoming more wealthy tourists than ever before foreign visitors now spend more than 21 billion each year good news if you run an exclusive Mayfair Hotel like Browns well our guests are looking for the ultimate in luxury experience they like um the best of everything and I suppose that includes cavia Lydia Forte is the daughter of Soko Forte and aest to the multi-billion pound Forte Hotel Empire I haven't seen that one she's responsible for food and beverages at Browns and with new money in town wants the finest caviar to land um a a big client like Browns or the the 40 group would be fantastic for Kings but Laura thinks it's time for daughter Holly to step up and pitch for the business herself so she's bought her to a caviar Farm in France to learn more about her precious product are you going to hold no I'm not got my best coat on no way not fa no way I say in 2006 it became illegal to catch wild sturgeon and now all caviar is farmed the fish are given an ultrasound to see if their eggs are ready to be harvested I see if mature the sturgeon are humanely killed and their eggs removed my gosh it smells so fishy there you know like Play-Doh when you're a kid it feels like that we will um we will taste it if you want to taste that it's not fishy it's not fish Tes just nutty it's quite just it's just one taste just nutty that's the only way I can describe it one fish can produce 2,000 worth of caviar I've got much more understanding as to why the product is so expensive I I've just I think I've just when I get home just got to put it to the test go out do cavar tasting at stanstead airport Daniel Hume has decided to include the world's most expensive coffee in his new Ultimate dessert experience and has hired top pastry chef Sophie gaget to make it it is very special and exciting I've never use so expensive ingredients in my whole life from what I understand it comes in James Bond suitcase and it's a very very important coffee and very expensive colen do we have the little extract I hope it tastes really uh what we pay for very exciting we do need to be very precise on on what we're doing we've got to try and find the balance where the coffee is still the star but it's surrounded by great supporting actors two each drop is precious things for us that could go wrong is the coffee flavor completely disappears 8 9 10 just putting a little syrup to make a caramel and I'm going to drop a bit of this coffee Essence in it to see if it would take the flavor as well and how much I need to uh to put in while nobody's looking I can use a little bit more so one two three four five I'm trying to make a statement with these desserts that we are a company who thinks differently at this level is demand for the best there is nothing else in central London Holly is on her way to her first solo pitch of King's caviar to the multi-billion pound Forte Hotel Group to get to supply a client like Lydia Forte to be able to get into you know all of her hotels and restaurants would be absolutely phenomenal it is quite intimidating yet ever since I was a little girl I can pretty much Remember Loving cavier my grandmother and every year she used to do these amazing Christmas drinks and one year they found my cousin and I aged three and a half sitting under a coffee table in the corner of a sitting room having polished off half the plate of the cavar cannon pie so yeah I think I've always liked it quite a lot it would be brilliant and great to do it to a woman who's sort of taking over the mantle of fores and obviously long term that's what Holly's going to be doing with Kings and and similar sort of situation really I think the thing about Holly is she's far more coherent than I am really and what does that mean so yeah yeah nice to meet you want to take a seat what we're going to do is we're g to start with the Beluga which is this one here um and the Beluga it can weigh up to to a ton in weight she's spent 8 months in the business and now is the time where she's going to start to go out and to visit customers it should taste quite creamy W nutty very subtle there is a new generation of of wealth coming up so for Holly and for the business to get into that is just fantastic this is oeta the way it looks I've definitely got got some big shoes to fill but hopefully I'm getting there slowly delicious I mean would you consider doing sort of like a co-branded sort of Roco Forte own label 10 G caviar or would that be something talk about it I think that would be really interesting the group as a whole yeah yeah thank you so much for the tasting um it's delicious my mom she always say to me in about 5 years I'm going to be on a beach in Barbados with my sunglasses on I'm going to throw my phone in the seat and I'm not going to come back but I can't see her retiring anytime soon how it go I think it went really badly she said you were really good I about those two I said they're both Barry oh did you yeah that's gold then did you Rectify no oh okay yeah I think I need to sort of SWAT up a lot more well you had it's your first one isn't it R wasn't built a day I'm really I'm really proud of you Holly and I bet she has made a sale so it's perfect Holly is now officially a king's fine food sales executive theid and is building her own network of affluent young clients 100% you will receive it I think the thing that I've found most shocking is how like so many people sort of spend so much money on food it's just it's it's mindblowing but I guess if it's what you want then you're willing to spend whatever and you've got the money then there's nothing stopping you after months of research and almost 20,000 pounds spent on development Daniel is finally ready to unveil his Trio of desserts there is a level of trying to understand and get into the Super Rich mindset the individuals flying on these aircraft money is no longer an object for them my only concern with the plating on this one will be these it's not about the money anymore it's about the provence of what you're eating each dessert incorporates the world's most expensive coffee sourced from the Sumatran jungle where it's been eaten and excreted by an Asian Palm civit cat that's how people want to eat nowadays and I think that's what we want to create the top end Diamond dessert is made from Malaysian coconut milk blended with madagascan vanilla and a copy luak coffee sphere infused with theou topped with 24 Karat gold it will retail on board for over £400 a plate tasting the desserts are two of Daniel's biggest clients from leading private jet operator gamma Aviation their clients are some of the wealthiest people in the world so is this the world's most expensive dessert it will be one of the most world's most exclusive desserts in food terms you can put it there with you know your rolls-royces and your Elite jewelry has anybody had a no had a taste of it yet we are experimenting on that's amazing is good this in itself you get the real flavor of the ACT how the coffee actually tastes the the dark mousse that is it's an amazing dish just understanding that sort of level of craftsmanship that goes into it is going to be key to having this this in the air food tastes better when you've got the story it's as simple as that and this will this tastes amazing already but imagine once you've got the theater once you've got the story brilliant do you think there are clients that would be open for paying for it there's definitely a market for it and there' definitely be people interested in it well this end of the industry right at the top end I would put it less down to showing off and more down to how people want a story perishable Goods the bigger you can make that story and the more elaborate and the more interesting wow the more they like it oh Justin Horn's pabas have arrived fresh from the churning Waters of the Galician Coast they're like the prehistoric dinosaur fingers it's crazy that people die to someone can have it on their plate so I think for some clients that would be a good dinner table story nowadays people are buying more than just a plate of food the story behind it is massively important people always want to have have a one upman ship in their dinner parties and they like to like to impress the guests so these I think would do the job everybody's looking for that thing that's a little bit different surprisingly good actually that's never been done before never been seen before next week we're doing a wedding with uh 200 gold hot dogs everybody's looking for what's next how much could you charge for for that plate you think I don't know maybe £1 a plate1 a plate you're buying the story that goes with it where will it end I don't know I can't say giant uh octopus giant squid if a client came to you and said you know I want to eat giant squid would you take it on if a client asked me to make giant squid um yeah if I could get a hold of it London is now home to more billionaires than any other city on the planet hey this home it's London who doesn't love London and like all of us they need feeding this is a type of gold leaf is it this is edible gold and silver has no flavor whatsoever but whilst we use the supermarket and millionaires use the meling guide hi I'm here to see Jean Philip billionaires use a private network of luxury Food suppliers we provide the most expensive coffee in the world it's £300 per cup and it's worth it because when money is No Object I think we're going to probably charge about £100,000 a kilo woohoo all that the super rich desire is exclusivity billionaires want what no one else can have we have shorter attention spans and we want to move on to the next thing to succeed Britain's top food producers must innovate like never before this little frog basically is is the future of food I mean I definitely have my salmon live jazz music to it so and it makes the salmon taste better I think it does in the world of the super rich where Fine Wines and rare caviar are a commonplace standing out from the crowd can be difficult when your friends can afford anything money alone won't make your dinner party SP special so you need the right people to Source Products no one else can get their hands on I sell white I sell black I sell by gram this product is a it's like it's a commodity and it changes on a weekly basis Mira cesi is one of Britain's most exclusive truffle dealers but her number isn't easy to cumber I don't publicize I don't Market myself I am a very niche business with a very Niche product and it's really By Word of Mouth um I can either get to you after the 12 um or I can come anytime this evening so you just let me know whatever works for you the minimum order is 100 gram and that has to be fairly Central London Mayfair nightsbridge Belgravia Notting Hill St John's Wood hamstad Holland Park Kensington I'm delivering all over London the fact is that I ofer for a very highly personal service and offering a very high highly personalized service means that you know you feel extra special how would I get your number in the first place ah you got to be in the no you know God how do you get my number available for only a few months of the year truffles are one of the world's most expensive fungi it's a real kind of mushroomy kind of garlicky smell harvested in the wild from under the ground a single truffle can be worth over ,000 and in top restaurants The Mirror's slice adds hundreds to the bill and for merror business is booming please take them off wow so these are the big pieces okay lately she's been selling 10 kilos of truffles a week my business is definitely a sign of the times need half a kilo just before we met I did a delivery for a kilo how much is a kilo £2,000 I thought we were in age of austerity not if you look at the Truffle Market it's definitely not austerity if Mira sour is the finest truffles then Tom Harrow is her equivalent in wine known as WI Wine Chap Tom is one of Britain's foremost wine experts specializing in finding the most exclusive vintages Michelle Hi how are you nice to see you good to see you very nice to see you thanks very much for uh seeing me today um as I think I mentioned I've got this uh um client who who is very interested in a particular bottle of wine I think it's a pretty special bottle and you're one of the very few restaurants in the world that actually lists it so um that should be rather exciting actually once I've got you in the chef's Library just behind you one moment I have something here that you might be interested in oh the original wine list one of the yep yep dating back to I think it's 1969 oh that's awesome but if you look at the prices look at that any look at the Grand EO from domain ramti for £46 wow I I don't suppose you got any bottles of that left over and you haven't put another markup on just just maybe dreon oh wow that bottle would now cost £4,000 and Michel R's seller is one of the best in the country but in Tom's world it's never about price but about how difficult it is to obtain and here we are here are the bad boys and and there's our there's our one the domain Romany Cony 99 a snip at 12,433 a bottle now that sounds really expensive but I mean I know you can pay more than that retail yes which is amazing and Chapo frankly it's one thing to Source expensive rare wines it's another thing to seek the unobtainable and that's really the level at which I operate and try uh wherever possible to succeed Tom sources wine from across the world hey hey Tom hi guys how are you very well often only buying single bottles that nobody else even knows about so this is the9 now about 60000 brilliant thanks guys thanks London has become a a playground for The Wealthy and they are quite demanding unquestionably they're they're used to getting their own way and getting what they want so what do you get for people who can have everything whatever they can't have London's wealthy Elite want these experiences which frankly give them bragging rights at dinner parties that's what I deliver no you can't freeze them oh no no no no no no you you don't need to you don't need to freeze it whatsoever if you freeze it it'll turn to Mush for other people in the luxury food industry competition to supply the super rich is driving Innovation so you know I would hate you to have this kind of like you know shriveled mush on your plate and you you'd be pretty annoyed as well Ken Benning works in the increasingly crowded world of caviar the days of Russian Iran are gone the Germans produce caviar the Americans produce cavi the Chinese produce fantastic cavar you know China cavar people think China cavar how can the Chinese CH it must be fake must be synthetic but there not it's very cavar as more and more people Farm caviar and as more and more Farms get up to speed the price of caviar's coming down to keep his label exclusive Ken has had to innovate two years ago he set up Britain's first caviar Farm look at that that's a bloody big hole that is that is a very very good rosac we're the only ones are British we knew that some chefs would would would buy buy British um and it went down very very well yeah fresh Cav half an hour ago that fish was swimming to stand out from his competition Ken is constantly searching for something new this month he launching a project which promises to turn the world of caviar on its head why are we looking at a frog because that little frog is the future of food so that little frog has been you at the Forefront of uh you know cancer research regeneration technology cell regeneration stem cell technology and the results and what this stuff does is phenomenal Ken has discovered that the African clawed frog has miraculous medicinal properties he plans to infuse an extract from the Frog's spawn into his caviar to create a new elixir of Youth caviar XL when I first heard about it I thought to myself you know it is a joke um I got very excited about it but something inside me said actually there's probably something here Cavo XL is sturgeon Cavo real sturgeon cavio infused with an extract of the zenopus laus Frog I think we're going to probably charge about 100,000 a kilo over the next 3 weeks as London's Elite indulge in the holiday season these three suppliers will have their busiest period of the year one which could make or break their businesses there's no safety net what you see is what you get and you know if we screw up we go busted it's early December in central London and wine expert Tom Harrow is collecting £1,000 worth of wine for a very special event well we're off to Timothy Everest's tailor in the heart of smittle fields we're going to be working on two or three floors in the building and in each floor we'll have a different mannequin with a different out fit that represents one of the key Bond characters and a key Bond film which corresponds with one of the drinks that will be pairing up with that this weekend Tom is hosting four millionaires on a British themed wine day Tom Tim I'm well their final destination will be the studio of Tim Everest a tailor who has designed some of James Bond's most recent outfits so have a look in here Tom I just started to think we could do a sort of Sean conry Roger Moore kind of thing here so I was going to do a little vignette as we've done before so I think this could be champagne centr I love it I love it at £4,000 per person this day out will be much more than simply wine tasting this Sunday we're going to pack as much wine Gastronomy based fun into a morning and afternoon as we can we're starting off at coats and C Le down in Hampshire who are an amazing English sparkling wine producer we're then doing some truffle hunting near by with some friends of mine uh which will be lots of fun and then we're going to scoop back up to London to do a drink like Bond tasting drinking all the most amazing wines that James Bond drinks this room could be quite nice we'll take the rail out and again we'll lay it out as if we were cutting the thing which will make this day different it's quite simply that no one else has ever done it before no one else could do it and we've put together something which quite frankly no one else has the access to do achieving The Impossible is a common goal for many people supplying the super rich and Ken Benning thinks he might have just done it his caviar XL infused with frogspawn extract could have life-enhancing properties but his colleagues are skeptical including his wife jamaa in my mind I don't know having done science and whatever you you feel you need a certain element of proof um you know and and all the all the things show you proof no I know but you need to actually see it I can show you proof we can bring it around the screen now and I'll show you basically this little xl93 as I got to call it I've named it xl93 they've tested this uh they've fed it to mice and the mouse has lived 1.7 times longer than the mouse that wasn't fed it the only reason why you die is because basically your brain dies you get old the body starts regenerating and what we're trying to do is introduce products which help your body to continue regenerating but we're going to launch it in a caviar product at the top of the market think think about food that basically goes into you does stuff for you and then goes out of you not chemicals not chemicals tool regeneration reorganization and reanimation do you remember when um Kenneth first told you about this um the Horny Toad as I like to call it um it was only a few weeks ago wasn't it it was a couple of weeks ago when um when the guy had come through from the states so um so yeah and it just seems to have spiraled into a whole new event in uh in Ken's World I think is it is the strictly Ken's World then I I think it's mainly a Ken project at the moment yeah 10 years ago Ken's business happily sold normal caviar but as it's become cheaper the super rich now requires something more exclusive caviar alone is no longer Posh enough we have to grow if we sit still you know there I mean every day there's someone else online trying to sell caviar and trying to uncut us and you know or they're trying to sell to our customers and you know it's it's a doggy dog world if we get this right you can make money out of it sure but it's not actually about the money it's about having something that no one else has and providing that to our kind of customers because that's what they like as well they want to have something no one else has there's only a certain amount of restaurants you go to there's only a certain amount of times you can rent that yach but after a while you know these people they kind of they want the next thing and they're they're willing to pay for it hello hello the desire for exclusivity is never more apparent than in the world of white truffles I have 1 and 1/2 kilos of white and a kilo of black but like caviar oysters and other favorites of this truffle has a humble history the iron is is truffle started off as a peasant food it was the food the poor weight in Italy and today it's become one of the most sought-after food items in the world this is kind of worth you know 100 quid And1 what do we find valuable what is it that we value as a society is it really about the Del delacy is it really about the fact that this is any available 2 months a year and that you're really passionate about it which actually for some people it is or is it really about it's so expensive and it's kind of feels almost like it's unattainable so you must at all costs attain it like many Elite Food mirror's truffles have become a porn in the game of dinner party one upmanship there is definitely a very strong element of the status factor of TR you're making a statement especially if you're doing it amongst a group of people you know Keeping Up With the Jones is a mentality that's existed for a long time but you just see it a lot more when people become more wrapped up with money they have I'm doing my juice cleanse right now because I just got back from a holiday Marissa hermer is an American expat living in London her husband owns a St of restaurants and bars including Prince Harry's favorite nightclub bouges I like sharing really nice food and nice wine with friends you sort of want to pull out all the stops and the best way to do that is with luxurious food our extravagant dinner parties have featured in Tattler and a legendary in the Mayfair social scene so there is a certain level that I need to attain to when I'm a Hostess um it's a pleasure to do that hi hia hi with a reputation to uphold she's obtained mirror's number and wants to talk truffles wow what a beautiful home thank you I'm really excited you come very well you're your famous or rather your reputation proceed you really I've booked in a lot of truffle dinners um so I need you well you going to do all three courses with truffles so I like doing like a truffle starter a truffle entree and a truffle pudding this is my pasta so this is what for TR if you've got Italian chef coming you can get him to make fresh Salini that's what I want him to do fabulous the question for you is in times of the truffles that you want me to find for you do you want big do you want small are you going to serve them at the table are you going to have the chef shave them cuz we've got a few truffle Hunters that we work with and we'll pick the best ones for you so that is kind of important for me to know size always matters a little bit I want big ones so let's go and big ones aren't cheap I can't tell you today how much the price is going to be because the truffle price has Chang on a weekly basis it's like a commodity and depend last year the price varied between 2 to 3,000 um a kilo it's expensive but I'd rather buy a really nice truffle than a Chanel handbag actually I want both is what I for people like Marissa personal suppliers are part of the Mayfair lifestyle I mean I definitely have this my salmon man who um he smokes his salmon and he plays live jazz music to it so and it makes the salmon taste better I think it does I have to say I'm not playing Opera to my truffles it's really delicious Jazz he does jazz Marissa's salmon smoker is AA Hansen he works out of a tiny basement in North London and perhaps more than any smoker in Britain he sells a fantastic story when I was 5 years old I had this sort of amazing smok salmon on my grandfather's homemade bread and and and eating this when the midnight sun is coming up on the on the on the Arctic tundra it's just a memory the I never forget and I guess that's what I'm doing here is a recreation of this taste I lost in my childhood every stage of 's process comes with a tail from the salting through to the smoking room itself this is my grandfather's smoking chamber and one of the ideas that my grandfather had is that the salmon should move in the wind and he believed that if the salmon Moves In The Wind there will be some migration of taste so what he means I think is that there is energy put into the salmon it's not just dead it's still alive and we're utilizing the energy of the wind to stimulate the proteins and the enzymes and I find it very poetic what is art uh is it painting a painting or is it the art of biking is it the art of uh learning how to fix a motorcycle the art of smoking salmon it's is very much just a Perpetual study week after week Oola has even separated a man's cut of salmon from a woman's so the men tend to be more rough and strong and liking the salty and the and you know the strong flavors while women are more well what can I say super sensitive and and and and they love uh delicacy and and and women are great but at least we have a way of describing not just a pack of salmon but more we definitely uh live in a world where the myths and the stories and the old wives tales are a key part of the appeal Factor it is it's all part of the chitchat dinner banter but me and do the good and do the good ruin in Ken benning's office the myth of Eternal youth is possibly about to be made real the box has just arrived yeah delivered labeled as live fish but it's not fish these are the little frogs right must be inside the tank take that out there but we need to use that that's stuff apparently cuz you got to treat the water I think the Froggies are in here what we going to do looks of it I'm assuming that in that little package there is the frogs it's quite exciting two days after placing an order Ken's first batch of African clawed frogs have arrived this Project's been uh how long we do before two 3 months um um you know it may be that it takes another turn and this is not the way to go but this is you know theyve taking a lot to get these little thingsam little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is possibly part of the future yeah here we go one two that's it have a fatality they're not fatality they're getting a climatized those two are belly up they're not belly up at all no well they're on top of it aren't they oh right okay darling have some Faith oh they're playing dead what they doing little buggers I think they're great you know they're amazing aren't they and I Al I'm a great believer in that you can't make something happen until you physically see it now now you've seen the frogs you know the frogs exist they're physically in front of you you physically touch phys hold them now it's the next stage you know I think that he's he's definitely a man on a mission when a new idea comes along so yeah so can we Harvest from this little frog the future of Bio sual biof Farmers uh and create a product which basically you eat this and you live for another 50 years 60 years this is this is the future you know the reality being is that we just want to be at the Forefront it's 6:00 a.m. on Sunday morning and two rolls-royces are outside Tom Harrow's House in South London this whole day out is really pushing our imaginations to the Limit and the idea really is just to showcase the ultimate UK wine based Gastronomy day out this the ultimate wine CH suit basically okay how does daddy look uh see you later and uh yeah EXC thank you Tom's first Port of Call is whiteall to pick up Baron Axel Von Schubert and his wife Magdalena um now um Magdalen you're by far away the skinniest of us so uh we're all going to go in the back we'll I'll sure I know these rolles are rather small than thank you by 7:00 the other roller has scooped up property magnet Nick Butterworth and hedge fund manager Howard kovin we met on a private jet a few years ago and um he uh we were going down to a Vineyard in bordeau and Tom's doing the wine tasting there but actually he thumbed a lift on the jet he wasn't meant to be on it you know so it's all right he was standing outside Farber airport and got on the jet to impress his clients Tom must give them a day out nobody else could conceive of let alone a Ford so they're heading to Hampshire to one of the only places in Britain where the exclusive black truffle grows wild yeah thank you ah Tom James Magdalena and axel today is all about quality and uniqueness that's pretty much what we want to do is give people an experience they have never had before andlike anybody servicing the elite Tom has left nothing to chance if you don't find tror is there one on standby if you to take with you yeah always you know I mean the backup the backup's always important and uh we we have some uh that has already been found just yesterday in fact fortune favors the um wealthy I don't know right Gooding you work off your small amount of Venison and salmon truffle hunting is foraging for the super rich an Italian truffle dog cost £2,000 and anything they dig up can sell for £750 a kilo here we are oh guys we have action ah oh there we go look at that look at that M that is pretty fresh look at that there we go oh wow yeah M imagine that shaved on a bit of lobster but it's spectacular and I'm amazed the truffles here I think it's unbelievable that we have black truffles this time of the year here in this part of England Tom's promise of delivering the undeliverable has got off to a good start I mean this is something which no one else does basically I mean here we are in uh in Hampshire finding Truffles and uh you know you talk to a lot of people and they're like you can do this in the UK uh you can if you know me and that is Tom's selling point giving his clients something money alone can't buy something Beyond a simple product perhaps one way of looking at luxury today is taking the product whatever it is as a starting point but it's how you convey the story behind it it's the context in which you put it it's is building the whole sensuous experience around it that creates a truly and unique luxurious opportunity he almost Works below the surface he gets to areas where the average person couldn't get to and like today something that uh the general public wouldn't be able to easily achieve by 11:00 a.m. the rollers are crunching down the driveway of EX park for a tasting of Britain's newest sparkling wine with wine makers coats and cely 3 weeks before anybody else has had a sip all we care about is quality we we are not looking to be big we're not looking to make millions of bottles there's a vintage of this coming out later this year which I think is is really going to be Sensational later today we're going to taste the Vintage Ros which is the first vintage that coat and city has ever produced it's not yet released um and um well it'll be very interesting to see what you make of it the arrival of a new vintage is always super exciting it's like the next installment of your favorite movie franchise but come through come through Tom also acts as Master of Ceremonies ensuring that every moment has the correct sense of drama and spectacle uh weapon of choice tool of the trade and um yep trusty ready to go what I'm going to do now is um the uh the ancient and Noble art of sage it was uh spawned by uh Napoleon's cavman the hazar sabrage which is basically lopping the head off a champagne bottle with a bloody big sword bang perfect there we are and a lovely lovely clean cart look at that there we are the first ever when you're working with people who are so busy you have to capture their attention immediately excite them with something extraordinary and different and there's not a second chance with these sort of people so yeah there is a degree of the uh children's entertainer about the job it's these experiences of being able to discover new things and just being passionate about things and being fortunate enough to be able to experience them in a way that we are experiencing you know things today it's much better than just sitting in front of the TA and watching a stupid movie for all businesses serving the super rich getting hold of what they want is half the battle oh are you going are you going oh and when your product is as rare as white travles there's little love loss between competing suppliers hi Mir it's Linder at the River Cafe hey Linda how you doing yeah good how are you marvelous thank you in London there there are probably a handful of truffle dealers it's very competitive very Cutthroat um and it needs to be because it's a season that last three months you know October to December and it's over so you drop the ball you lose a client just like in Tom Harrow's wine business when things are this competitive it's all about who you know and in this Mira trumps them all the context I have for truffles is unique my father-in-law law is from Umbria um anasan truffles being very prominent in the region meant that he had the contacts to buy truffles so from day one of meeting my husband whenever we went to umbrea there was always truffles on the menu for lunch and for dinner Mir is married into an old Italian truffling family and every November she pays the in-laws a timely visit my traveling back and forth to Italy is really about me doing the quality control and I'm hand selecting these truffles that is really important to my client because they know that I'm taking that extra special care for their meal the key is buying well and you know you've got to be able to take what you want and get at the right price and you have to be quite recess about it travel hunting in Umbria is an ageold tradition and mir's contact Alvaro giordino is one of the Region's most respected Hunters Mira's relationship with Umbria serves an important function for her clients it helps build up the story of her brand because I'm married to the Italian Network I have access to people who get them straight from the ground you know you're as close to the source as you can you know short of flying over to Italy and digging it out if you have a great story and a great product you know it's the winning combination one down two more to go I think my story is quite a good one over the next 48 hours Mera visits three different dealers M Mia and smells more than 100 kilos of truffles this is such a stoning year searching for Italy's Finest product well I have certain clients in mind that I um I need to buy for so I'm looking in terms of what I know that they would like to look at to see to feel to touch to smell so I mean it's all it's all on your senses 400 G there's definitely prestige in the big ones I mean you take it out people go wow because you can tell that someone spent a shown of money but what she's ultimately looking for is something a little more subtle the red in the white truffle is like a hle mark so when you see the red you see that it's actually grown near the roots of the trees and some people when they look for a truffle they really know their stuff will never be put off by the red will'll actually only bu a truffle which has got a bit of red staining that that's what I'm getting three kilos so how quickly could you sell these in London well I would say anywhere between a day to two days is uh probably likely that I will sell these in this current market in this climate with these prices but the price is one thing Mira never discusses in public need to slowly carefully pack and slowly and carefully across I do have a figure in mind now if I tell you then I told everybody so I've got to go this way so you going to uh stay here and I'll be back where where you going to the office to organize payment mirror will leave Italy with 7 kilos of truffles by the time she's added her commission and The Prestige of her hand delivered service these fungi will have tripled in value and her whole could be worth over £15,000 back in London Ken is not having quite such a successful day me speaking to the uh the the department looks after novel foods and uh you know if we take basically the unfertilized frog spawn and we basically do what we do to it and create this new product is classified as a novel food and we're looking anywhere up to he said by the time you get something this to the market it's going to cost you every a million I'm like oh great Ken has discovered that his caviar XL is classed as a novel food and needs several years of safety testing before he can be issued a license the frogs will now face a very different future so the the boys are all excited that we're getting some some form of pets Cu uh we don't have any pets at the moment and um so it'll be nice to have a few little frogs and hopefully they won't be used further down line hopefully these ones will stay as little little family friends we'll see but Ken is resolutely upbeat you know we're not going to go crazy and better shirt than them but what you're doing is slowly at the same time you just like a juggler one 2 3 four and you get another one you throw it in there you know and you you know your own strengths you don't want to get the whole bloody bag and throw up in the air cuz you're not a to catch it I you know you've got to keep on doing different things there are so many people doing similar things you've got to always find the new project and and keep on evolving um people think I'm abely mad but you know they said we'd be mad to start a sturgeon Farm in the UK you know the reality being is you know there are sturgeon farms around the world and all cavi is now farmed it's all sustainable that's the way it's changed the holiday season in London is in full swing and the city's Elite Food suppliers are working harder than ever um anyway so yes the the answer is whatever you want we've got but I I would go mid-range mid-range I'll go for the the Siberian surgeon yeah yeah yeah £97 exactly exactly exactly exactly in spittle fields wine expert Tom Harrow is ending his Millionaire's Day Out at a townhouse atellier a James Bond theme is Illuminating rare vintage wines we have pretty much uh the best Champagnes in the world a raid for you today the very first champagne that features in bond is the legendary K champ from tat it's a BL BLC so it's 100% Shard is why we're starting with it it's kind of the lightest freshest style this is the recently released 2005 vintage James Bond was a legendary booze hound but he was a connoisseur as you'd expect cheers all thank you for coming fantastic to see you yeah let's uh start drinking like bond to you and bond to me and bond yeah all the champagne and wine has been paid for in advance by Tom's guests at eyew watering prices we're going up to um A View to aill a bottle of the defeat from this vintage would probably be uh5 600 a bottle and in a restaurant you know probably uh just the right side of 2000 but at this party money is the one thing that doesn't matter diamonds are forever indeed I don't think it's about the best I think it's what is the most delicious really well interesting because we have sh attention fans and we want to move on to the next thing Tom's day has been a massive success not just because of the wine he has sold but because he's given these people what they ultimately want exclusive access to Worlds they never even knew existed it's not just bragging rights it's also it's an experiential thing I imagine one's pallette can get very jaded if you're just used to drinking nothing but you know Crystal and flying around on private planes it's sort of boring frankly so if you can be offered an experience which you hadn't even dreamt you could have then you're actually opening up whole new Vistas for people and that's exciting to be part of it L on Sunday have you tried the Sher itself today was rough didn't have to read that oh that's seriously Chapo it's been one of the best Sundays we've had having somebody like Tom who brings a wealth of knowledge and a wealth of friends and experience together like today which I think was absolutely glorious absolutely fantastic I can I take a drop more actually that is so sexy it hurts Tom is a man for all seasons you know no matter what occasion whether you require a restaurant or wine you just ask Tom Harry I'm at a circus I'll be with you hopefully in about two seconds in central London merera is back with her Hall of Italian truffles got up at the crack of dawn abandoned my children to uh to go and do some deliveries who would get so exciting about delivering mwah mwah mwah mwah mwah mwah right that's the LA way go I mean how glamorous is this like zero hi I'm here to see Jean Philip over the next 3 hours she will sell over £5,000 worth of truffles to restaurants dining clubs and private clients this has been quite a season for merror I'd say this was my record year I hit sales of uh about 70 kilos 70 kilos of truffles this year you know a lot of people a lot of people could afford it but all the demands and hobnobbing are taking their toll oh hat and Mera is tiring of the Truffle game I have seen a different world where the there's this obsession with food that I can't bear anymore on some level I think the balance is completely a bit of skewed there's this snobbery about Truffles and yeah I'm a bit tired of it to be honest oh for God's sake where the am I when I say to people I'm a truffle dealer they go wow how glamorous it's like well actually is it glamorous being a delivery girl um maybe some people say no you're more than a delivery girl you know you're the expert off I'm like yes but is it that big a deal and I guess to me it's not that big a deal you know it's a mushroom it's a fungus in South London there's none of Mirror's disillusionment in fact quite the opposite but they're both beautiful caviar um give me one second it's get Bing hello just days after his frog dis appointment Ken Benning is launching another business Innovation what we want to do is be able to bring a brand new product to the market brand new one which is literally fresh caviar as in really fresh no Borax no added you turn the tin over and see half of the stuff in the market it's got more bloody additives than most kids sweets do but we don't want to do that we want to make it to order really make it to order and give the customer a whole different experience it tastes totally different it's unbelievably creamy you know they say oh we hasn't matured no bollock it's been in the timber six 6 months what we want is it literally been out the fish 6 hours I don't know what you can see here but what I can see and we're close to it is a same day literally producing caviar at 2 3:00 in the morning producing caviar and that fresh caviar is on the table of the customer in the top restaurants in London by lunchtime we're going going have a look at this grab the coat Turn Around the Corner ready Ken is now planning a sturgeon farm right on his own doorstep allowing him to claim London's freshest caviar ever direct from a postcode in baty it doesn't look like much but at the end of the day you know you got to see this you got to see past past the first bit and basically what you having here uh is literally London's first sturgeon Farm you know you know what um this is the future this is literally you know I think Urban farming is is is where it's at for as long as the world's Elite make London their home businesses like Ken's mirrors and Tom's are destined to thrive none of these wines are available uh unless you happen to um know me but as the clients get richer and their expect ations grow so the suppliers must keep raising the bar to provide that extra special feeling of unique exclusivity with this sort of Cleon to imagination is the only barrier one of the challenges un questionably is when you've done a brilliant event what do you do next how do you top that it's really just coming up with the next craziest coolest most exciting unusual rarified experience we can

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcmjcm1945 [1 likes]: You know what rich people can't have? Me for starters.I divorced  one.Potinciouse  pos thier mind was on several things.  Money investment circles class and the biggest Safety. Ahh Safety. My life was worth more and my sanity. They cant have Peace ,comfort, the feeling of being satisfied and safe.  Your always looking over your shoulder to make sure either everyone is watching or no one sees you messing up.  Wondering if the actions your doing will bring wealth or poverty. Over besting the next to be the one or the only one.  Safety  or injury. Something many of us dont have to worry about. We dont have to pay for security or buy expensive things to look good.  When thier world ends around them they feel they have nothing left in life as a failure.  Most of the time it ends in a spiral,  jail or depression  mentle  illness or death.  PITY THEM.
  2. @loweroctaves [1 likes]: The locust of the planet, a true plague.
  3. @sabrinasinara785 [1 likes]: they pay high prices to be fooled! that's a senseless life. There's a limit to good quality, you can not keep making up things to impress billionaires, we can get high quality coffee for a fair price and enjoy the moment
  4. @kristinababy1 [1 likes]: But kaviar and truffels is really yammi❤❤❤
  5. @jacobellis5999: 40 billion would give 60,000 people $666,666.67 js 😂
  6. @C-BearP: The food…one day…
  7. @luciasaunders9736: I don't understand why killing those poor anymals -sturgeons is not illegal? I find it infuriating.
  8. @7joe7: I'm not liberal or progressive by any means... but 4 minutes in I already hate these people.
  9. @Blue-b7w4v: This is how COVID started🤢🤮
  10. @fastcashforex-v3x: i have noticed the women have dont have the long nails
  11. @Y.A.K.10001: No matter how rich I become, maybe one day I'll be a billionaire, I'm definitely not going to fall for those frogs for dinner 🍽️. Just coffee and those beautiful sweets in the private jet for me. 😂 The funniest part was seeing the guy singing to the dead fish!
  12. @Alinta-KR: We need a follow up Docco where the rich are blind tested on what tastes better! First up the singing salmon lady!
  13. @ShonDmario: NYC houses the most billionaires, not London.
  14. @Mommenormad: Eating to please the ego! Nothing wrong with that if they can afford it! 🤷🏻‍♀️……
  15. @Samira-be2ht: This was disgusting to watch. There are children in the world starving while these idiots are buying stupid unnecessary things just to feel "exclusive"
  16. @azizakaseruuzi206: $0.7m is an interesting way to say $700k
  17. @sjjoshi1427: Jai siya ram
  18. @AdiDay-o1t: Poo - cleaned Beans very costly such a natural process. Amazing
  19. @elijahelijah5291: Not  N.... in sight
  20. @vaultsecp256k1: These people offer no real value to society

- Billionaires in a Shoebox: Inside Monaco, the World's Wealthiest Square Mile: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Imeasurable wealth and endless&nbsp; pleasure. That's the dream. In today's tough world, I try&nbsp; my best to spread a little joy. The pursuit of money seems never ending. Sure,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could have a lot more money. [Music] But&nbsp; does all this abundance have any value? [Music] Money, money, money. All&nbsp; this greed. Was it worth it? No. [Music] Rich, richer. Monaco. This tiny country&nbsp; is one of the smallest in the world, yet it has&nbsp;&nbsp; the highest population density. The principality&nbsp; spans just about two square kilm. But nowhere else&nbsp;&nbsp; do so many millionaires live in such a confined&nbsp; space. In this paradise for the ultra rich,&nbsp;&nbsp; modesty has no place. German multi-millionaire&nbsp; Bjun Lefna feels right at home here. He has a&nbsp;&nbsp; passion for fast luxury cars. Today he's driving&nbsp; his Mercedes AMG from his second home in Khan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite his fortune, Lefna often finds himself&nbsp; pondering what he really can and wants to afford. Freedom relies on money. Having money gives me&nbsp;&nbsp; more options and it gives me time.&nbsp; Those two things go hand in hand. Luxury everywhere. Super yachts, sundrrenched&nbsp; prominads, celebrities, parties, and picture&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect moments. Even for a multi-millionaire,&nbsp; there's always more to want. I could have&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot more money, no doubt. There are so many&nbsp; things I'd like to have, but it's all relative. [Music] Entrepreneur Lefna is contemplating a new&nbsp; goal, settling down in Monaco. Anyone looking to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay long-term in the principality needs at&nbsp; least €500,000 in a Monagas bank account,&nbsp;&nbsp; a costly price of admission. [Music] Around 900&nbsp; Germans reside in Monaco, including billionaires,&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-millionaires, and those who cater to&nbsp; their every need. Jennifer Fes aspires to be&nbsp;&nbsp; a successful entrepreneur in Monaco. She's&nbsp; currently launching a private flight and&nbsp;&nbsp; helicopter service. The demand for these kinds&nbsp; of luxuries peaks during the summer months. Wealthy people often book private jets,&nbsp; but we also offer a full range of services,&nbsp;&nbsp; including helicopter flights and limousines.&nbsp;&nbsp; We do everything. Rich people are&nbsp; of course used to being served. If you want to establish yourself as a&nbsp; top tier service provider, above all,&nbsp;&nbsp; you must be wellconed. The weekend of the classic&nbsp; Grand Prix is a perfect opportunity and one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; social highlights of the year. Jennifer Fes finds&nbsp; herself at the center of this exciting event.&nbsp;&nbsp; While the famous City Circuit usually&nbsp; hosts Formula 1 cars, on this day,&nbsp;&nbsp; amateur racing drivers take to the track.&nbsp; They arrive with original racing cars from&nbsp;&nbsp; the past. This hobby can be quite costly. The&nbsp; display of luxury and wealth also provides&nbsp;&nbsp; a magnificent backdrop for illustrious&nbsp; guests looking to showcase themselves.&nbsp;&nbsp; Actor Patrick Dempsey makes an appearance in&nbsp; the paddock. He enjoys the media attention.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fessila understands that what benefits&nbsp; the wealthy also benefits her business. [Music] Multi-millionaire Lefna&nbsp; has a modest wish this weekend. A&nbsp;&nbsp; new watch. Jennifer Fesila, a member of his&nbsp; network, accompanies him for his shopping. And there's a new jewelry store I want to&nbsp; show you. I collect watches. I have 56. Do you work here? You speak perfect German.&nbsp; How much does the leopard cost among friends?&nbsp;&nbsp; 85,000. Incredible. I remember when&nbsp; they cost 35. That was 10 years ago. I should have bought the leopard if I'd&nbsp; known it was no longer in production. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's been discontinued. I've just&nbsp; bought a Brightling, not a big one. I have a few corums. I'm a big corum fan.&nbsp; Okay. Golden Bridge and all that. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; I also have Pekk. We'll come back. I'll get my&nbsp; next watch here if we can come to an agreement&nbsp;&nbsp; and make a deal. Happy to do that. What drives&nbsp; the desire to always acquire more? The quest for&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth often resembles a competition. But how much&nbsp; is enough? Does wealth truly lead to happiness? These are questions that journalist Yuya&nbsp; Friedri asks herself. The film and book author&nbsp;&nbsp; has followed Germany's wealthy and superw&nbsp; wealthy. [Music] I've often asked myself,&nbsp;&nbsp; when is enough enough? It's actually very&nbsp; challenging to listen to people who have clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; met their needs many times over. Every vacation,&nbsp; every property, every car they'd like to buy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even yachts they could purchase countless&nbsp; times. Nevertheless, the desire for more still&nbsp;&nbsp; persists. I think the only explanation for this&nbsp; is that money serves as a powerful measure of&nbsp;&nbsp; success. Almost everyone dreams of being&nbsp; rich, says Thomas Tuen. He's a researcher&nbsp;&nbsp; of wealth. For decades, he has investigated what&nbsp; drives the desire for accumulating more money. The dream of becoming wealthy is&nbsp; universal. People are convinced&nbsp;&nbsp; they can ultimately find peace through riches. For most, the desire to be rich means&nbsp; achieving a better situation than their&nbsp;&nbsp; current one. This often leads&nbsp; to a misconception about wealth.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is true that many people want&nbsp; to be rich, but when they say that,&nbsp;&nbsp; they typically envision reaching a personal goal&nbsp; rather than becoming a billionaire. This goal is&nbsp;&nbsp; linked to specific life plans. Most people simply&nbsp; dream of improving their current circumstances. This applies to the super rich as well. Even&nbsp; those who already have a lot often desire even&nbsp;&nbsp; more. It's an endless cycle. Just a little&nbsp; more. That's what the dream is all about. When dreams come true, they can sometimes be&nbsp; challenging. For example, getting to a party with&nbsp;&nbsp; a Hummer is not so easy. Evenings in Monaco are&nbsp; often filled with wealthy individuals, including&nbsp;&nbsp; celebrities, entrepreneurs, and heirs. The village&nbsp; of About 10 km outside the principality offers a&nbsp;&nbsp; tranquil and noble atmosphere. Kamyor Moadam&nbsp; has invited guests to one of his renowned&nbsp;&nbsp; lavish parties. Born in Hano, he designs and sells&nbsp; carpets and fine furniture. He established himself&nbsp;&nbsp; as an outfitter for the wealthy, which has allowed&nbsp; him to amass wealth himself. Like his father,&nbsp;&nbsp; he serves as a purveyor to the royal court.&nbsp; Jennifer Fesila is also here. New connections&nbsp;&nbsp; are formed over an abundance of champagne. [Music]&nbsp; The world has changed. There are a lot of rich&nbsp;&nbsp; young people today. That's great. But things can&nbsp; shift over time. I just try to celebrate. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; important to keep a positive mindset and try out&nbsp; new things. Think positively with fine drinks.&nbsp;&nbsp; For Kamya Mugadam, the lightness of being is the&nbsp; top priority. Everyone here embraces this mindset. In today's difficult world, I try my best&nbsp; to spread joy with my work and my whole&nbsp;&nbsp; being. It's all about color and design. Making&nbsp; people smile, offering them a warm welcome,&nbsp;&nbsp; then enjoying a nice drink. We need to&nbsp; celebrate the lighter moments in life,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially since the world&nbsp; has become so difficult. The world has become difficult. That's easy&nbsp; to say in an environment of abundance. The&nbsp;&nbsp; sociological concept known as the Matthew&nbsp; effect is applicable here. For to everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; who has to him will be given. Wealth&nbsp; tends to accumulate and grow on itself. [Music] Global wealth is increasingly&nbsp; concentrated in specific countries.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most super rich individuals reside in the USA&nbsp; followed by China with Germany in third place.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is one notable peculiarity. [Music] In&nbsp; Germany, wealth is distributed more unevenly&nbsp;&nbsp; than in almost any other developed country. There&nbsp; is relatively low wealth among the middle class.&nbsp;&nbsp; Germans own little property. There is a lack&nbsp; of entrepreneurs and the startup culture isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; very strong. Many don't invest wisely. They're&nbsp; often reluctant to buy shares and instead prefer&nbsp;&nbsp; fixedterm deposits. Wealth is concentrated at&nbsp; the top held by a very small group of people. Only 1% of Germans hold more than a&nbsp; third of the country's total assets. 132 billionaires form the top. No champagne is flowing and no luxury cars&nbsp; are rolling. Still, German millionaires&nbsp;&nbsp; are gathering in Nerburgg. These men and&nbsp; women have won between 1 and€5 million in&nbsp;&nbsp; a lottery. They represent new money as opposed to&nbsp; inherited wealth. During a tour of the old town,&nbsp;&nbsp; they share their experiences. These fortunate&nbsp; winners have been coming together for 20 years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Suddenly finding themselves as millionaires.&nbsp; There's plenty for them to discuss. We're happy that we can get together&nbsp; and we feel lucky. So, we celebrate&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit and do something together. Sometimes&nbsp; we give advice. We talk about each other's&nbsp;&nbsp; situations like installing a new heating&nbsp; system. We talk about simply everything. The meetings are a kind of self-help group&nbsp; for those who are suddenly wealthy. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're baking gingerbread. These millionaires&nbsp;&nbsp; share a common experience. Being rich is&nbsp; relaxing, but also feels unusual. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Vzna Veic ran a small fashion boutique&nbsp; when she suddenly won5 million euros. I built a Tuscanany villa in Bavaria and have&nbsp; lived there for 15 years. So I realized my biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; dream and it turned out even bigger. [Music]&nbsp; Studies show that 75% of lottery winners in&nbsp;&nbsp; the upper range end up with nothing within a few&nbsp; years. These fortunate millionaires appear to defy&nbsp;&nbsp; this statistic. Denivana, a handyman, continues&nbsp; to live a grounded life. The goal is to live a&nbsp;&nbsp; carefree life. That's one of the benefits of&nbsp; having money. When unexpected expenses arise,&nbsp;&nbsp; like you get a hefty bill or your washing&nbsp; machine breaks, it doesn't become a major issue,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can handle it. [Music] How does having a lot&nbsp; of money change one's life? The answer varies.&nbsp;&nbsp; Research has shown that beyond a certain&nbsp; level of wealth, additional money does&nbsp;&nbsp; not always result in increased well-being. It's&nbsp; important to first meet basic needs. Contentment has been thoroughly researched&nbsp; by American universities. People&nbsp;&nbsp; want to feel content. This is more&nbsp; significant than pursuing happiness. Contentment is also more sustainable. They associate this sense&nbsp; of contentment with wealth. The idea is that money can solve some of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing issues faced by humanity&nbsp; such as hunger, poverty, education,&nbsp;&nbsp; and community support including pensions.&nbsp; [Music] The lottery club members enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing tips and tricks. Money brings a sense&nbsp; of peace. Now they must stay grounded. [Music] Schllo Visen House is a luxury resort located&nbsp; on the Baltic coast catering to the super rich.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once home to account, it's now under the&nbsp; leadership of Yan Henrik Bhutna. For him,&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth means more than mere happiness&nbsp; and a few million in the bank. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's the owner of a castle. Just 20 years&nbsp; ago, the site was in ruins. But now,&nbsp;&nbsp; Brutna successfully manages his empire from&nbsp; here. He came, saw the potential, and invested. Things tend to escalate for me when I start a&nbsp; project, even if that's not my intention. For&nbsp;&nbsp; instance, when I want to take care of a piece of&nbsp; land, it quickly evolves into something as complex&nbsp;&nbsp; as vice. This makes me question myself. Why does&nbsp; it escalate? And why do I find it appealing? I&nbsp;&nbsp; have certain strengths for sure. I tend to&nbsp; envision how things could be perfected in the&nbsp;&nbsp; future. Once I see that vision, I want to make it&nbsp; a reality. If no one else takes responsibility,&nbsp;&nbsp; I do. What starts as a small idea often grows&nbsp; into something much larger. Then it escalates. Escalation in the form of increasing investments&nbsp; is a key component of his business model. He&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases the site for approximately 7 million&nbsp; and invests at least 10 times that amount.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brutna is a man of action. In the early 90s,&nbsp; he establishes AOL Europe. When the owner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bertsman, sells its stake in Time Warner&nbsp; for billions. Bhutna goes to court to get&nbsp;&nbsp; his share. He receives a settlement worth nearly&nbsp; 100 million. He describes this unexpected sum as&nbsp;&nbsp; a surprising windfall. However, Bhna is not&nbsp; focused on accumulating wealth. Some people&nbsp;&nbsp; just want to become billionaires for the sake&nbsp; of it. That has never been my goal. For me,&nbsp;&nbsp; money is a means to an end, a tool to help me&nbsp; achieve my aspirations. I call it the frozen&nbsp;&nbsp; future potential. It's only when I have a vision&nbsp; for the future and ideas to pursue that money&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes meaningful. His latest venture is luxury&nbsp; vacation homes. A housing estate is currently&nbsp;&nbsp; under construction on the beach of his expansive&nbsp; resort. Even before everything is completed, he&nbsp;&nbsp; has managed to sell the houses. He earns millions&nbsp; in profits. His key to success, self-confidence. What drives most people goes&nbsp; beyond the desire for a happy&nbsp;&nbsp; life. They aspire to make a lasting impact&nbsp; on the world. This is the starting point. I know very few people who simply&nbsp; say, "I want to become super rich." Take Elon Musk. While some may think he's an&nbsp; eccentric, that's a part of his character. It's a blend of normaly, exaggeration,&nbsp;&nbsp; meglamania, and undoubtedly other&nbsp; personal psychological issues. This alters the way he perceives everything&nbsp; around him. He dares to undertake challenges&nbsp;&nbsp; that others are often too afraid to try. Whether&nbsp; those ambitions are megalomaniacal or not, what does a multi-millionaire do when&nbsp; he decides to revisit a childhood&nbsp;&nbsp; hobby? Yan Henrik Bhna chooses to play&nbsp; chess. Not one to do things halfway,&nbsp;&nbsp; he invites the world's top players to his home. Currently, Grandmaster Peter Leo is training at&nbsp; Vison House with World Vice Champion Vincent Ka. Brutna naturally aims to host the&nbsp; greatest players in the field. It's not just any game. It's more like a sport. I&nbsp; thought about how to make something meaningful out&nbsp;&nbsp; of it. So I took a close look at the chess market&nbsp; and considered various factors including players.&nbsp;&nbsp; Chess is currently dominated by Magnus Carlson.&nbsp; If I organize a chess tournament at Vison House,&nbsp;&nbsp; it must feature Magnus Carlson.&nbsp; Otherwise, it wouldn't be worth it for Bhna. There's only one choice.&nbsp; Magnus Carlson. At just 22 years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; he became the youngest world chess champion in&nbsp; history and has remained virtually unbeatable&nbsp;&nbsp; for over a decade. The event at Vison House&nbsp; begins with the players dressed in custommade&nbsp;&nbsp; velvet jackets. The tournament is streamed&nbsp; worldwide, marking a significant financial&nbsp;&nbsp; success. Unsurprisingly, Magnus Carlson emerges&nbsp; as the winner. Of course, the project escalates. [Music] Yan Henley Utna is aiming to&nbsp; revolutionize the world of chess. He and Ken&nbsp;&nbsp; are launching a global tournament series called&nbsp; Freestyle featuring random lineups. In a way,&nbsp;&nbsp; BNA is a freestyle millionaire. He&nbsp; has the money to do whatever he wants. Yeah, people want more and more. What&nbsp; often goes unheard is what truly matters.&nbsp;&nbsp; It raises the question, what do I actually&nbsp; need and what do I really want? For me,&nbsp;&nbsp; the driving force has never been wealth. It has&nbsp; always been a desire for independence. I wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve my independence even at the risk of losing&nbsp; it. When you find yourself dependent on others,&nbsp;&nbsp; you must work hard to regain your&nbsp; autonomy. That's been my motivation. When Bhutna looks at his vice house empire,&nbsp; new projects are already forming in his head.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not just about managing assets. It's always&nbsp; about making a difference. [Music] While we have&nbsp;&nbsp; massive fortunes among the super rich, we need&nbsp; more people who are willing to use their wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a difference and who are willing to&nbsp; risk losing some money. We need people who say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Come on people, let's make a change. Let's try&nbsp; new approaches and push initiatives forward."&nbsp;&nbsp; That's what we lack in Germany. [Music] As an&nbsp; investor in young startups, Brutna has taken&nbsp;&nbsp; risks for decades. He's determined not to lose.&nbsp; However, he may consider parting ways if the price&nbsp;&nbsp; is right. After two decades, he wants to sell&nbsp; his castle on the Baltic Sea to make room for new&nbsp;&nbsp; dreams. Germany has the highest number of private&nbsp; jets stationed in Europe. These jets are not only&nbsp;&nbsp; used to transport the super rich, but also those&nbsp; who desire a more luxurious travel experience. To meet this demand, a newly formed airline called&nbsp;&nbsp; Travel Coup has emerged. The idea for&nbsp; this venture came from Nicholas Sites. It offers the best of both worlds.&nbsp; It's not traveling like the super rich,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you still enjoy the comfort of a private&nbsp; jet. The seating arrangement features a&nbsp;&nbsp; onetoone configuration. Everyone has access&nbsp; to a window. You also get top-notch service. One of the greatest things is the&nbsp; quick travel from point A to point&nbsp;&nbsp; B. You have minimal waiting time at both&nbsp; the departure airport and upon arrival. No cues, short distances, and priority&nbsp; access in the limousine. The planes are&nbsp;&nbsp; referred to as semi-private jets.&nbsp; An increasing number of affluent&nbsp;&nbsp; travelers are booking their seats for&nbsp; approximately €800. Geraldine Gumbo,&nbsp;&nbsp; the manager of a large agency,&nbsp; tests the service for her clients. It begins with the leg room with plenty&nbsp; of space. We drink champagne and get&nbsp;&nbsp; snacks. The distances are short&nbsp; and check in is quick. Overall,&nbsp;&nbsp; it feels good. It's a great&nbsp; experience. Traveling like this is fun. The number of these flights is on the rise. Travel&nbsp; Coup is now providing even more connections with&nbsp;&nbsp; new aircraft. Traveling by semi-private jet&nbsp; also offers a unique sense of being special. Luxury doesn't always have to be extremely&nbsp; expensive. Luxury means feeling unique. If&nbsp;&nbsp; that feeling isn't too costly, then that's&nbsp; wonderful. Arrival at Palma Airport in&nbsp;&nbsp; Mayorca. The flight is convenient and&nbsp; affordable. A new market is emerging. The wealth landscape in Germany is shifting,&nbsp; especially among the affluent who aren't super&nbsp;&nbsp; rich. It's still become trendy to try and live a&nbsp; luxurious lifestyle. Charter flights with private&nbsp;&nbsp; jets have become super popular, especially for&nbsp; short distances. There's clearly a growing desire&nbsp;&nbsp; among people to participate in this extreme&nbsp; lifestyle and feel like they're super wealthy. This applies to hotels, too. Everything&nbsp; in Gumbershaw's offerings is unique.&nbsp;&nbsp; The facilities consistently exceed&nbsp; expectations. The concept is popular,&nbsp;&nbsp; providing a comprehensive experience that&nbsp; goes beyond just travel and accommodation. It's not about having a lot.&nbsp; It's about feeling rich. [Music] It's a lifestyle hotel, not a fivestar&nbsp; luxury hotel that is isolated. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; part of the community here. The&nbsp; restaurant guests are not only&nbsp;&nbsp; hotel guests but also locals. This&nbsp; integration is very important to us. Her Palma portfolio includes a city&nbsp; palace where a night's stay costs&nbsp;&nbsp; over €1,000. While not everyone can afford&nbsp; this luxury, a significant number of people&nbsp;&nbsp; can. Luxury is no longer exclusively&nbsp; reserved for a small upper class. How you choose to vacation reflects&nbsp; your place in society. [Music] Ex-&nbsp;&nbsp; football star Jimmy Hotvik knows a lot&nbsp; about social status. He has experienced&nbsp;&nbsp; many ups and downs throughout his life. Hotic&nbsp; grows up in a poor neighborhood near Funfoot. He then becomes a soccer star with highest foe.&nbsp; As a top player, the young Jimmy Hodfig suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; finds himself with more money than he can spend.&nbsp; This newfound financial freedom changes his life. You buy a car and an expensive watch&nbsp; to show off your success. I came from&nbsp;&nbsp; a tough neighborhood and now feel seen on&nbsp; a global stage. With money in your account,&nbsp;&nbsp; you no longer have to fear being unable to&nbsp; eat at the end of the month. These symbols&nbsp;&nbsp; of success are enjoyable. If you say you don't&nbsp; enjoy them, you're not being honest. I used to&nbsp;&nbsp; treat my friends to champagne, dine at high-end&nbsp; restaurants, and take vacations. I also bought&nbsp;&nbsp; clothes from brands like Boss to boast to others&nbsp; and show, "Look, here's a successful brown man&nbsp;&nbsp; with expensive clothes. If you say you don't&nbsp; enjoy these symbols, then you're lying. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; In sporting terms, Hatvik is on the path to&nbsp; success. He has won championships with high&nbsp;&nbsp; fa and triumphed in the European Cup. There&nbsp; is much to celebrate both in the locker room&nbsp;&nbsp; and elsewhere in life. During that time, a lot of&nbsp; people approached me and pretended to be friends.&nbsp;&nbsp; These friends included a lawyer, a banker, and&nbsp; a tax consultant. three occupations that always&nbsp;&nbsp; make me jump. They said, "Hey, you want to save&nbsp; on taxes?" [Music] Hot lives a lavish lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; and is easily persuaded. He invests his money in&nbsp; real estate to reduce his tax burden. This nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; ruins him. [Music] The money was gone and the&nbsp; apartments were gone. That's the worst feeling.&nbsp;&nbsp; having something you're proud of, something you've&nbsp; achieved and earned only to lose it. I earned it&nbsp;&nbsp; by playing soccer, and then trusted the wrong&nbsp; people. I just wanted to play soccer. I relied&nbsp;&nbsp; on others and didn't take care of my taxes.&nbsp; I thought that if I stopped playing soccer,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could say, "Yes, this house belongs to me.&nbsp; I own it." In the end, I didn't own anything. Learning to make money is&nbsp; essential. Highly specialized&nbsp;&nbsp; asset managers invest every cent for&nbsp; high- netw worth individuals. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not the case for millionaire&nbsp; beginners like Jimmy Hartvik. As soon as someone comes into a&nbsp; lot of money, many people from&nbsp;&nbsp; their social circle start offering advice&nbsp; on how to manage and grow that wealth. Unfortunately, it often doesn't take&nbsp; long for that money to disappear. This&nbsp;&nbsp; leads us to an uncomfortable truth.&nbsp; It's clearly not easy to become rich,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it appears to be just as&nbsp; difficult to maintain that wealth. Jimmy Hartvig has found his way back.&nbsp; His financial crash has enriched him&nbsp;&nbsp; with many life experiences. He says that&nbsp; status symbols have lost their meaning. Even in the world of the permanently wealthy,&nbsp; researchers say the significance of status symbols&nbsp;&nbsp; is changing. Flashy sports cars increasingly&nbsp; represent extravagance and ostentation. For now, nothing will change on&nbsp; the water. The ultimate status&nbsp;&nbsp; symbol continues to be owning a super yacht. A yacht is one of the most expensive things&nbsp; produced by humans. For many wealthy people,&nbsp;&nbsp; owning a yacht that is at least 100 m&nbsp; long is a way to signal their status.&nbsp;&nbsp; It shows that they belong to an exclusive group&nbsp; and that they have several million in the bank in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to maintain their yacht. [Music] Exclusive&nbsp; real estate is a clear indicator of wealth,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially in Monaco. Here, prices per square&nbsp; meter are the highest, surpassing those in London,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tokyo, and Paris. Jennifer Fesa is on her&nbsp; way to view a property with Bjun Lefna. Hello. How are you? Fine, thanks. And you?&nbsp; Very well, thanks. Can I introduce you to&nbsp;&nbsp; my friend Bjan Leaf? Hello, Angela Klyber.&nbsp; Come in. Angela Klyba is a real estate agent&nbsp;&nbsp; selling luxury apartments in Monaco. She's&nbsp; the only German in this field working there. So, this is the view. First, let's take a look&nbsp; around here. Very nice. This is the living room.&nbsp;&nbsp; And over there is the dining area. It looks&nbsp; fantastic. We'll check out the kitchen in a&nbsp;&nbsp; second. Beautiful. I like how the living room&nbsp; feels slightly set apart. It creates a cozy&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere. And just over here is the TV room.&nbsp; The apartment is really bright. That's thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; to its orientation. The place is fully renovated.&nbsp; It comes from a project developer who specializes&nbsp;&nbsp; in this kind of modern redesign which is quite&nbsp; trendy at the moment. That clean beige pallet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the lovely wooden floors, and it's being s&nbsp; fully furnished. It looks completely new. Bian,&nbsp;&nbsp; you could move right in. Yes, it's practical&nbsp; and tasteful, and the colors are very relaxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Come over here and take another look at&nbsp; the view. Imagine waking up and having&nbsp;&nbsp; this sea view. I lived in Palm Beach,&nbsp; Florida for 8 years. I had a view like&nbsp;&nbsp; this and it was even closer to the&nbsp; sea. I could always hear the ocean. If Lefna wants to relocate his primary&nbsp; residence to Monaco, he has to buy an&nbsp;&nbsp; apartment in the principality and provide&nbsp; evidence that he can afford a property there. Many people here are well known in Germany. They&nbsp; work in different industries like real estate,&nbsp;&nbsp; shipping and oil. Many athletes like&nbsp; Formula 1 drivers and tennis players&nbsp;&nbsp; choose to live in Monaco. Nearly&nbsp; all Formula 1 drivers live here.&nbsp;&nbsp; The society is fascinating because&nbsp; it is so incredibly diverse. Ultimately, the allure of Monaco can be boiled&nbsp; down to a straightforward fact. Residents of&nbsp;&nbsp; the principality do not pay income tax. This tax&nbsp; advantage encourages the super rich to invest in&nbsp;&nbsp; properties at prices that far exceed those in any&nbsp; other city around the world. How much should a 200&nbsp;&nbsp; square meter apartment cost? Cla and Lefna discuss&nbsp; this matter on the balcony. They want 24.5 million&nbsp;&nbsp; which aligns with the market price. What's the&nbsp; price per square meter? It's around 80,000. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; normal. The number of the super rich in Monaco&nbsp; is steadily increasing. Currently, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; approximately 40,000 millionaires, which accounts&nbsp; for about 1/3 of the population. Many of them have&nbsp;&nbsp; chosen to relocate here because the principality&nbsp; provides a legal opportunity to pay little or no&nbsp;&nbsp; income tax. [Music] But there's a dark side to the&nbsp; wealth. Significant amounts of money are illegally&nbsp;&nbsp; transferred out of Germany to evade taxes. The&nbsp; German government loses 100 billion annually due&nbsp;&nbsp; to tax evasion. Anhilka is known as the hunter&nbsp; of the missing billions. Formerly Germany's most&nbsp;&nbsp; prominent public prosecutor, she is now dedicated&nbsp; to advocating for more effective prosecution of&nbsp;&nbsp; tax evaders. She has a deep understanding&nbsp; of the perpetrators and their motivations. It's not only greed. There's often a competitive&nbsp; spirit involved. An urge to demonstrate that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're smarter than others, that you can succeed&nbsp; where others can't. Many people seem to share this&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of ambition. Also, we shouldn't overlook the&nbsp; emotional significance attached to money. Having&nbsp;&nbsp; a substantial amount can give you status and&nbsp; recognition. It fulfills a deeper need. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; always someone who might own three helipads. So I&nbsp; might feel compelled to acquire fourth to support [Music] is determined to make a difference.&nbsp; As a public prosecutor, she tirelessly took&nbsp;&nbsp; tax evaders to court in the comex scandal. In&nbsp; this case, investors received tax funds for&nbsp;&nbsp; amounts they had never actually paid. The German&nbsp; state lost an estimated€10 billion. For Bhilka,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a constant struggle against overwhelming&nbsp; odds. There are public prosecutors,&nbsp;&nbsp; tax investigators, and police officers who&nbsp; face complex cases against expensive law&nbsp;&nbsp; firms. These firms often have entire&nbsp; teams dedicated to a single case.&nbsp;&nbsp; and submit a thousand pages of documents each&nbsp; week. The public prosecutor or tax inspector&nbsp;&nbsp; is overwhelmed with numerous other cases and&nbsp; doesn't have the time to analyze every detail&nbsp;&nbsp; and determine what is only smoke and mirrors. They&nbsp; feel stressed and think how can I compete? I only&nbsp;&nbsp; have a few hours a week to spend on this. There is&nbsp; a significant imbalance. Criminals often have one&nbsp;&nbsp; standardized approach. They formulate an idea and&nbsp; then ensure that they have a legal opinion written&nbsp;&nbsp; in advance or publish articles that support&nbsp; this viewpoint. Even if the legal arguments&nbsp;&nbsp; are flawed, the sheer volume of documents can&nbsp; be intimidating. Once there are dozens of such&nbsp;&nbsp; articles available online, it creates the illusion&nbsp; of legitimacy. It can be daunting to counter them. She is not daunted. Hookah successfully wins&nbsp; her lawsuits against the tax evaders. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time, a court has determined that the comex&nbsp; schemes are illegal. Boyhooka is convinced that&nbsp;&nbsp; the search for the lost billions can be even more&nbsp; successful. [Music] If there was more personnel,&nbsp;&nbsp; well-trained staff who have the&nbsp; time to develop their expertise,&nbsp;&nbsp; they could overcome the challenges.&nbsp; It is possible to achieve this but&nbsp;&nbsp; it is important to recognize that significant&nbsp; resources are required from the state. [Music] She has since resigned from her position as a&nbsp; public prosecutor, but she continues her mission at the nonprofit organization Finance Vende. Poa&nbsp;&nbsp; works to prosecute criminal&nbsp; con artists more effectively. Herbach in Suabia near Stoutgart. A&nbsp; Bentley pulls up to a small factory site. Millionaire Bjun Lefna is behind the wheel&nbsp; of the luxury limousine. Unlike his trips&nbsp;&nbsp; to Monaco in search of an apartment, today&nbsp; he acts as manager. Lefna is visiting his&nbsp;&nbsp; factory. He is known as the zip tie&nbsp; king of Swayabia. Here we can check&nbsp;&nbsp; what's available. What colors do you want? You&nbsp; can pick from pretty much any color. Yellow,&nbsp;&nbsp; blue, brown. Here's one in green. These&nbsp; are the classic Blitz binders that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; open and close over and over again. They're&nbsp; super durable and meant to last for years. Lefnner is considering relocating his&nbsp; production abroad to increase profits.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, he also feels a strong&nbsp; obligation to his employees. We're committed to staying in Germany.&nbsp; We've been successful here for 70 years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many others have relocated to Eastern European&nbsp; countries. Production costs are a lot lower in&nbsp;&nbsp; those areas because of reduced wages, lower&nbsp; taxes, and lower energy prices. But we've&nbsp;&nbsp; decided to stay in our community. Our dedicated&nbsp; employees are an important part of our business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some of them have been with us for decades. The factory is not just focused on making a&nbsp; profit. Its owner has a deep connection to&nbsp;&nbsp; his home country. In Germany, wealthy&nbsp; people have a bad reputation. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; frequently criticized for not embracing&nbsp; social responsibility even though they&nbsp;&nbsp; have the resources to do so.&nbsp; Is this criticism justified? How many jobs do they create? How much&nbsp; tax do they pay? They need to pay their&nbsp;&nbsp; fair share. How many donations do they&nbsp; make in the fields of medicine or to&nbsp;&nbsp; hospitals? I believe the ratio&nbsp; here is quite fair. Obviously,&nbsp;&nbsp; the loopholes must be completely closed. That's&nbsp; not even a question. It's about fairness. As long as his factory operates efficiently,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lefna will keep producing in his home&nbsp; country, paying his taxes, and proudly&nbsp;&nbsp; showcasing everything from his pinstripe suit&nbsp; to his Bentley. It's his way of doing things. In Monaco, people display their wealth with pride&nbsp; and confidence. Kamya Moadam profits from this.&nbsp;&nbsp; The interior designer has created a luxurious&nbsp; apartment and provides what exclusive customers&nbsp;&nbsp; need for their high-end homes. Jennifer Fessel&nbsp; visits him at his design store. This here is&nbsp;&nbsp; our dream bedroom. I love the lamps. Everyone&nbsp; runs to the bed and says, "I want that, too."&nbsp;&nbsp; It's inspired by luxurious five-star&nbsp; suite where you can get everything&nbsp;&nbsp; from the chandelier to the bed and&nbsp; the carpet in one complete package.&nbsp;&nbsp; All available immediately. This bedroom comes&nbsp; in different variations and it's very popular. I love the fire extinguisher. That could only&nbsp; exist in Monaco. That's really funny. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is chic, huh? It's all about the&nbsp; details. The red one is not that chic. Now, I want to show you something really great.&nbsp; Our little private club. What kind of material&nbsp;&nbsp; is that? It's amazing. It's down wallpaper.&nbsp; It's unique in the world. Unique in the world. I wouldn't have expected anything less&nbsp; from you. No. Now, take a look at this. Yeah, that's this is my personal playground where&nbsp; the rich and beautiful from Monaco and around the&nbsp;&nbsp; world come to party. It's a special clientele.&nbsp; Certainly for special people. That's right. This&nbsp;&nbsp; club has been a childhood dream of mine and&nbsp; I finally fulfilled it a year and a half ago. It's not a commercial club. There's&nbsp; no membership and you don't pay for&nbsp;&nbsp; your drinks here. Entry is solely by invitation. You have to either be a mega customer,&nbsp; a mega friend, or a mega VIP to be here. In this setting, Kamya Moadam fulfills his&nbsp; childhood dream and meets the desires of his&nbsp;&nbsp; elite clientele, including maximum&nbsp; discretion. The club has no name,&nbsp;&nbsp; no address, and no details. You cannot&nbsp; take pictures. You are allowed to film&nbsp;&nbsp; now because there are no guests. Filming&nbsp; is not allowed when we have guests. What happens here during the glittering&nbsp; nights remains a secret. What is known,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, is that only a select group of&nbsp; pop stars and super celebrities attend. This is our main room. The main room. Over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have a small separate area that we&nbsp; call the Chinese room or the Chinese room. Moving on, we have the lip&nbsp; sofa, which is very comfortable. Very comfortable. Absolutely. So,&nbsp; I'm curious who has been here. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, we can't mention all the names, but we hosted one of Bono's private parties&nbsp; here. He was very impressed. He called Jay-Z,&nbsp;&nbsp; who looked at the space during&nbsp; a video call. And Jay-Z said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm with one of my best friends,&nbsp; Madonna." And she hopped on the call. We have many big names here, but discretion&nbsp; is very important. [Music] Moadam is highly&nbsp;&nbsp; successful because he always approaches his&nbsp; celebrity connections with a business mindset.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to host a party here at night, you&nbsp; should purchase your furniture from him during&nbsp;&nbsp; the day. [Music] Even if it's Beyonce or Taylor&nbsp; Swift, I need to make sure there's something&nbsp;&nbsp; in it for me. [Music] I have to check in advance&nbsp; whether there's a business opportunity to pursue or if they're only here to party and puke all over&nbsp;&nbsp; the place and then go home.&nbsp; I don't want that. [Music] What happens in Monaco's most&nbsp; exclusive party room stays here. This venue remains a hidden gem&nbsp; reserved for a select audience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moadam's appointment calendar is fully&nbsp; booked for the rest of the year. By now,&nbsp;&nbsp; he has replicated his upscale club&nbsp; multiple times around the globe. [Music] Status symbols and luxury no longer hold&nbsp; any significance for Jimmy Hotvik. He&nbsp;&nbsp; once had everything before he had nothing.&nbsp; Hotvik has moved past the financial troubles&nbsp;&nbsp; that plagued his life and has also battled&nbsp; multiple bouts of cancer in recent years.&nbsp;&nbsp; These experiences have profoundly changed him. I'm happy today. I love training. It's&nbsp; the best thing there is. After a workout,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like to have a chat at the bar and then sip&nbsp; on my health drink. I know I've done something&nbsp;&nbsp; good for my body. I aim to train three times&nbsp; a week when possible. Sometimes it's twice a&nbsp;&nbsp; week depending on my schedule. When I have time,&nbsp; I always make sure to train. It's good for me.&nbsp;&nbsp; This should be good. Jimmy Hodvik is in&nbsp; high demand. As an ambassador for the&nbsp;&nbsp; German Football Association, he shares his&nbsp; life experiences with others. His message&nbsp;&nbsp; is clear. Superficial gains matter little. He&nbsp; has long moved on from those who are always&nbsp;&nbsp; seeking more. They should think about who&nbsp; they're really doing this for. Deep down,&nbsp;&nbsp; they know that one day they will die. What happens&nbsp; to the money then? Will the right people get it?&nbsp;&nbsp; Was it worth it? Should I have sacrificed my&nbsp; health for it? No. The people you interviewed,&nbsp;&nbsp; the billionaires who drive around showing off&nbsp; their wealth, they need to sit down and think.&nbsp;&nbsp; Money is important to them. But for me, it&nbsp; has lost its meaning. Money alone is useless. [Music] How much does a person need to be&nbsp; happy? Hotic has found his answer. Having&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot does not necessarily mean getting a lot&nbsp; from life as scientific studies have shown. I've come to the conclusion that the&nbsp; relationship between being rich and&nbsp;&nbsp; happiness is not straightforward. There's&nbsp; no guarantee that one follows the other.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know many people who have billion&nbsp; dollar fortunes and who are not happy. [Music] The pursuit of money and luxury can be&nbsp; highly addictive. I spoke with somebody from one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the wealthiest families in Germany. They said&nbsp; that luxury is like a drug. You constantly have to&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the dose to feel something. When you're&nbsp; at the top, you can multiply your wealth easily.&nbsp;&nbsp; Over the next decade, the fortunes of Germany's&nbsp; super rich are expected to multiply rapidly. I want my money to last for&nbsp; the rest of my life. Hopefully,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will have created something nice with the&nbsp; money I didn't need. I want others to enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Whether property constitutes an obligation&nbsp; is largely determined by the wealthy alone.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a privilege. [Music] I live in a paradise. I&nbsp; don't want to complain. I am doing very well and&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm pretty happy. Sometimes we have problems,&nbsp; but it's all relative. One thing is certain,&nbsp;&nbsp; having millions or billions does not&nbsp; guarantee happiness and contentment. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @zepp-i6t [7 likes]: I am a Captain on a Superyacht and I can assure you that spending 24/7 looking at a mobile screen while on a multimillion yacht surrounded with beautiful nature, is anything but freedom. Freedom is within us and no money can make us free.
  2. @cedricsmith8188 [1 likes]: ❤
  3. @rbslammed6163 [1 likes]: "There are so many things I'd like to have." 

Is one of those things "taste"?
  4. @rbslammed6163 [1 likes]: For those wondering where all those billions being sent to Ukraine winds up.
  5. @phillipbrits8738: What an empty existence?
  6. @HelenaJuric-t2p: Honestly, Dubrovnik is more beautiful! There are islands, lagoons like from a fairy tale 🙂
  7. @JolenePretorius-qo4pu: Why do you target Monaco?
  8. @gmghh457htr87: Anne B. must be very miserable, only surviving by harrassing the successful.
  9. @ClaudioAdrianFuentesAlem-on8iw: Some sweet day
  10. @Staufen1983: So people take risk to create a business to make money, create jobs and make the economy grow, then a government allows millions of refugees in, pays these people, gives them health care etc etc which they have never contributed too, accomodation payed for by the taxes of the workers. Stop bringing in useless migrants!
  11. @cristiandima9175: Cool video🎉🎉🎉The best german people live in MONACO for a cool life ❤❤❤
  12. @WielkiResetWEF: The same people tell you you should save the planet from climate change 😅 Stop eating meat, stop flying, stop driving your car, segregate your waste, don't drink milk because cows  fart .....and there are morons who believe in this narrative 😅 Climate change is for the POOR
  13. @josemorgado453: Quando chegar o dia do filho do homem, nem dinheiro nem prata ou ouro vão salvar você....
  14. @dappergent9422: One thing many people are missing here. They are living fake lives. They are trapped in a web, spending money to keep up with other small-minded people.
  15. @tesstefera6334: Mark9=36 FOR what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and to lose his soul? PLEASE  READ THE BIBLE AND ACCEPT JESUS CHRIST,PRICE OF PEACE.
  16. @angi5849: I sometimes looove to dream about living like that. But on the other hand I want to feel me and Not pretend and be afraid of someone stealing something or just looking me due to money
  17. @CliftonBowers: The worst is nuvo riech trash that's not educated...😮like the Trump's are
  18. @CliftonBowers: No gusta dubbing ingles ...je va dutch et Francis y Italiano ..😢
  19. @ElliottJMiller: One day. InshaaAllah. Minus the secret room.
  20. @tomranum6: EXACTLEY, HEALTH IS WEALTH.  AND AS ALWAYS IF YOU ARE ON YOUTUBE PLAYING RICH YOU ARE NOT.  RICH SCREAMS - WEALTH WISPERS.

- Feeding The Super Rich: How Billionaires Eat: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich we've got clients who are royalty multi-billionaires this is Jay-Z and Beyonce's house champagne for once of a better description and feeding them has become big business will cost you 8,700 the Exel s uh 1,400 per kilo it's a lot of money today's International Jet Set expect the very finest food and drink I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff expensive very expensive provided by a private network of luxury suppliers these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs to survive in this competitive market they must produce more than just food they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in a whole different world a lot of our clients use us to show off I mean that's why they come to us it's genius it's a genius idea they must satisfy the whims and excesses I'm having a coconut fit right now delicious it works of the world's most demanding clients they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world when you're rich having the very best food isn't just about the taste it's about showing off and impressing your friends one lady hoping to wow her friends is Jory white an important Milestone is approaching and she wants to celebrate with a party it's her 17th wedding anniversary I want something that's going to blow everybody's mind with food and drink and something that's theatrical and extraordinary if you really want to impress someone and make them remember the experience for months and years to come you really need to take that step further and give them something that is super sensory and super experiential and that's what I'm hoping to get Jury has chosen bubble food to cater at her anniversary party pioneers of Molecular Gastronomy they're famous in cele and millionaire circles for their Innovative use of Technology attention to detail and creative presentation people now want food to be entertainment they want it to be a spectacle and they're quite willing to pay a lot of money for it people don't expect just to eat good food now they want a whole experience they want to be immersed in in a whole evening in a whole different world boss Michael must pitch bubble's very best ideas to jury to wow her they're going to have to pull out all the stops can I have a glass of wine please calm me down a bit the dinner party will cost more than £10,000 it's a laborious process of pitches and tastings to perfect the menu because it's a 17th weding anniversary I think it would be quite nice to propose um 17 century moments throughout the evening it's a tying with the number really to give a little bit more of a viso touch let's do this hey jury's husband photographer Adrien is joining her for the pitch to meet you good thanks nice to meet you Michael knows how to do it his team know how to do it and the chefs are all so fantastic I think the type of people we've got coming obviously have been to lots of different events before so they're not easily impressed but impress they must so bubble will tailor the evening specifically to jury whims and wishes I'm having a coconut fit right now because coconut is where it's at yeah and so I really want to do something with coconut I mean we can incorporate anything into the menu I mean that's that's not a problem as well as coconut jewry loves truffles so the team has devised a truffle hunting experience guests will hunt through a box of leaves to find truffle flavored canop so it's in it's in the wooden box filled with kind of leaves um and bark like a ham and truffle CET so truffles I'm up for it Adrian's exhibition is all about it's coming together big time and it's all about trees and Forest maybe we we go down that road a bit that really excites me cool cool but when you when you take the canop you have to put these headphones on which are um snorting pigs I'm not going to be 100% sure that I'm going to choose to do that but I really would like don't mind trying it at all you'll try it at the tasting and you'll love it you're going to love it because it's such a talking point there'll be eight courses at the dinner party and each one must be approved by jury and Adrien the Truffle dish won't be signed off until they try it next week at the tasting so you're going to have to live up to the game baby you you need to up the anti and do a wow super job every Morel needs to be super tasty it will don't you worry Don't You it be amazing the last party that Michael did for us was probably three or four years ago and people still about that party it was so amazing a lot of our clients use us to us showing off is important to Britain's new Elite and being the first to try the most exclusive club or the latest culinary hit is a good way to get ahead new places new clubs new restaurants a lot of rich people around so they're ready to pay today something new has arrived in Mayfair a group of wealthy socialites have gathered to try this latest food fashion it's a Scargo pearls or snail's eggs to the rest of us snail caviar is a luxury item on the continent we're trying to introduce it here um so obviously it's the first time producers Sophie and Mike have done a Mayfair tasting it's not a flavor that sits on it's a tough a to impress which includes former Mrs Russia Maran smirnova I like K but just a little bit scary to eat this white one I'm used to caspan Cave to the real stuff and I don't think any new stuff can beat the old stuff M that's nice not taste like real Cav it's it's different very different isn't it very very different it kind of rolls in the mouth and flops the real one but this is much harder fresh snail caviar isn't yet on sale in the capital but that could all be about to change I like it more I prefer this one just really don't know where to buy maybe in haret the tasting has been a success but it's early days for Sophie and Mike's fledgling business I love it it's painstakingly produced it takes forever it's labor intensive and it is a labor of love Sophie and Mike don't just sell the caviar they make it a far cry from Swanky Mayfair at home in Alsbury in their back Garden he's just waking up he likes the warmth from my finger that's it he's curious now he's going to come out and have a look Sophie and Mike became snail Farmers by accident when Sophie ordered some edible snails online by the time they arrived to us they're all crawling around and I couldn't bring myself to eat them so we kind of kept them as pets then the obvious thing happened 21 days later Bingo we had more snails than you can ever imagine so they started a business selling around the UK gorgeous what they had to learn fast and I believe I can run the Peace of American thank you very much download V eyes are on the stalk and the two tentacles go out the front they solely feelers but that's not the strangest thing about snails they fire darts from their heads to arouse their Partners you can never stop learning there is always something we snail will do that's a bit bizarre you think wow snails are hermaphrodites with both male and female reproduction organs after mating for up to 12 hours both Partners lay eggs and being snails they do that in a rather weird way too so he puts his head into the cup and at the last minute he twists his body a little turns his head on one side and they lay their eggs out of their head and then we're left with the caviar you'll see some of them all lay 20 to 30 eggs and some of them all lay 100 or more before they can be sold the eggs must be washed and painstakingly sorted it takes a long time which is obviously why we have to come on on the price because the amount of Labor that goes into this Sophie is the only snail caviar producer in the UK so if she can crack the luxury Food Market there's big money to be made you got 12 G for € 29 SO2 ,400 per kilo it's a lot of money if you've got more money than most showing off on holiday with a super yacht is just the ticket it's Midsummer and the south of France is a wash with mega yachts and mega spending on all things extravagant this is Arman De Brat this is Jay-Z and Beyonce is house champagne for want of a better description about 200€ 250 a bottle though so um what's so lovely about this is that The Branding is so understated isn't it it's not at all tacky is it yeah certainly some of our clients like a bit of bling Simon O'Neal runs a company called penum supplying the finest food and drink to the biggest and brashest boats on the coat henm is Latin for Provisions it's also the a of penis as my father told me um so he's a Latin scholar which wasn't very good after we've done all The Branding but no penam is penam is the Latin for victuals and to provision prior to departure the kazour is a tightly knit and competitive Place Simon's been running penum for 3 years and so far business is booming furthest one is one of our clients as is this nearest one quite modern looking the richest people in the world own these boats it's as simple as that multi-billionaires they are the most incredible expression of wealth she's probably 75 80 M long you've got to be looking at 100 million plus for that we've got clients who are royalty we've got clients who are multi-billionaires the majority of the people that charter boats are just incredibly wealthy or high-profile individuals but they are demanding yeah they're the richest people in the world Van's going to leave tomorrow morning to go to Italy Simon buys whatever the super yters want and delivers it to them wherever and whenever they need it Dairy fruit veg meat fish laundry toilet paper expensive bottles of wine the whole Gambit everything that you could potentially require and we have to go to some considerable lengths to get what it is at the client wants it's not for us to decide whether the Manuka Honey is important or not we just need to get it who's this for sparkling vodka what are they going to come up with next with new boats arriving every day it's the busiest time of year to make money for Simon and his team we're right in the middle of the Season at the moment we've got five months of the year in which to make our money orders are coming in on a regular basis and the team's at full stretch so it is as busy as it can get in Alsbury Sophie and Mike have gone from keeping a few snails as pets to becoming Farmers trying to distribute flour onto the The Damp leaves and the this evening the snails will come up pretty much eat the lot they now have a field full of snails being fattened up to sell to restaurants as aaru they're ravenous at this age the first ones we put in 2 weeks ago are huge already growing the business has been been a challenge as Sophie suffers from multiple sclerosis it affects my legs it affects my hands and it affects my Mobility for me because I'm not as mobile is sometimes so frustrating because I have to rely on someone to do something for me can you move this can you lift this sometimes it is so totally frustrating she's amazing see it is totally amazing I couldn't have done it on my own I couldn't do what she do Sophie's determined to expand the business by pushing their snail caviar into the luxury Food Market they've already attracted the attention of michelin's starred Chef Aiden burn I first discovered the caviar on the doorchester it was horrible but then we started buying snails snails with snails she said that we've uh you know we've got this snail cavar and so she sent it in and and and I tasted it and it wasn't anything like what I remembered it to be you know the flavor is a little bit more refined it's not as soily it's just always there to bounce ideas with if I've got an idea that I want to do something can just pick up the phone and it's great at400 a kilo Aiden uses the caviar sparingly It's the final garnish for his signature snail and razor clam starter pleas it's a it's a bloody expensive ingredient we quite literally put about eight or 10 pearls on each plate with it on the plate I have to sell the plate for5 more there we go amazing your snails but Aiden points out a major problem with Mike and Sophie's business plan it needs a reliable Supply we get it very sporadically you know we'll phone up and say we've got no cavar can we get some oh it'll be another 3 weeks before we can have some and then it'll just turn off out the blue the suppliers unreliable because the fresh eggs only last a week but after a month experimenting in the kitchen Sophie thinks she's found a way to preserve them without altering the taste this could have a massive impact on our business it's love dust simple as that we're producing something that's got a lot of love so it's got love dust the secret love dust is sent off to the lab for testing Sophie must wait three months to find out if it could transform her business it's High season on the coat desure and the mega Rich are jostling for space to show off their super Yachts the Yachts can cost up to a million pound a week to Charter so whilst on board the guests naturally expect the very best food and drink this is mar Town's top CV €3,000 sold to the gentleman in the front row proper bit of bling isn't it at penam it's their busiest time of year Simon and his team are working flat out to complete orders 500 mil that you have you know what they're like they leave this all to the last minute they expect us to move mountains so give me a shout when you're on deck and we can run through the order this is a couple of thousand EUR a bottle very difficult to get a hold of client wants to we've got them the whiskey is part of a 12,000 order to be sent to a yacht in a Bea but it's not all expensive booze this become a superfood in the UK I have no idea but everybody wants kale why yeah I mean this year it seems that kale is the food trend of the Season Goji berries was last year the year before was Manuka Honey hemp protein seems to be a favorite wheat germ powder not for us to ask could we just get on the supply like toilet paper everybody's got to wipe their ass we're required to get them everything that they they could possibly want from us the world will stop turning if Madame doesn't have her zero% soy milk yogurt in glass jars that was the only thing Madame was going to be eating and drinking for the next two to three weeks well she got it but luckily her husband spent the thick end of 20,000 on fine wine so it made it all worth everybody's wild to do it whilst every billionaire enjoys the Finer Things in life there are a few items on the list that are more familiar to the rest of us Simon's assistant Paul is at Jeff the south of France's very own Corner Shop full of British products at coat do your prices so this will cost you about £250 in the UK by the time it arrives here and it's on the Shelf we're looking at probably around 8 but the time we mark it up and we sell it onto the yacht looking at maybe 11 possibly 12 that's nearly nine of our British pounds so you could say it's the most expensive Marmite in the world with a Marmite safely packed the van will drive down the coast to Spain catch a ferry to a Bea and rendevu with a super yacht probably what you've got in here is probably about 15,000 worth of produce it's just because it's got so much wine it's a little bit of expensive bits and pieces lots of lots of Fine Chocolates yeah so someone will'll be parying on someone's boat tomorrow with lock next up I beef in London luxury Caterers bubble have been hard at work creating bespoke dishes for jewry and adrianne's anniversary party today they must find finze the menu it's going to be so much fun I honestly I can't wait to give all of our friends such a complete taste sensation and kind of visual sensory kind of overawing kind of whoo what's going on they're all going to have so much fun and I know for a fact that they'll talk about it for ages to come so this is a little taco for Chris with Hamachi King Fish M yum lovely presentation with the with the hours every dish must be tasted critiqued and signed off by jury before it can be served at the party next week our next canipe is a little bit of dice native Lobster t with black radish and gold leaf very nice very nice bubble of presenting some of the world's most costly ingredients served not just as food but as theater house smoked sea trout with much the mayonnaise is that's a good one this is the one I was talking to time for the show stop a box filled with leaves hiding tiny truffle flavored canopies that be the sound aspect guests must root through the box like pigs hunting truffles in a forest what going on there that's kind of cool I like that to help get into character headphones play the sounds of oinking pigs T that enough actually you need to put that on there when you do it it's really good that's delicious where's another one I'm sure I recognize one of those pigs very very nice so I think Jory if you maybe sit here after truffling success time for the mains but first bubble have another surprise they've scentered the napkins with personally tailored oil perfume so for jewry it's the all important coconut coconut Center towel oh nice I love coconut oh and J's husband likes trees so his tow smells of trees thank you so this will be a really lovely touch for your guests uh there'll be there'll be one overriding scent that you know your guests are probably a real fan of whether it's something Woody whether it's something Citrus or floral and we can really tailor the scent to your guests um specific taste Chef Yen has a budget of over ,000 ahead so the fish course up next spares no expense so the osetra caviar is about um £600 a kilo so obviously that costs a fair bit uh king crab is a really premium product over100 for a for an actual crab and of course it's all topped off with a sheet of edible yet tasteless Gold Leaf so although it's quite a small dish um yeah it adds up it's worth B but with the next two courses there's a problem the barata ball looks a bit like the octopus carao the presentation's very similar to the tomato dish and I'd kind of prefer it if it wasn't a similar presentation and I can't deter from the tomato dish cuz it was so Divine we could represent it and send you images if you want it's a tough one how do we play that one then you can think about that Jor is looking for Perfection but these tough decisions must be made soon I think we need to refine a couple of things and make sure it's exactly what she's looking for Michael and his team have just six days to create a menu that satisfies her every desire it's one thing being able to afford the finest food and another knowing how to eat it William Hans makes a living from teaching British table manners to confused foreigners food is pivotal because we do it three times a day and we judge people As we judge people on their handshake we judge someone by how they eat and I don't care how much money you have if someone is eating messily noisily or badly I'm not likely to want to eat with them again William is only 24 but has been teaching etiquette for seven years and travels the world giving tutorials people think I'm doing this as a hobby or I'm some sort of character sort of a bit like Keith Lemon or something like that um or Dame edner if we're being a little bit more upm market and and but no it is a proper job this is this is not some sort of sick perverted joke this is actually this is me I mean this is my life today William is meeting Galia an USC businesswoman who loves everything British I love the britishness I love driving Jager you can't be the class of British cars beautiful smooth sophisticated classy always wanted a jagger that's that's a star by she's about to receive a lesson on the art of afternoon tea how do you put the napkin you know how do you eat your scon and uh things like that I would like to learn how to do it properly they're meeting at the Goring near Buckingham Palace it's the hotel where Kate Middleton stayed before her wedding William is going to teach garia how to have tea like a princess the issue is that they've got a lot of money and they've got all the designer stuff and they've got Fine China they just don't quite know what to do with it it's it is all the gear no idea just around the corner from Buckingham Palace etiquette expert William Hansen is at the Goring hotel for afternoon tea he's here to give a lesson in table manners to Gia and USC millionaires Gia hello how's you doing how do handsome for foreign visitors there's no more englisher meal than afternoon tea but its rules and conventions are a minefield so William starts with the basics could you just show me how you would stir your tea I'll try not to be nois round and round right yes that that's lovely what what we're actually going to do is we're going to go back and forth back and forth because you won't Splash as much not not sort of skipping on along the surface just back and forth back and forth gently and then flicking the teaspoon above the uh tea not hitting it on the side we don't want silly noises and then putting it parallel to the handle at the back go doesn't it look lovely table manners differ enormously around the world correct me if I'm wrong but in Russia you would put your hands rest your wrists on the table when you are not eating and this is to show that you're not carrying a weapon whereas in Britain the hands go in the lap because of course we're unarmed we would not be so rude as to kill someone during a meal we would wait until afterwards what happens at the tea or at the lunch or at the dinner is much much more important than than killing somebody having safely negotiated The Cutlery William starts work on Gia's language skills now of course the pronunciation of the word scon is is perhaps one of the more important issues that modern society faces would you say it is scone or scone according to the uh pronunciation rules it should be scone we actually would pronounce it scone because once it's scone it's gone a lot of people call it a scone because again they think it's it sounds more sophisticated than a scone slightly affected but her majesty pronounces it scone and it is of course her English so I think we will go along with with scone so would you like a scone yes please yes that's a fruit one there the jam is over there Out Of Reach For Me Now what I'm not going to do is just lunge across you and grab the jam I would say to you Gia would you like some jam and you would say no thank you and then you would say and then you're stack no and then hopefully you would say but William would you like some jam and I say yes please so I would not ask directly for the jam that would be quite imp polite 2 hours four scones and three sandwiches later garia knows all there is to know about afternoon tea when I first came to this country I obviously the first thing I did was having afternoon tea at Ritz dochester and Forman Mason as you do uh I probably didn't do it properly then uh and I certainly know how to do do it properly now I am a little bit old before my time yes I'm I'm a 50 something in a in the body of a 20 something year old I will probably have a nervous breakdown when I'm 50 and behave disgracefully but we'll wait for that day to come in the south of France British etiquette and quiet Reserve aren't required here the bigger and brusher the better and Simon is more than happy to supply it it's the end of the season and he's heading to Monaco to discuss an order the chefs that we work with are under tremendous pressure they've got to produce amazing quality food because the people that they're providing it to are um multi-billionaires Simon is meeting Patrick Wilkey the chef aboard the yacht nasima thanks how you doing Patrick good to see you mate likewise nasima is a 5050 M long 20 million super yacht this is just stunning isn't it lovely little fish tank pretty impressive I don't think I've actually seen a fish tank on board a yacht certainly not as a dividing wall yeah built 3 years ago Nima can go around the world but spends most of her time on the shores of the Mediterranean come through here you'll like this there's a fully equipped gym so guests can work off their lavish meals you don't bang your head on the ceiling I thought you would good on you mate there's room on deck for two jet skis two speedboats and a hot tub this is the master and of course Sumptuous accommodation for up to 12 guests pretty impressive isn't it and um well this is this is my little this is my little room in here I share this with the uh with the chief engineer he's on the bottom I'm on the top we don't have to top and tail at least it's close quarters but you get used to it Patrick is dealing with an impromptu party for 60 guests so gives Simon an order of vegetables seafood and wagu beef that must be delivered to the yacht by tomorrow afternoon all right so you're happy with everything for tomorrow thank you very much cool thanks for your time Patrick good luck absolutely wonderful see you for the last six years Patrick has lived side by side with the world's Mega Rich there is unlimited budget with these guys so you can literally Buy what you want and the quantities that you need without being hindered by monetary aspects of it you know I've worked on boats where 500 notes bang bang bang piles of them lying around the boat literally piles of them lying around the boat um and it's it's unfathomable these guys have got so much wealth that they can wish and dream for anything they want to they can have it can you get a couple of different varieties of bread for lunch one baguette and one sort of whole meal or cereal bread please it's enough for eight people we did have some um Russian folks on a boat a couple of years ago who they would bring their own cans of 500 G of cavat and it's the real real stuff the boss would come down to the galy it's say uh make me some bleen bleenies okay make some we'll make some pancakes up from says give me a spoon spoon and then he get this big dinner spoon you know put two or three big slopping spoonfuls of this I'm talking about you know 200 bucks a spoonful boom boom boom so you know it's a big expensive plate sour cream on top of that rolled it up eat you must eat that was awful the next morning Simon is up early to complete Patrick's order first stop pick up the seafood the demand for the fresher Seafood is so high at this time of year that fishmonger Jill Works a 20h hour day hello yes the seafood doesn't just come from the med it's flown in from around the world with a price tag to match expensive very expensive 100 Kil for two person for two person very expensive Lis V chel bye-bye next stop is to collect Patrick's prized wagle beef from maon lino the prince of Monaco's Butcher of choice bring it all through here sweet look at this so you got your edible flowers lovely and some bits and pieces in there rabbit foodit of rabbit food good good good Dion's Great Sand and stuff that is well that's the Piero resistance o la la that's your Wago yep we've got this from our local butcher lovely this is coming in at about 250 a kilo cool now now I'm happy with that that'll cook up beautifully Wago beef is very popular on Yachts Wago means Japanese cow essentially and it's heavily marbled little strip of fat and goodness going through it and it is gorgeous it's very very lovely stuff I would not be buying it at home my wife would freak the most famous wagu comes from the island of honu in Japan but this Prime Beef can now also be found in pois in nor Wales this is Abramovich he's a Japanese black wagu bull directly descended from Japan he arrived as an embryo from Australia 80 years ago and he's the daddy of all these little Cales here this herd of exotic cattle belongs to Farmer ior humph beer time boys ready for some beer here so it's a little bit yeastier than normal but the cows certainly love it come I get you beer then boys he even Farms according to Japanese tradition that means giving the herd beer every day to improve the marbling effect that makes wagu meat so valuable these boys are nearly 30 months old most British beef is killed at 12 to 18 months old the marbling is the last fat to be laid down and so they need a bit more age than than usual to get to that level what we're doing is not catering for the supermarket we're catering for somebody who wants their beef to taste better I think the beer helps a little bit doesn't it relaxing for man and Beast occasionally yeah we like to share I mean we need to get a pint out and relax together or we can talk rubbish to each other just like in the pub it's not all beer and conversation the herd enjoy another wagu tradition there is that extra 1% which gives it that X Factor and I think that's the massage I got to spend quite a while doing this but my wife does get a bit jealous sometimes yes but she's next in Asbury this year's snails have been harvested and are ready to be cleaned cooked and sent out to restaurants they hibernate so they'll they'll go off to sleep until we're ready to use them in our first year we probably grew 200 300 kilos and we thought it was a lot of snails um now yeah we're over four ton of snails and things are quite different the result of Sophie's snail Caviar recipe have come back from the lab and they're not what she was hoping you receive a report back and it will show you the different areas that it's fallen down in and obviously on prediction we can just look and see that it wasn't going to make a three months test it's quite easy to find something to preserve the caviar that's not a problem at all we we could preserve it um and give it a three Monon shelf life no problem whatsoever but if it's altering the flavor of the caviar then it's no good we've just got to keep putting testing and testing until we get the right one undeterred Sophie has decided to launch another snail product wow there's always something else you can do with snails so the next little episode is the crisps we're just waiting now for the green light for the packets to be run and 'll be out in some of the stores Before Christmas what do they taste SN let's go go crisps this is just another one of those weird and wacky ideas she come up with me it's really going to work it in London at jurri and Adrian's home the big night has arrived for bubble food we with Three Chefs five waiters an event manager and freshly baked personalized buns a night like this costs well over ,000 ahead we need to blend into the background we need to be very quiet the focuses on uh jwelry entertaining with our guests we don't want anything to um detract from that I'm hoping for every single one of our friends that walks through the door to be wowed by every taste Sensation that they have and I can't wait to give my friends this experience we're going to have so much fun in Southwest London guests are arriving at Jury and Adrienne's house to celebrate their 17th winning cheers Caterers bubble have been working for weeks on this 10,000 pound food Extravaganza you know Adrian of course head chef yen and his team are adding real wood smoke to the sea trout starter so they get a nice waft of smoke just before they eat their nice smoke sea trout C any so I kind of made my way around and found my that doesn't last long so it's time for the bespoke Woodland truffling experience complete with pig noises so basically put these headphones on and it's a sound of foraging in the forest while you're eating these truffles are you it's wicked so wicked so wicked this pig I'm in the bar they're snorting taste sensation really good sound effect and you're talking really loud Tom yeah really good thank you amazing wow it's genius it's a genius idea tonight has already been a success based on one canopy with the canop all gobbled up hands and faces all cleansed with a personally scented hand towel it's time to read tonight's menu with a magnifying glass it's been shrunk and printed on edible paper this is aami Bomb yeah so but if you take your Looking Glass and you look on that little piece of paper that's your entire menu for the evening that's brilliant tonight bubble is serving more than just food It's Entertainment on a plate always like fun with my food I think it's Balsam vinegar you think it's like cavia but it's not and jury's guests are suit be wild it works it's been an evening that will do jury's reputation in London Society nothing but good I'd say it's the most extraordinary in ventive and experiential um sufferer I've ever been invited to it's been amazing amazing much more than expected in fact and I think everybody here has been absolutely blown away at a mere £10,000 it's a wedding anniversary to remember for jury and Adrien when you actually meet someone you know that that's the right person then 17 years is a very short time 17 goes by very quickly it's been a good fun ride on the coat desure it's been a record season of excess the super rich have spent billions on their super yachts and they've binged on the world's finest food and drink whilst on board we've had an amazing season this year we've gone from strength to strength so there's absolutely no complaints we've just done a really good job this year Simon's company pen and Provisions has turned over more than a million pounds this summer these look superb boys so to celebrate he's throwing a small party for some of his chefs and suppliers somebody who can afford to own a super yach they've either been born very lucky or they've made it very lucky them spending the sorts of money that they spend supports a whole industry of people who then ultimately pay their taxes and live normal lives the nice thing about working for the richest people in the world is that there is a little bit of a filter down process and it is nice at the end of the season when everybody's worked flat out to suddenly turn around and say hey guys why don't we just cook some of the same meat that we've been giving to our guests and that's why it's as good as it is 5 miles up the coast the guests have arrived on super yach nasima so Chef Patrick is working flat out in the kitchen it's party time I hate making canop but I do like a good party he must cook and send out hundreds of canipes singlehandedly you've got to have a lot of experience you got to know what you're doing you've got to be able to handle the pressure and if you can't handle the pressure you're in the wrong job I'm happy with those why wouldn't you be Patrick has catered to the super riches every whim 24 hours a day for the last 5 months and it's taken its toll when you think of all the suffering that's going on in the world at the moment you know obviously got the Syrian thing going on and you know there's so many times you'd like to go out there to the um to the clients and just slap them and say wake up you know look what you're doing look at the the look at all the money and wealth you've got problems could easily be alleviated with less greed basically there's vast amount of greed going on you have to put your blinkers on put your nose bag on and just get on with get on with your jaw do you know the thing about this these will just be gone like feeding strawberries to pigs and I need some white wine ASAP very tired but not tired enough to have a few beers that's for [Laughter] sure when Aima returns to Monaco next June it'll be with a new Chef Patrick has decided to quit you come in you do your work you work hard you work bloody hard but uh but at the end of the day I could I could take it or leave it and I choose to leave it you know I'm going I'm going back to uh spend lots of time with the family Britain is home to an ever increasing number of billionaires they're the richy rich and Rich multi-millionaires and billionaires are the people that we deal with I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur you know we're very sophisticated here and feeding them has become big business you're looking at between about 150 to2 200 per portion but in the world of the super rich only the very best food and drink will do it will cost you 8,700 people spending money just for the sake of spending money it's only chocolate I want that magic formula to survive in this highly competitive market food producers must be willing to go to extreme length you going to give you an experience of your lifetime you can't serve a drink like this in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon and indulge the appetites of the world's most Discerning clients makes you want to cry doesn't it we're going to open the treasure box the extravagant Cravings of the super rich are growing the UK's luxury goods Market is worth over 30 billion a year every week a new supplier arrives in the hope of taking a bite out of this lucrative high-end business New Yorker Jerry Toff has 4 days to crack London with his extraordinary product This Bar in this box is to us a piece of artwork and each bar is individually engraved with the bar number Jerry claims to be selling the world's most expensive bar of chocolate in the UK for example the the price would be £195 and for your95 you also get a handmade wooden box a 100 page booklet and some special tweezers our chocolate was made to express the aroma almost even more so than than the actual flavor in the mouth our idea was to kind of try to distance our fingers from our nose as much as possible so that we would get as much of an unadulterated feeling for for that Aroma for Jerry his chocolate is almost too good to eat sometimes people the people just want to pop in their mouth it's almost painful to watch and there's been times when people will be you know moving to pop in their mouth and I be no no no not yet we have the bar itself here we took a lot of pains to to make sure that the the bars have a clear sheen on the surface so I'm always extremely careful to never touch the surface of the bar I only hold it on the ends the appearance of the bar is important Jerry and his team of four chocolateers handmade the bars themselves from a rare cocoa found in the Ecuadorian rainforest one thing to take into account is that we've only made 300 Bars we made 15 50 bars of our light we made 150 bars of our dark we work really slowly Jerry has three tastings set up to sell the product he hopes a little of his precious chocolate will go a long way I have three bars of our 2015 rain Harvest light and then three bars of our dark currently the most expensive ch chocolate bar in London is20 Jerry needs to turn the market upside down with his £15 bar if he's going to make his business work it is a bit polarizing if you can buy bars of chocolate that cost you know4 LB why would you possibly pay so much more if I didn't know more about chocolate I would also have that same reaction I would probably be in the side of people that thought that think it's it's it it's ridiculous the luxury Food Market is a highly pressurized place to do business once you found a niche keeping ahead of the competition and maintaining the standard your high-end clients expect is the key to success digging there's only one little slice of clam in there Daniel Humes supplies Top End Food to the owners of private jets I like to walk into the kitchen and it be really busy cuz if they're standing around twiddling their thumbs one they end up killing each other and two it's not good for business ex private Chef Daniel set up the company a year ago it's grown from Three Chefs to 15 and now handles 50 flights a week I had catered on Yachts as a chef and I'd catered in private households as a chef I thought well someone must do the catering for the aircraft so when I looked at the industry there were some good companies but I just found that there was a need for something that really pushed the boundaries his team of boundary pushers cat is to their clients every whim no matter how exclusive or mundane we had a a a sports star used to fly backwards and forwards from London when they were based in the US and they wanted pie mash and green liquor and monster Munch and chocolate bars everybody has their vices everybody likes their fun food and their comfort food that sports stars pie and mash cost over ,000 good afternoon on air dining Amanda speaking how can I help hi Sarah we don't we go get that one sushi and sashimi would you like me to send you a menu over and then you can have a look through okay now we do go into London to go get it from suan is that okay for you today a Pakistani oil billionaire wants sushi for his lunchtime flight tomorrow okay lovely yeah no problem I'll do that for you now on air have a special relationship with mayair suan restaurant which means they'll open at any time for a price they open at 12 so we're not going to be able to get back in time for their flight we ring them and we say would you mind opening early for us to come and have this Sushi and S sushimi but you pay for that it does come at a premium yes it's going to be for 10 people instead of for to do 10 people on that you know you're looking at £4,000 at 500 a.m. delivery driver Stefan is dispatched to London to pick up the sushi this out of hours delivery will add an extra, to the bill they'll be there cooking their food now ready for me to pick up for 8:00 on air spends £50,000 on Suma sound takeouts every year door oh yeah we've got there yeah mate from on a dining got a collection yeah I get it cheers receipts in there is it yeah thank you very much cheers sushi on board Stefan has 2 hours to get to the Harold's private jet terminal at Luton just in time for a very expensive lunch at 30,000 ft hi it's um Stefan from on air dining I've got katering supplies cheers we won't do second best we won't run up the road the local Chinese just in case it's got to be the best and that's what our clients expect from us but delivering the best comes at a cost not just to the client but to Daniel's business are you making a profit are we making a profit no we are not profitable now we have because the reason being is because we've ramped up from an operational point of view to have a team of 15 chefs Logistics team the wages is our biggest cost hello Daniel and his wife set up on air dining with two wealthy investors my wife and I we've invested everything I mean I had to borrow heavily against credit cards and high interest loans and we really struggled and we you know we had to put food and Kids Club on credit cards so if it's about how much we've risked then yeah we gambled everything every last penny and even money that didn't belong to us that we had to borrow from Banks and credit cards so that's why you need a very supportive wife the bigger business gets the more people you got depending on you so it's not just your family and your life and your children you know is every person you employ depends on you at the end of the day so that puts a lot of pressure when we're making profit regularly it will be the pressure will ease with regards to the stress and the sleepless nights Isabelle and Daniel are on their way to cracking the superrich market but they need more business and they need it fast many of Britain's new super rich are Russian they spend half a billion a year on London's finest properties one Russian has even bought a shop the poshest off license in the country Hedonism wines it's run by Tatiana faka for us wine is about drinking and Hedonism is about drinking wine so even if it's an old wine even if it's um you know a very rare bottle we would IDE dearly love for our customers to taste it rather than put it away and never have a sip of it wines costing mere thousands are on the shelves but for something rather special you need Tatiana's key this is the old vintages Vault where we have the most treasured bottles the bottle that I would like to tell you more about is the chat de cam 1811 it it will cost you precisely 8,700 interestingly I have a customer who uh said that if he gets the bonus that he is expecting to get this year he will buy it but not only will he buy it he will drink it the Shop's Russian clients think nothing of spending thousands on a bottle then drinking it in the same evening obviously the situation in Russia has changed dramatically in the last 30 years and people who didn't have access to anything gained access to everything and I guess this is the key point about Russian mentality that you don't know what will happen tomorrow you can be a billionaire today you can say something wrong about our government tomorrow and the day after tomorrow you can be an exile so if you have a greater bottle of wine the cadistic approach is drink it today drink it with your friends share it but some customers have a more conservative approach wine collectors are big in London like Austrian financier Claus UMC I do not know um that much about austrians but I think austrians would be much more reasonable than Russians are thank you Claus has a wine collection worth millions how long is it since you started collecting some um rather recently so I probably started like8 nine years ago okay I also have a stamp collection from my grandfather once a collector you become a the only thing I don't collect is cars footall stickers yeah I did that when I was a kid yeah today klouse is trying wines from Hedonism special vending machines this gives a chance to lots of people to taste a very large variety of wines at u a very small price so that's £650 for a single mouthful this has got Claus's name on it definitely okay and the name of the wine is the thrill of stamp collecting mhm it's very nice I'm a lot less of a drinker uh than I am a collector I probably would want to limit myself to uh once or twice a week what's the scale of your collection in terms of numbers of bottles uh it would be around 20,000 that's a lot of wine it would be providing for some Bean drinking for a while for a number of friends good morning Samantha this is Charlie from on air dining in stanstead Daniel St for prepping another last minute order so this is a quite a big order that we've just got coming it's for one of our quite a a large client and I need to organize um stuff like Crispy Cream Donuts uh lless cupcakes they want some sushi and some Arabic food I'd like Crispy Cream Donuts on my private J if I if I had one to make the business pay they need to maximize the cost of everything so staff don't just make trips to Mayer they're also regulars at wait Ros in Bishop stford so what do you want me to pick up mini Philadelphia cream cheese with the bread sticks or without the bread sticks so I'll be back in a bit with the Philadelphia and bread stick order ticked off ex Soldier Mac now needs a peacan pie but wait Ros are out of stock you're right oh sorry and basically I've had a bespoke request for a PE campai now unfortunately our Chef is flat out we'll pay anything you accept DX as well hi Tim it's Mac um no P campai unfortunately but the Belgian chocolate KS I feel completely ridiculous going into shops asking for the most random items going but it pays my mortgage so I can't complain Max Mini bread sticks and chocolate cake will cost the client over £200 but this concierge service isn't enough to turn a profit Daniel needs to find new business we've built a brand aiming to the ultra high net worth Market that we can plug in other businesses to to maximize the amount of money we can make from the investment he's decided to expand delivering food to the homes of the super rich as well well as to their Jets this is really important that we can do this to the houses now and you know if they're eating it in the air why not eat it in your house for the launch of the new Venture Daniel is considering an amazing new ingredient to serve at his first dinner party you want a showstopper you want something that you can come back and say check this dish out so he's heading to Norway to north of the Arctic Circle his of some rare and exclusive shellfish and wants to convince A supplier Rod Sloan to sell to him what I tend to do is I tend to work with things in the ocean which are not common it's kind of like being a chief Scout for Manchester United but in the ocean in the food world where I go and I look for new Talent only supplies this to a select few some of the best restaurants in the world so I have to make this journey I have to come up here to to show him and give him the confidence that we are the kind of company that will really look after this produce Daniel must impress Rody if he wants to claim a place in this exclusive and highly marketable Club how you do hey man please to meet you nice to meet you how you doing good welcome fatic thanks very much today the sun's out but Rod often Dives in highly dangerous Arctic conditions he's hunting for rare shellfish like soft shell clams mahogany clams and sea urchins which he flies direct to Denmark's Noma restaurant voted the finest in the world this is really where I made my name was with the sea enss we put these in the market for a long time all of a sudden they become hugely fashionable because NOA start to work with them this is the product that linked and I together and this is the product that everybody wants this is the story my clients are after they want to understand where something's come from the Providence the story behind it and how you create a dish and you make something that's more than just a plate of food so we're going to give you an experience of your lifetime by the time the sea urchin hits the plate it's worth over ,000 a kilo so you're about to say something okay that's just going to be magic not many people get to do this this is to me the best so feel privileged this is the roll that we're going to eat just give me your hand there you go is the sweetness that I wasn't expecting yeah really sweet the sweetness really knackers your brain doesn't it and this and but then you've got that kind of salty kick from the sea that comes in afterwards that kind of adds to the but the after flavor that you've got left over in your mouth just hangs just hangs you realize this is the phenomenal amount of money you've just eaten it's like tablespoon in caviar from the tin that yeah it's kind it's kind of bissy you know that's quite a flavor the shellfish costs as much as the finest Beluga So Daniel must prove his cooking skills before Rody will agree to supply him a Little Closer To Home Ex Cavalry officer Charlie is Daniel's first lieutenant he's checking out another new product we found this wonderful little Artisan Supply which is just up the roads um at the other end of the runway in stanard little place called um Elum so we're on our way there today to go and um see this chat and see what he's got to offer Michael Johnson has created a drink that he believes has no rival we expected to be drunk alongside the finest wines and champagne and so on this is a luxury water we're talking about most topen mineral Waters come from mountain springs or glaciers Michael discovered his when he redeveloped an old Jam Factory do you ever say that it comes from underneath the Jam Factory in essic I we we haven't said that but um because it it it didn't come from exactly under there um it comes from over above a confined aquifer that means a big lump of chalk full of water we wanted to make a statement wanted to be different to everybody else um and we positioned ourselves right at the very top because we think this is the finest water you can get if you you want something special this is This Is It Michael decided only a perfume bottle designer could do his water Justice to have a Premium Water you've got to dress it correctly this bottle it comes together in two halves so a lot of expense and time and trouble has gone in to creating this bottle that has a different shape this glass has got a Clarity to it that you wouldn't find in other bottles it's designed to show the water off Elum water is shipped all over the world and commands a premium price in some restaurants up to £30 a bottle water itself is an Exquisite product to be admired revered and enjoyed on its own how crazy is that where you're one side of the airport I'm the other and we've never met I'm absolutely fascinated by this yeah so come down and let's have a CH that water does that look pure to you yeah yes it does got to give it a go treat it like red wi show temperature I am treating it like red one good but is it worth its3 price tag it's it's it is just refined that's the only way I can describe there is no hint of any metallic trace on there uh pure as pure can be it's always the same pure p r in a world that values exclusivity Charlie has another item to sell to onair dining's wealthy customers water who would have thought that such Exquisite water would be so close to us eh or even that Exquisite water even existed so close to us or even that ex Exquisite water existed full stop in central London New Yorker Jerry Toth is trying to sell the world's most expensive chocolate bar for £95 the very early days I said I think it's going to have to cost something like $40 that was before we we decided on on the Spanish Elm box in New York potential customers will happily spend three hours with Jerry tasting his exclusive but small offerings I brought some chocolate if you'd like to try will London Cher Anna franois Wayne be so patient I've got a problem really understanding what's driving that really high price cuz even if you come the wood box and the leaflet and it's a bit over the top for a bar of chocolate that's 50 gr Jerry opens the first of his six bars almost afraid to touch it but Anna franois doesn't bother with his special tweezers he's handed little to the Coco because he wants it to be all about the bean he's hoping that's his USP I don't know if what you wanted was to get the floral notes but if that's what you wanted I think it's very acidic okay um you know chocolate should kind of take you on a journey so you should have kind of a beginning notes and then middle and end and I think at the beginning you do get a bit of the floral but then the minute the acidity kicks in it becomes a bre really fruity and I think for me at the end it's a stringent okay and I find the end of it not pleasant it's like vinegar this is a bean kind of declaring itself brashly that is not how people eat chocolate what they want from chocolate is a pleasurable experience and chief taster Dany arrives to try 8.5 uh-huh my yeah doesn't taste like an 80% chocolate so Aranda chocolate won't be buying Jerry's bars I don't see what differentiates that fine chocolate from my fine chocolate apart from some packaging and that's before Dany discovers Jerry's price 195 you're joking is I thought it was 130 he said 195 even more than I thought don't to put that on camera oh my god really he said 130 okay if he's got a magic formula for him to sell a bar for £195 at 50 g I want that magic formula cuz I'd quite like to put them into all of my stores did it make you think about your pricing we believe that we're making something different to what extent will will people pay for that and and you know that's an open question will Jerry have more luck tomorrow when he tries to sell direct to London's super rich in Norway 300 mil north of the Arctic Circle Daniel Hume is experimenting with rare Seafood for his new Venture a luxury atome dining business right so here comes the point where uh this is a chef's test open one fisherman Rod Sloan wants Daniel to prove his Chef skills before he'll agree to supply him these are my products okay and they represent everything about what we've built here I just I'm quite passionate about it I'm slightly nuts as well but it's it's it's my ocean it's been my life for a long time and um and I can't like have my hard work ruined at the end we'll um we'll have a little play with this then I just let you do your M on plast yeah and I'll come back and just you can maybe feed me a finished dish and explain it to me I've never had to cook something for somebody or do a taste test for to sample anything from somebody before this is challenging cuz obviously I want to show what that we we're going to look after the product I'm just playing I'm I'm playing I'm looking don't want to hide the flavor you don't want to mask it I'm still a little still unsure about that so how'd you get on do you know what it's so it's it's it's it's a lot harder than than than than first expected that's pretty good it pretty good you know it's kind of like a more I don't know if you put like a soy in it or something like that or just add in a bit more what I've added to it is this it's a it's a seasoned soy sauce so it's had infusions put into it I think it's been a really good day yeah and uh I really like it skills uh I like his knowledge with Rod's ingredients d Daniel could create a very special dish the perfect launching pad for his company's expansion this is the beginning of hopefully a beautiful relationship when the wealthy find something they like they'll happily spend Millions Hi how are you Austrian financier Claus umek has 20,000 bottles of wine worth over2 million he likes vintages from important years in his family history the oldest things I have are from the 40s cuz that's when my parents were born um so I have a you know I have 41 eams and I have 47 uh chevar Blan and 47 oon so those are you know kind of sort of trophy old things these things do get drunk but you know unfortunately not on a regular basis but for me it's more the U you know the the whole evening that surrounds opening one of these trophies that uh that makes it uh something that you will always remember CLA doesn't actually drink much of his wine but he does like to look at it so today he's paying his wine a visit at its secret home in the heart of the Wilshire Countryside you'll see the entrance it's very tiny and hidden away very nicely so we're going to open a treasure box it's a high security establishment the wine equivalent of Fort Knox Claus is meeting his wine expert Charles Curtis who'll check the condition of his collection Bas this is health and safety equipment which must be used when go down you may carry these over your shoulder very good thank you there your 58 thanks it might not look much from above ground but underneath it's a different story 100 ft underground is a million square ft of air conditioned vaults storing some of the finest Wines in the world over 10 million bottles worth more than2 billion clients include Andrew Lloyd Weber and Sir Alex Ferguson it's so big it's even got its own train it's like the Lou of of the wine industry in the same way that you can't get through the Lou in a day there's absolutely no way to get through here in a day rack after rack of the most incredible Treasures of the world of wine stretching literally a half mile in that direction and a half mile in that direction time for klouse to inspect his treasured collection you have a look at whether any of the corrosion and the wear is commensurate with the agent and you know Charles will now go into checking color uh height of the wine how much of the fluid has been has escaped through the cork the levels are good I mean it's 85 right so it's a it's a 30-year-old ques wine this 1985 montet was originally sold for around 50 a bottle Charles which are they worth depends on the day you're buying them of 4 to 5,000 us a bottle so klouse has done rather well the thing I love about looking at his collection is almost everything is pristine it's he's put it together in a very intelligent way and that and that they're all wines that will appreciate and value but at the same time they're all wines that he would love to drink every time the markets are bad and people are panicking on one day about China and then happy about it the next you go go on your C you know inhale the smell and there is a real value that you care for and it's a hobby and if everything fails you drink it up in today's fluctuating Global markets financia cla's liquid Investments are safe and secure New Yorker Jerry is trying to sell his 195 chocolate bar but the first meeting was a disappointment he's trying to keep a sense of perspective it's only chocolate it's an easy thing to forget for me and and for our team I need to remind myself of that sometime he's waiting to meet a big retailer but in the meantime is going direct to the client pitching to some all important rich chocolate fans well I love chocolate who doesn't I know so I'm intrigued Jerry is honored there's even a princess present Jasmine Abasi I'm expecting a chocolate that is absolutely Grand to eat chocolates is for two reasons either for one's personal consumption and it has to be exceptional or you give it as a gift to somebody you want to impress especially at this price strange so it has to be beautifully packaged beautifully presented as well Jerry wants everyone to truly appreciate his chocolate which means no one gets to taste it until they've heard the full story I love talking about it we've definitely done tasting events that have been two and 3 hours the ladies don't have 3 hours so Jerry's trying to keep it brief this is the same wood that we fermenter cacao beans in and so five people work working full-time year round to make 300 Bars couldn't just be a standard bar of chocolate it had to be from this really special Source the shortened pitch takes over an hour and they've still not seen the bar there's too much marketing sometimes simple as easier he's not the right person for marketing he needs to get quicker and he needs to get rid of all the buzzwords that are you know we we forested and we Harvest it and all that all those have to disappear and he just has to sell his chocolate how do you feel your pitching's going I I think I still need to condense I think I spend too much time giving everybody the every little detail and I I think I would love to learn how to I'm not very good at sound bites after the long tease Jerry finally unwraps his first bar of precious chocolate um I can smell it can you smell it the sheen looks good it we initially produced over a th000 bars and we rejected about 800 because there were imperfections on the surface and finally it's tweezer time because it is a nuanced Aroma um so if you'd like take you can take a tasting utensil you can use your hand to grab it if it's are you feeling like a proud father at the moment yes a little a little nervous also but proud father this is got to be fingers on that right and when when you eat it um put it after after the aroma put it in the back of your mouth and maybe bite it into two or three pieces but don't chew just let it let it melt in your mouth what we're looking for is a progression of flavors it should show us different things in different moments well it starts off bitter at the back of the month right sure there's a smokiness to it as well it's really smooth it's really smooth really creamy absolutely it's very pleasing there's nothing added into it there nothing there's no cacao butter no vanilla pure gosh did you not think it was expensive it is overpriced for this Market because people here go into any other store and they will pick up a bar of chocolate or even a box of chocolates 50 60 70 and that's fine but that's a real box of chocolates not a bar would you buy it yes I would once in a while I might add that I I did like it but would I pay £195 I'm not like y you know I'm not like yasine I wouldn't pay Jerry's marketing trip is coming to an end he's got one more day to sell his chocolate to the UK at on air dining Daniel chefs are preparing ing for the launch of his new in-house dining service using the seafood he sampled in Norway these aren't just gimmicky items the flavor is amazing the chefs have come up with a very special deconstructed clam chowder sweet corn custard clam juice consum and bacon bits really good it'll be the centerpiece of the company's first atome dinner party event you're looking at between about 150 to 200 per portion and it's it's not about trying to charge them in inflated prices it's about that's the value of that product and that's very important with the signature dish complete the staff prepare the rest of the exclusive seven course meal this looks good this is going to be this is exciting right let's get this packed we got to get going we're going to be late Daniel wants to prove that his new atome service will be just as good as his private jet business we're really putting everything into this tonight and we got water coffee all that sort of stuff yeah we've got water alongside the Nordic Seafood medley they'll be serving the elen and water Daniel's price for the water just 122 a liter I'd certainly like to try some um I I'm sure that the packaging is is beautiful and it it certainly looks like it's worth the money I think it's ludicrous I think it's it's people spending money just for the sake of spending money okay John there we are mate no yep that's it wonderful and um we'll see you there in London Jerry's about to head back to New York after 4 days trying to sell what he claims is the world's most expensive chocolate bar to be quite honest um hearing Jerry uh say the price at £195 a bar was was more than shocking there's a lot of very high price points of products out there including skin care for example where where it may not work but it becomes known as the most expensive product and therefore buying it becomes a state of symbol so this chocolate becomes the top end of the market and represents people who can afford to buy that's a different cache in itself Jerry has one last chance to impress a buyer in the UK I'm excited this is this is what I came to London for and it's happening now so looking forward to it hars have agreed to hear his pitch 2 hours and half a chocolate bar later Jerry finally has some good news meeting with herods went great they're they're fully on board they really want to position this to something really exclusive we're going to work on building a really special display case uh that's exciting I mean it's building a display case is a lot of work you still look so serious Jerry I have the weight of very expensive chocolate bar in a leather bag and on my arm in a mansion in one of London's exclusive suburbs Daniel and his team are preparing for dinner we're adding as much theater as we can we've got the elen and water which one of the most expensive Waters in the world and we're also using our shellfish that we brought all the way back from Norway to just add that added kind of wow factor to the to the to the meal you know so Daniel usually provides food for private jets this is the firm's first atome dining event we're looking at probably in the region with wine included between £500,000 per head he's testing his new home service on his investor Robin southwell who used to run aviation jobs Airbus he's a real foodie real foodie good client of mine traveled all over globally on private jets and and eaten in some of the best places and he knows his whing as well yeah I'm I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur I look for opportunity invest in opportunity I take risks take big risks I say shamelessly because I'm I'm not embarrassed I'm prepared to accept the downside but I'm equally prepared to enjoy the upside and I'm lucky man Daniel has brought in wine expert Tom Harrow to Source rare and expensive vintages to accompany each dish with the fagra we've got this absolutely insane the asencia known in fact as medieval Viagra po Leo the 13th actually survived for eight extra weeks drinking nothing but this stuff I kid you not it's only 2% alcohol they make barely 2,000 bottles they've only made five vintages since 1990 and of course I was just going to say what's the spoon well absolutely see you can't serve a drink like this in a in a glass so you get your own handmade Crystal spoon to drink it from so the first dish you've got this evening is faga we shall be serving something exceptional with this this is the very first of the world's Fine Wines it takes 40 kilos of grapes to make a single half bottle of this wine this sells in some restaurant it's $125 a spoon and they serve it in the uh it's like a combination of of wine and honey Jee it's pretty special stuff is it Tom's doing his thing they're loving it it's great it's great entertainment they're really having fun it's um you can tell because they're all smiling and when their FA the faces light up and then the next bit so this isn't just about delivering a dish to a table this is about you know it goes in front of them and then you get the story behind the wine and the food and all the rest of it and they're loving it you don't get that in a rest after fagra and medieval Viagra it's time for the main event Arctic Circle Seafood what we've got here is is we've got a mahogany clam and we've got a soft shell clam and each of them have different flavors so delicious marvelous what a shame we only get so little I'd like double that has anybody tried any of this yet I think food is an emotion I really do I feel like when there's amazing food in front of you you do tend to go through a journey like starters anticipation Mains that's it and then dessert wow yeah for pudding it's peanut cheesecake with wild berries served with Elum water so I'd say there's like a chalky quity it's like a chalky slly sine character so I think you can smell the rock where it comes from you can smell the rock which you can't smell in other in other words like in or something the bubbles taste far different to any s pelo I've ever but what did Daniel's staff think of a 30b bottle of water very nice glass of water and what does Daniel really think of this world of excess the business that we provide and the service that we provide in this unique experience pays my staff's wages supports them and their families so for me it's just economics and for those that can afford it fabulous and and and I love the fact of being able to supply that and every single person who works for me they can't afford to have one of these dinners but they love the fact of delivering an experience to somebody go after seven courses and seven different wines gosh host Robin gosh seems pleased with his investment in Daniel's business what a wonderful decadent enjoyable evening with friends with family I am rep I'm happy and I'm grateful yes and I am very lucky for the UK's Millionaires and billionaires shopping has become an art form and nothing gets them spending more than Christmas they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree the final price is 615,000 £10,000 to a a multi-billionaire is nothing and that's like a a fiber but while we search out Bargains On The High Street the wealthy used bespoke suppliers of high-end products I designed one with over 22 23,000 soski crystals the sp's best because it's something that's just yours people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them as the Christmas deadline approaches these exclusive elves are under pressure always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful to deliver to some of the most demanding clients on the planet that's a level of service that they want it's not necessarily how you or I would choose to live but it's it's what they're used to when money is No Object how far do you go we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree in the quest to have a truly Super Rich Christmas that Christmas Christmas the world's wealthiest continue to flop London more billionaires live here than in any other city and they love to spend but if you've got a fortune in the bank you don't go shopping you have a lady who does it for you uh tickets to the James Bond premere in London at the moment they're going for £8,000 but that is increasing Francis holworth Noble can get whatever you want whenever you want it at a price she runs the London concierge Company Catering to every whim of her exclusive clients private jets to um Monaco you're looking at the billions you're not looking at Millions so they're extremely wealthy International families a lot of them are royaly o archs we provide a service that supports each of our clients individual needs is your phone on 24 day yeah they're awake you're awake it's late summer in central London but Francis can already hear sleigh bells we're organizing a private shopping evening for our highing cents for Christmas we will put it in a venue where they're going to get the best food the best wine and we'll create an experience that is going to make them feel very Christmasy and want to Bing Francis needs an extraordinary selection of luxury Christmas goods to tempt her super rich clients first up is Chelsea Jeweler shsh I'm good I'm good ah you've got on my little I love that love it love it what are you thinking about showcasing well this is um with your um signature piece or mushrooms our little secret to this is that if you press here and this BEC a USB oh that's cute and then this will be the world's most expensive USB oh it's lovely yeah and how much is that 22,9 what else are we looking at but francis's clients don't just need stocking fillers no they also want main presents again of course our Moonlight necklace this is uh our creme the La Creme um the diamond in the middle uh alone is over six karat it's beautiful I love it it has I absolutely love it it has many many diamonds um this is the piece I want to wear on the evening so H how much is this piece uh this piece is 1.9 million nice if the Moonlight necklace is too traditional shawish something a little more out there to light up the party octopus Bango right I can tell you that it is so comfortable to put on that's lovely pink pearl mhm and the eyes are um Marquee Diamond what's this bit here okay that is our secret for this uh lovely piece so you basically uh turn this towards inside and you have a beautiful light and this is the effect you get um in dark batteries are included in the total price this is 450,000 for clients that purchase anything on the night yeah how do we go about payment for that the best thing for that will be a bank transfer M so what I would I tell you my concern is that money is a discreet subject and I think in the environment that we're creating our clients won't feel comfortable doing a transaction on the evening so I was going to suggest the easiest thing might be is if they did the transaction to me and then I transferred the Monies to you with gifts like this Francis hopes to Stage London's most exclusive Market when you're a long way from home Christmas with the family is more important than ever Louisa is a Russian entrepreneur I came from Russia from Moscow my parents they have a banking business and I made my own decision to not to follow them so I decided to move to London and this would be my first Christmas in year of cele crating here in London as I feel myself much more settled now and my family will come to join me luckily Louisa has her own restaurant The Exclusive XII in Mayfair famous for its Choice range of special cocktails today she's on the hunt for Christmas tree decorations and she knows just the man Michael Peterson is London's goto bble guy these are going to help because um these are all the special things I've done prime minister this was for Gordon Brown the official down in Street bble for 2009 they ordered uh for all their staff and um I don't know if it went out to heads of state as well I think it might have done a few but I know that um Tony Blair and all that got some what Gordon gave Tony I don't I don't know if it was that I think it was they knew about it and they founded me secretly and I'm sure it was Sher Blair Sher I called you up it didn't say I'm Sher no but it was her address and she said I used to live in number 10 that was what gave it away so she ordered a few we had to do a deal they were quite good price they got they got a good price today Michael must impress Louisa and her business partner Gerald lovely to meet you thank you please sit down I've brought some samples to for you to see of some exclusive stuff that we've done this is all the traditional English cakes and treats um that my n and Granddad used to give me all Michael's B balls are individually hand blown and can be designed to the client's taste I've got the pors 911 is so good I love this color yeah it's my favorite color Porche electric blue electric blue sounds very cool little red Ferrari maybe outside the front oh yes we have plenty of them out I'm not I've done a few cutouts these are not the actual bubbles these are just to show you size M I was thinking a little bar of gold y yeah it would shine brilliantly I think the golden pineapple that represents wealth oh thank you Michael and celebration now I think it looks amazing and we can can we do it in real gold I think so yeah make something really Christmas tree oh and here is our famous cocktail X's signature cocktail is made with 19th century armanac and vintage Crystal champagne topped off with edible Gold Leaf yours for £ 8,888 it's the most expensive cocktail in the world and have to represent it again yeah we definitely could get close to that I mean we're not going to get exact but we will get really really close do you have a budget in mind for these bubbles do you know uh the budget was um about 10K so the customer who buys the cocktail just pays for the Christmas tree decoration Michael has a £10,000 bble order in the bag and it's only September this could be a very good year I'm a dreamer I am I want to shop in nework York London Paris Rome Tokyo and be the little Gucci of Christmas decorations when money isn't an issue but you just can't think of what to buy you need someone like brand specialist Marcel Noble very first two enables one to be the first to know about and have the best of newly launching luxury Marcel's colleague is Amar thaen see she's done they've come to inspect one of this year's must have festive products Hi how are you here we are oh wow excellent excellent wonderful there's only one thing missing they may look like ordinary Christmas Tarts but wait till you see Rudolph's nose that is over seven karats overal kosa Ruby you know you've got the fun of Christmas you've got the magic of kind of Rudolph but you've also got the ability to create fantastic pieces of jewelry once Christmas is devoured when one thinks about Christmas you think of Sparkle and you think of glowing uh and this here really delivers both in perfect fashion Rudolph the Ruby noosed reindeer Tarts will sell for £475 each and if you think that's extreme look what they came up with at Easter the world's most extravagant chocolate Easter Bunny the rabbit has two Diamond dazzling eyes it came to £33,000 unfortunately the Easter rabbit didn't sell but Christmas could bring their biggest rewards yet we need to give people an opportunity uh to purchase the very finest in newly launching luxury the super rich can have anything they want for Christmas so their biggest challenge is to find something that no one else can buy right brainstorming it's September so the team from very first two must agree on the most unique gift ideas for this Christmas it's got to be truly exceptional absolutely remarkable and never done before uh there is no budget we're not straight jacketed by any cost whatsoever Marcel's team will create one-off gifts that will sell for tens of thousands Christmas crackers perhaps we'd get for example um Jimmy car to write specific jokes you actually get luxury crackers with luxury standard jokes exactly like it luxury our DNA is to enable people to be the very first to have or do Luxury things gingerbread we could do gingerbread people in the likeness of your family but maybe adorning it with like Mickey moso pearls brilliant like it great yeah we could offer the opportunity to have three wise men uh attend your Christmas dinner the likes of Steven fry Steven Hawkins Hawking yeah a bet starky David starky could be brilliant um amazing amazing um people love to be first because people love to have something that is just of them uh yeah like it we give people the opportunity to come to us for inspiration and that's where they will learn where to spend their all they need is that one big showstopping idea suddenly Amar strikes gold what if we were to do the most glamorous tree topper so you know you either have an angel or a star and it'll be either diamond encrusted or Crystal encrusted but really Lux is beautifully crafted that' be super really before the tree toppers even they have a tiptop price in mind over 90 100,000 90 to 100,000 over over yes following um your email earlier in the week and just have a conversation around in cerum luxury concierge Francis is planning her spectacular Christmas Market can I take a telephone number and I'll give you a call back and I'll look into snap for you in the office yeah she started out as a high level PA before setting up her own exclusive company so the reason I decided to do the business is because I was working for an awful probably shouldn't say awful actually I was working for this lovely private family in London um and they were extremely high maintenance and demanding they would go on holiday and they would ring me from their hotel whilst they were walking downstairs to the restaurant and ask me to ring the chef in the country that they were in to ask the chef to start cooking their dinner seriously just D zero what's wrong with you but but no you know in the world of a high net worth individual they can ask for that and they get it if they didn't get it they wouldn't ask for it learned behavior Francis knows which gifts will tempt her clients at her exclusive shopping event now all she needs is a venue she's come to inspect kou restaurant just around the corner from Buckingham Palace morning morning how are you I'm very well yes sir I'm very well thank you it's nice to meet you than oh apologies sorry PLS are very important of course but as right that can wait for a call back this is main entrance and we go up the floor so if we've got Christmas decorations will we be able to decorate all of this could we have something like her wealthy clients expect the highest standards so so Francis must make sure kou is up to scratch I don't like the chairs they look like they're from Ikea um I don't think they need to see the food being prepared they just need to taste it if I'm honest have you got like a private dining room as well you have an excellent morning chef chef glass is a bit dirty need to clean it as well as our high net worth clients Francis has millions of pounds worth of jewelry to worry about oh security guards do you have any Dorman yes we do how many we two for the night like this we make sure that we have two of them standing and can you get a third one so that they can guard the the office upstairs abely fine okay can we have a red carpet coming in as well from outside I have to put myself in my client's shoes and think okay if I am Mr billionaire millionaire everything is picture perfect I'm fussy but I need for the sake of my CES London is the shopping capital of the world with an annual spend of 65 billion it may only be Autumn but some shops are already gearing up for Christmas Michael and his wife and business partner Jan ETA already have a £10,000 order for bespoke BBL they're hoping their fortnam and Mason concession will help their business grow even more I think the free Kings last year was very very popular because of the colors and these are some of my original are some of the first things that we did decorations of London we're a good team good team yeah we have arguments of course organ setting up the transport and um orders yeah and uh I'm the designer the creative one we can either sell you what we've already designed from our range which is ever increasing now or we can offer a commission for your family starting from £1,000 for a single miniature decoration I think we've been up to 15,000 20,000 all their bubl are designed to evoke memories of Christmas's past it's amazing how a products can affect somebody sometimes you make people to cry yeah some sometimes if you like not me personally but yeah but when you're s for people and yeah they have memories of their grandparents and stuff and they have a little tear in their eyes you really do spark something can I have a biscuit chanetta can I have some custard cream cookies and we've got crunch now crunch the company is based in Horn Church in Essex at Michael and jetta's house with Logistics based in the garage do you break quite a few of these no hardly never the BBL Are All Made in Janet's homeland of Poland the business wouldn't exist if the couple hadn't fallen in love it actually started from a weekend away from me didn't really want to go raining in walks this girl into the kitchen and I was just love at first sight basically that was it um and that weekend I went home and told everybody I just met the girl I was going to marry that was it I was learning polish I was getting married to her in my mind not in Janessa's mind fall in love with Michel and Michel fall love with me our life has changed in one second really the couple now have two children and a healthy bble business my way manger set which is very popular probably one of our best sellers uh literally did the little camel today actually but it's their bespoke service that could take them to the next level every commission that I get is is brilliant for me it just puts us out there for word of mouth as well people passing on on to other clients which makes the £10,000 order from Louisa and the opportunity to impress her friends all the more critical if they're saying yeah it's good their friends are going to think wow we should be doing that hopefully in London's West End the world's most exclusive tree topper is becoming a reality it was amar's bright idea to make this special Christmas star and he needs some sparkle luckily the starford 77 diamonds have just the thing I can show you the type of size that we'd be looking at so obviously comparison the Center Stone of something around this size what's the value of that stone alone that'll be over 200 200,000 yeah but I don't know if that's if that's us being too ambitious um do you guys like do you like the design absolutely absolutely it's speaks for itself it's just the icon stop and there will never have been a Christmas topper which is encrusted in diamond with A2 200,000 Diamond as its centerpiece the tree star budget has skyrocketed we're looking probably about over half a million or thereabouts and that is great what happens if if if nobody buys that we're anticipating that there will be individuals out there uh who will actually be attracted to it um but because it's fresh and truly original uh one can never guarantee it it's a well good having a half a million pound star on the top of your tree but whatever goes underneath it better be impressive luckily there's a lady who ensures that every present has extra Sparkle seeing people buying really expensive gifts and putting in a 250 gift wrapping paper it just did not compute so I came up with the idea of the Swarovski gift wraps and I designed one with over 23,000 Swarovski crystals it just looks amazing now Rebecca's company House of roko sells personalized wrapping paper and gift boxes the thousands this is called the Cinderella and it's made from Lambkin and these are all genuine soroski crystals this is one I've I made for Valentine's this took ages to make this actually took about 3 weeks I wish I never started it and the cost it can start from about a thousand onwards she's working on a rather special gift box for Christmas every single inch of this box will be covered in swy crystals 2 weeks 3 hours sleep a day so 20 hours a day it's not about me at the end of the day it's all about enhancing that relationship between the giver and the receiver how much is this going to go for at the moment we're looking between 25 to 30,000 it's October in krov Poland the traditional Hot Land of glass blowing in Europe Michael and Janetta are on their way to oversee production of Louisa's bespoke BBL yeah I'm not going to say it correct I'm a bloody English darling with a commission this important they're leaving nothing to chance it's just not good enough to uh look on the internet talk over online uh we need to come here and make sure everything's running smoothly in a workshop in the suburbs the bbls are individually mouthblown into molds it's this high-skilled practice that clients are prepared to pay for this folks best because it's something that's just yours nobody else will have it and you'll hand it down through your family and they'll be the only ones in the world of that even if somebody copies they'll never ever get that because it'll never be the same exact thing cuz they're handmade the pineapple symbolizing wealth and the gold bars also symbolizing wealth are then painted these look really good on I love that but when it comes to the replica cocktail glass there's a problem with the stem uh made mistake here Michael we need to uh make it more uh thicker about 1 mm thicker yes thicker but you're saying that this going to be a couple of days yeah yes okay I mean I can see the issues MH despite the problem Michael is suddenly inspired when you paint can you whip the paint up so it makes it bubbly and then paint it on and it dries with the bubbles I never did it before May because if you can do that it will look like it's bubbled on the top mm I don't know how how it will be uh after uh drying yeah I I can try no problem Michael only has a few weeks to finish the £10,000 XII order and it's got to be perfect bit nervous always nervous though if you're not nervous you're not successful there are only two months until Christmas in a workshop in London Soho the finishing touches are being made to the world's most exclusive Christmas topper it's very sparkly isn't it Marcel and jewelry director David are inspecting their most extravagant Christmas design a solid silver star embedded with over 280 diamonds that is as imagined and even better than imagined we've handmade it in silver cuz then it's going to be a little bit more lightweight than if we'd have done it in Gold we will gold plate the main star right and keep the points nice and Polished so it's all nice and shiny and bright so the only thing missing is the hero the Hero Diamond yes that's right wow so it's approximately £450,000 is the Center Stone right right so we're looking around with all the workmanship and so forth the 500,000 or so much okay just in terms of it's It's a figure with Clarity and look at that it looks so resilient doesn't it really looks Splendid this will be the most glamorous Christmas topper the world has ever seen but this tree topper isn't just for Christmas you don't put this one in the Loft for the rest of the year the five karat flawless diamond can be removed and worn For All Seasons for me so ify francis's Christmas shopping event is in two weeks she has presents and a venue already sorted now she's on her way to meet a luxury Christmas cracker supplier deep in the Hampshire Countryside well let's just say if it's going to be like a 5 cracker from Morrison's I probably shouldn't say that sorry Morrison love you um that clients aren't really going to want to buy them but if it's something that's going to cost a little bit more the gifts inside are a little bit more extravagant they look a little bit more quality then our clients are going to be much more interested in that so you have to make sure that actually when you're delivering something as simple as a Christmas cracker it still excels their expectations and they still get that oh wow factor from it hello hello how are you I'm right how are you Katie jits runs Upper Crust crackers her Client List includes Buckingham Palace the seavoy hotel Elton John and Lulu where our little elves are working yeah exactly it's proper like Santa's Workshop great actually isn't it firstly just a nice simple Black Box this would quite work quite well with a like a jewel price for their bespoke crackers is just under ,000 for a dozen and that's before they put any gifts inside or paper hats what very traditional isn't it yeah it's a bit kit yes I know what you mean very kind aristocracy so we do have some um titled people coming yeah so customers can personalize their crackers if any of them have family crusts it's something like that it's not very clear the light kind of hides it doesn't it does a bit we can get other ones that's very clever I'm honest I can't imagine any of my clients going for the smaller ones I I think they would all go big simply because the types of gifts that they can put in them much yeah they're going to need a bigger Barrel inside to fit them in particularly if it's jewelry or like a pect Philip watch would sit really nicely in there if they're buying their daughter a car for Christmas you put the car keys inside the cracker yeah that's nice idea really nice idea again jokingly if you bought them a horse you'd put a figurine of a horse in and say that's your horse for Christmas but actually there's one out in the field the bespoke Christmas crackers will have a place at francis's Christmas Market it's going to be a really good evening there's going to be a couple of uh titled people there in the room we'll have a net worth of about over 100 million with just six weeks until Christmas more and more shops are going festive none more so than that of Flores Neil strain in Belgravia hello Neil hi Susan how are you although here floristry is referred to as floral Couture I really want something a bit different this year Susan is one of Neil's regulars and as always at this time of year she's wreath shopping this time I think I'd like to go look get something a little bit different Neil's wreaths start at £600 that is so different they're like artwork I mean this is Art those are really amazing many of floral Couture's customers use Neil's annual service so he can decorate their homes with fresh flowers all year round if it's a smaller apartment prices would usually be in the hundreds if it's a a Newton Square t house it can often in the tens of thousands of pounds we say tens of thousands per month per week you too one of Neil's best properties is a house in Cent Garden owned by a middle eastern couple but he's never met them they have a property manager James Taylor who organizes services such as Neil's so it's that time of year again it is um the client in Covent Garden I know you look after them regularly they're going to be in London quite a lot for Christmas um they're spending some of the time in the south of France and their house there they're going to be in New York as well but Christmas day is going to be in London and they really want to pull out all the stops in terms of you designing something really special for them yeah of course yeah it's a gorgeous house to work in so an exciting challenge the other thing if you could let me know sooner rather than later is the colors that you're actually going to use because the one house last year they actually refurnished certain rooms to go with their Christmas decorations they they have a budget of a qu million P to do their Christmas decorations and Christmas tree they plan to be in London for 36 hours um but you know what sometimes someone may invest that sort of money and stay in New York and never actually see them people like James are essential to their super rich clients if only to remind them where all their money is and we had an instance once where the daughter um a member of a very wealthy family saw a house that was um boarded up and had Security in in Mayfair and she thought that that house would tick the Box in terms of her new home and when we started searching on land registry and looking at the offshore company structure as it turns out they already owned it with just over a month until Christmas London shops are in full festive swing and so is Amar his Christmas tree topper is finished I have seen a few hints but I'm now actually going to see in its full glory and I'm really excited the unveiling so magnificent wow it is truly beautiful it's beautifully designed and impeccably rendered uh congratulations I think it's fantastic absolutely absolutely thank you um so the final price is 615,000 because that then accounts for vat yes additional costs of Packaging we're ready to insert so the topping ceremony the center protagonist uh really really dazzles the star will be offered for sale exclusively to very first two members what are the odds of this setting am more you're a betting man I am indeed the I would say the odds are fair in everyone's favor Michael and Janetta are delivering Louisa's bespoke order the kind of commission that could revolutionize their company bumpy bobles I'm always nervous but they're beautiful they really are I think they are they've had many major problems with their model of xii's famous Gold Leaf cocktail so the cocktail glass has been an issue from day one and getting the little gold leaf on the top has been awfully difficult and we've had it arrived this morning not exactly how I wanted it but it still looks beautiful doesn't it but we need to explain to the re oh we can fix it possibly we can fix it as we go cuz we have some more gold leaf with us no hello Louisa you right it's a 10,000 order for Russian entrepreneur Louisa's first Christmas in London that's a beautiful decoration it's quite difficult to make it very difficult real gold paint this is so beautiful yeah they are aren't they cocktail glass and we got the real gold leaf the stem may be a little chunky and the paint bubbles never materialized am it look I think it looks just the same as our cocktail yeah but the client's happy oh wow so this is our special piece of gold quite strong to be honest I even didn't expect that it would be so good it's amazing this is just the most beautiful Christmas tree I think I think everybody would love it and is that an atin Martin it looks like a Ferrari actually Louisa has invited her friends to admire her bespoke bobles bomy is the name Michael's bubles have hit the big time in Mayfair I'm just trying to work out what my favorite is I think it has to be this yeah it's nice to have a porch hanging from your Christmas tree though it's a room full of potential clients it's like the day when you're old always believe in magic so Something Good Can Happen I kind of think we've done it I think we've done it I hope so fingers crossed Santa's coming Santa's coming yes on that note to Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas another day another deadline in Belgravia there are now just hours until francis's Christmas shopping event no don't need that just need that table there I do want the other column with the email addresses in because we need to get everybody's email address as they come in suppliers are preparing their products Katie's bespoke Christmas cracker service deliss Handmade Chocolates from Dubai for almost £800 a box luxury hampers for £2,000 and even a luxury golf trolley picnic set each of the products and suppliers that are here pay for themselves to be here so it's a good way not only to network with each other and build up business connections but also to get to promote your great products that to a client base that you haven't had access to before so we're just waiting for the jewelry girls nervous actually nervous I don't normally get nervous but I do feel a little bit nervous CU normally it's all about me and tonight it's not just about me it's about everybody else it has to work for them as well hello how are you that's algra and her mother Julia algra is a Italian Duchess and her mother is an Italian marchess but we need some staff to bring over the champagne wealthy clients mix with suppliers Keen to supply them shsh have finally arrived with their bejweled necklaces this one on offer for £24,000 and their trademark USB mushrooms and this is wi go £43,000 it's amazing but as always with a super rich it has to be a soft sale people don't want to be sold to it you know but they want to be able to experience different products and this is a really good informal and good businesses being done people are making contacts as well which is great yakob Yu the chairman of an investment company has spotted toiss chocolates know one of my AIDS turn around and um mentioned I should attend this event I was looking for some unique G you unique gift something which is not available and um here I am and I'm hoping to put some orders for some of my very very close senior friends every year it gets difficult finding that unique that point of difference that different gift I want about 25 boxes anything about 800 to 1,000 Mark another 50 boxes for me but a different range I want every box this SP in the sense the name of the receiver should be on every box that is very easy that it's an order worth almost 60,000 I think it's gone well I do think it's gone well tonight a lot of a lot more people than I was expecting turned up as well I tried to talk to the who I'm hoping I might be able to persuade to become a client it's been a productive night for some guests and suppliers and Francis May well have found a new client that everybody has heard of and clients want something that's different and unattainable and this is what these guys are we're supposed to go the three events tonight but I think we will stay here this is going to be the best you think in Cent Garden Neil the florist is taking delivery of his Christmas tree a Pampered 12-footer to decorate his client's six-story grade two listed townhouse we're going to need to take off just a little bit more off the top yeah it's just important that we don't lose the shap hi yeah our clients regardless of nationality or religious beliefs they just love the Christmas tree just as I expected beautiful oh God what even with a budget of £250,000 it's good to see some Christmas traditions never change we'll put about 15,000 decorations on this tree it's going to be very full very Lux very opulent this is a magnolia leaf that has been dipped in gold paint not using any tinsil this year it's a little bit retro for the style of the house every room in the house receives Neil's Magic Touch even the bathroom and even the bath the homeowners have entrusted the project to their property manager James who comes to make sure everything is perfect Neil I tell you they they are going to be over the Moon I mean look at that yes so again color-wise just picking up the gos the coverers the family in question they're from the Middle East but they have quite European taste so it kind of ticks it ticks all the boxes yes there's still a question mark over whether the owners will actually turn up but for now James is planning the full package we started to uh purchase some of the presents so they they're going all out EXC this year all out is there enough space underneath this tree for the presents that they're going to be buying there'll be the normal Christmas presents that everyone loves to enjoy and then one or two that your average family won't be purchasing like two Bentley's la

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kurt-l6k [2 likes]: Plastic  people.
  2. @timw4369 [1 likes]: Who cares. This is the dumbest video on you tube ever
  3. @kambizrohany9183 [1 likes]: Rich or poor, in the end, will die (R.I.P) and not be able to take one penny; life is too short.
  4. @GabriellaKapsaski [1 likes]: When I saw William I stopped watching! I can't stand him!
  5. @Kvergetakis [1 likes]: Scammers are a global issue
  6. @sal6603 [1 likes]: class war now
  7. @georgecavanaugh8757: Pompous a-holes
  8. @ZOONGOZEEN: pale galleria
  9. @OnTheComputer3924: Seems like transporting all this food around  at a moment's notice on the whim of a zillionaire creates an impressive carbon footprint. 

See, reducing carbon is just for the great unwashed. So called "elites"  will continue to generate as much carbon as they please.
  10. @javayna2353: This is nice but I can’t help but think about those who are starving and children living in extreme poverty on dirt.
  11. @KhaledBenDhaou75: Rich people don't spend that much. They just don't care. Only the wannabe rich spend to impress. They always tell their mates I bought this and that and I spent this sum at a certain restaurant or club.
  12. @olayemi669: ❤🎉❤🎉❤
  13. @FedericoGallo-h7s: excelente, maravilloso!!!!!
  14. @omarnadeem33: What a lovely time for YouTube to recommend this video
  15. @sabinaes4724: Boring lifestyle 🥱
  16. @shingmaxable: 2026 Rich leaving London
  17. @michellesun6296: How to spell bo bos?
  18. @shauny2146: Pigs . 
Next level after this is for them is jerky grape soda and pizza
  19. @GrenadaInternational: in the Caribbean we clean out the sea urchin, pack them back in the shells and roast them on the outside fire.
  20. @AXBLOWSIV: ☺️ cute

- Luxury Lifestyle Of World BILLIONAIRES!  - Their  Homes and Toys (HD Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en oligarchs internet entrepreneur new money billionaires are springing up faster than ever before and with new money come brash new attitudes wealth now it doesn't mean forty fifty sixty million it means in the billion generation hyper rich has arrived it's kind of blingy and more out there than it used to be you've got a 300 foot yacht but he's got a 500 foot yacht now you've got status anxiety you have the old money versus the new money the individuals spending here there and everywhere on everything bling and everything scary billionaires are the new celebrity and just like celebrities many new money billionaires are not afraid to be seen to be extravagant and they want grand iconic toys that scream check me out since I've checked a box which says yacht or plane or stud farm or mini stately home they have no background of being rich or not the epithet or the finesse I think it can become very very stressful well there is a disorder now that they've kind of called a quiet situational narcissism middle-class people just like you and me become billionaires overnight they're becoming obscenely vain and drunk on their own self-importance they wanted to show that they belong so that's when people start competing amongst you know who's got their children the best schools it's gotten more expensive handbag who's got the prettier wife who's got the better looking children which is an awful thing to say and who of course has got the most outrageous gin Palace on the Med this is the world of billionaire toys Monaco in July is a mecca for mega yachts and it's a chance for their owners to measure up against their fellow billionaires floating villas mobile palaces or ego boosting phallic symbols they all shout that right I would ten years ago we had the haves than they have yacht but now we have the haves and the have giddyup and we have the rich the super-rich and the ultra rich to join this ultra exclusive club you better have plenty of the folding staff giving able to purchase the York you've got probably between 30 and 50 million pounds so that's your first cost which is obviously enormous and then you're more than likely if you're that type of person who can afford to buy a yacht you'll want it refurbished as well so that's looking at at least another probably four or five million pounds if not a lot more than that the running cot to fund your own yacht they really do cost astronomical amounts of money running cons are the old hidden nemesis of every boat owner there's an old adage that you know you should rent anything that flies floats and fornicate it costs a fornicator amount of money just to keep your tub in the water and then you've got to fill her up we use about 1,500 fuel an hour and we have a capacity in about seven hours of fuel so every time we were at the gas station we have to be about 40,000 euros now 40,000 euros every 7 hours it's a rude awakening to even the most gung-ho of new-money billionaires it's one thing buying a mega yacht but at the highest echelons of showing us not simply not enough what sets the hyper wealthy apart is their ability to build a new yacht to their own specification when you're that rich you can have whatever you want well within reason a world-class wife who was wondering whether we keep a pony all about for her daughter the idea was to have an exercising turntable at the back of the Yas on the Arctic but they weren't embarrassed to ask the question they thought it was a reasonable question to invite well I think it's fair to say they live in a totally different world they are increasingly living in a bubble that's the ideal lifestyle for a member of the super-rich is James Bond crossed with the Bond villain we also had a client that wanted to have a shark tank and they're like a swimming pool with sharks in it well a swimming pool would be half shark half human with a glass wall between the two again I didn't think it would be very kind of sharks employing specialists naval architects like Ed Dubois or Tim Haywood doesn't come cheap and that's just the pain no one needs a job it's the very last thing you need actually if you want to see your money actually just vanishing into thin air you buy yours why not if you're worth eight billion you know you spend three hundred million in the US it's not a lot of money every super yacht is a one-off creation designed and built with extraordinary craftsmanship I think of them I hope it's not sacrilegious I think it's a moment of being today's cathedrals cathedrals of the of the Middle Ages for the most sophisticated things on earth I think our yachts I am old shipyard in Holland is where nautical dreams come to life which is yacht designer Tim Hayward has come here to see his latest beer must take shape it is remarkable to see this boat today having spent the hours drawing it it's a 66 meter yacht built over three tiers and the price well i watering on average now we talk about kind of a million euros a metre yes that is indeed around 66 million euros just for the bill the soul and the outside is hand sanded the whole thing no the cold you're below for that bunk is going to be 2/3 million euros and that's just for the outside for the interior design he'll spend many millions more to furnish its fantasies they want the latest gadget what they've had but they want the things out in films they want a doleful expression the James Bond factor they want all those sort of Wow things unreal life speed real so the big TV screen is there so if you want to have everybody on the big long sofa watching a movie you can do it like that on the other hand if you want to look outside sorry and you can turn the whole thing back again so money really does make the world go round finally you're ready to weigh anchor and get Suey yacht is for every owner a weapon off show us they want their yacht to be the biggest and it causes some genuine pain when when some other dudes your comes in and it's bigger than that they feel they failed even though they've got an enormous size yacht these boats are now how big how big do you want it I mean it's this dentist thing I think we driven the magic think it all rather silly but right there will always be someone else with the bigger your than you I mean I know there are a couple of fashion billionaires when their yachts we're together in San Tropez literally the other screamed across the water mine's bigger than yours mine's bigger than yours it's it's a bit of a cockfight well let's see those nautical and get fighting here are the world's current top five Giga yacht at number five topaz weighs in around 12,000 tons and stretches 147 meters [Music] at number four al fayeeds built for the royal family of oman measures 155 meters accommodates 70 passengers and 154 crew member goo'bye at number three was originally commissioned by big-spending prince geoffrey of brunei in 1996 construction ground to a halt due to lack of thumb five years later Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum finished the job in style it's estimated that Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich is eclipsed cost them nearly 1 billion dollars rumored to have its own intruder detecting system and anti paparazzi laser shield it's just the ticket for a Roman holiday once the biggest yacht in the world its rank in 2013 when an even bigger fish splashed into the pond launched in April 2013 exam is this year's top of the yacht and most yacht spotters reckon it's the plaything of the Emir of Abu Dhabi this 94,000 horsepower vessel travels at more than 30 knots which makes it not only the longest but the fastest super yachts in the world coming up playtime in Paradise the ultimate high end toys for new money billionaires left out in the cold just because you're super rich doesn't mean a super rich accept you there is this isolation that billionaires have to endure and stopping the super toys billionaires done if you're a size 12 to 14 it's very difficult to do your job the last thing they want to see is suddenly this front people newly made billionaires have gotten that decked out with brand-new showpiece toys they're finally into high society except it's not necesarily than the varna of their dreams a billionaire spends his whole life trying to accumulate wealth to escape society and then when you get there you spent this whole time trying to reinitiate yourself back into society there is this isolation with billionaires have to endure just because you're super rich doesn't mean the super-rich accept you because the pecking order monster super-rich is quite stratified so on the top of the super-rich league are they extremely well-educated well-spoken are enthusiastic sophisticated they do not feel that they are the same as the next super-rich guy who owned three yards but can't pull a sentence together your new old money pals don't deem you worthy so what do you do you head back to your trusty friends from the good old day I mean the idea that you know you've been invited on someone GI yuppie I'm first of all you're expected to lead 10% of the cost of the yacht in tip which by the way is more than flying around the world first-class on top of that the men who come and take the little boat that takes you shuffles you back and from India they expect to be tipped as well so actually unless you're very rich you can't afford to be a guest but someone who's very risk the unspoken contract between the host and the guests is that the guest is there in some way to entertain the host than the other gear and you've got to play it again you've got to be part of the fun and you know sing for your supper I was one timing lunch with a billionaire he's personally very amusing which was that when you invite friends on on your super yacht they take everything in the room they basically walked out with the entire content to hell with your friends you're a billionaire you don't need them anymore plus you've got this year's ultimate seagoing super toy first released in 1972 40 years on the jet ski is still the undisputed hooligan of the high seas but the billionaire who thinks he's above it all well six inches above it all then the 40 mile an hour hover pod is the only way to fly disliked by captains and crew alike the super slide is every little big kid three big kids with 130,000 pounds per pair that is the billionaire life encapsulated in one fabulous toy full of ups and downs and spins and swoops for the wealthy flyboy at play the flyboard guaranteed to raise pulses and eyebrows across the marina now to mere mortals this cutting-edge contraption may look like a submarine but no they'd be wrong it is in fact an underwater aeroplane the super falcon can fly to depth of 120 meters and it's all yours for one easy instalment of 1.7 million dollars but even underwater soaring can become boring eventually and at this point the lonely new money billionaire looks to his household for company so they end up having to invite their members of staff know mostly their decorators of designers their personal chef to spend the holidays with them but of course it's always on your turn and servicing this whole billionaire staff need up yet more personnel are brought in to cater for all on board the last thing they want to see is somebody that's frumpy they want somebody who's young vibrant attractive she needs not to be oversized because if you're a size 12 to 14 it's very difficult to do your job in a correct manner you hear all sorts of stories of stewardesses and captains resources as well as stewardesses are Nona's I think it's quite a common trap for girls to fall into those for eating to end with the stewardess seen on the streets to be honest it's a good job but of course it's not just the stewardesses and let's be fair Stewart servicing the boat bound billionaire a whole industry caters to their demands and in can expats Ellen and Gabi have set up a fruit and vege business catering to the appetites of the super-rich this is our fruit and veg fridge and all our food delicious prepared a temperature well as some constant temperature was the last client one day I suspend her from papaya fruit down to Sardinia so we had to charge her a private G just to put the fruit on board hi love was ensue have we actually get asked to send our fruit and veg to the Maldives where we beans take care of him at the Caribbean so we send a lot in winter we where we export a lot oh yeah we have a lovely in-house florist called Shu Shu he's divine he just does he'll bend over backwards to help you along major understand sister Cooper drinking you 60 years a nigga's job he's really lovely on the boat adore him he goes on to the boat he'll talk through with the chief stewardesses and he also comes on board some of the yachts withers and places the flowers on board for them so the girls don't have to do anything every day in Ruby apiece as party planners the hyper wealthy Heidi and Bruno accustomed to providing immediate gratification some of the world's most demanding gifts mega yacht owners when they V say to organize a party it trust me it's always at me the team is the key and they do work under pressure and they know his style which he clearly redneck Selena Gomez's issue token Tom was remiss to Franta blue a key term problem restricting problem Jennifer Jennifer doctor cervix effect available desert Angola this is implemented naminé hopefully anoint the pressure is on as Bruno and Heidi prepare a huge boat party fit for a princess 21 year old she's having a birthday party she expects a lot she's pretty demanding what the hell family pretty demanding red party red they're Russian client wants a six-course dinner with fine wines for 30 gifts they've insisted on a top DJ from London dancers from Paris and fresh lobsters from the bottom of the sea also be on their yacht by 8:00 p.m. this evening they are not leaning toward French cuisine they're looking for and good quality fresh and they do tend to have a lot of courses and meals do take 10 fig a long time the Russians might not say born to French food but vino is a definite we this one is a very very rare it's from something blonde blonde vintage 2002 and this is a golden real gold ladle and champagne it's the the top covere from other hair it's a crystal but pink which is quite rare but for the big occasion is the one we suggest we try two of them to keep it open we have to be expendable wear it for them to understand for them to want it it is not expensive they will want it wear something interesting that we use a lot for charity tail on the boots which is because the bestseller it's real gold on it a very nice suddenly there's a problem the DJ is stuck in the UK if I believe your father you cannot have your more simple syslog me for at school in London okay how much is it first private flight have a look the mantra Peter the moon the place where we can't be anyone else oh yes whatever - right down to some parents why they still coming brows before the course is your poster to persevere we had one client who arrived with her baby on and was going to her soupy art and she forgot her baby monitor and so we doesn't seem like a problem to you or I to be what we were said we were gone by no she didn't want aboard one she wanted her own so I had to charter a jet to Moscow to get her baby monitor baby monitor arrived and that life continued for hours till deadline and now it's all hands on deck from mad dash down the coast the clients boat baby's back now our next up Monica I feel really at my best when I feel the pressure it's like a drug here we are in marvellous Monaco the boat is a is here we only have a small window of time where we have to get everything on board before it leaves the key all very exclusive all very private and all surrounded by bodyguards it's a very discreet industry in a funny way the folks are so showy it's sort of contradicts everything that they want to be so we have to keep it low-key we arrived we install we access and wait for the next project coming up not content with peer pressure at sea competitive billionaires and for the sky when somebody feels good about spending the money there is no limit to what you'll spend it's very very addictive so once you start flying private you will never stop the big thing now is you have your own air bus with the bedroom with showers with a gymnasium or a business unit that's probably a golf course in it now to the outside world the billionaire lifestyle is one of endless pleasure they have yachts and they have private jets but flying toys like all fabulous playthings are only for the deepest epochal place could be anywhere from 3 million dollars to 100 million dollars have operating course that run anywhere from about 1 million dollars a year to about 5 million dollars a year depending on the size and how much you use the airplane you're flying in a private jet - that's it - see it's an unspoken sentence I'm for real I've got money I can get a deal done so come on I can tell - my sub experience on private jets was that mostly it creates an enormous amount of stress I was once flying back from Czechoslovakia and I was offered a lift by this billionaire who had a plane to himself which has been very kind to the rest of us and I'll give you a list back well all the people in Prudential Airways got home in two and a half hours and so four and a half hours later we were still searching around Gatwick at least one billionaires are delayed they're not stuck by the lose of their knees around their ears to the high-net-worth traveler flying is a world of private airports and personal service where they are the only customer Oh Katinka hello it's June I'm good I'm good just checking that you're on your way in the traffic cocaine everything fine everything is fine in 15 minutes fantastic well I'm here I'm ready the plane is in position so we're just waiting for you to arrive it's June's job to care for her customers every creature comfort onboard today miss Katinka niku and her traveling companion Ruth the Rottweiler who was born with a silver spoon in his jaw very very addictive so once you start flying private you will never stop giving up that private jet that's the hardest thing to do we've got the aircon on for you Sophie nineteen oh yeah there are clearly children who fly around on private jet the whole time I have a friend whose daughter was once flown on a commercial airliner she said no daddy oh these all your friends she's never seen 300 people in the same plane before the first day of the birthday week birthday is reserving it celebrate only as a jet salesman to the super-rich New Yorker Steve Basar no lives the lifestyle of his customers I love my life I have the most fantastic life a girlfriend a best friends I work in a fantastic environment after all if you can't be them join them dress pant repair normal unfortunately my physique yeah unfortunately I have to slide back to London the building officer ever the business man for Steve it's always work before play he's off to make money did you hit 40 million or is it just boy steve is one of a handful of go-to guys if you're a billionaire looking for jet because he wants his ultra high-net-worth customers to come to him he's opened a retail environment they just can't resist complete with a jet trading debt as I then get it but the real kicker is billionaire friendly mega app the multi-million ometer do you think the budget is they should like to stay around call it phantom seen super successful people or super wealthy people super powerful people there's one thing they love to do is talk about what they do and who they are and you know if you ask them the right leading questions they just pour it out can you run quickly on Patterson on the operating cost yep they're incredibly close operating costs and you get an airplane that is 20% bigger in cabin so it still pushes and my acquisition finds what's the difference between both well that's significantly more they will spend ten million dollars on buying an asset but they will decide to fly economy instead of business class on an airline jet because they could save $300 because there's a big difference between enjoying you money and wasting your money and when somebody feels good about spending the money there is no limit to what you'll spend by me too let me play among the stars Steve started out selling to the original Jet Set I was really fortunate selling jet to Frank Sinatra it was an unbelievable opportunity and we talked to somebody like that gives a feeling of really accomplishing any really proud of what you're doing so let's look at the comparison of the two airplanes from a schematic standpoint Steve's client has a relatively modest thirteen million dollars to spend on a secondhand eight meter jet born salesman Steve knows the power of one-upmanship and heads next door to show exactly what a 300 million dollar jet looks like so come on in here and you can experience actually a little bit bigger than the plane you're looking for but actually put you into the space so it's a little bit more just a lot of work if I can afford that so nasty keep doing it I have a lot more than you got it come on in here have a seat thank you once in plastic cabin this is an exact replica of a Airbus a319 corporate jet this airplane probably new is about 8590 million dollars little bit more than what you're looking for but it could be your second step third step third step I hope you're right me too so by the time you have 600 people on your payroll who travel with you because you can't go anywhere without two personal chefs and six pas and your financial manager and your tax consultant so then you need a Boeing you know you need an Airbus and the big thing now is you have your own Airbus with the bedroom with showers with a gymnasium or probably this unit is probably a golf course in it now let's go check into the dining room of the Airbus or the conference room and it actually extends even further to the bedroom of the airplane no more Steve no more yeah you don't wanna upgrade it billionaires may claim their jets as a time-saving business tool but being billionaires they can't resist a little competition in 2008 American billionaires Steve Wynn took private jet ownership to a new level when he decked out of Boeing 737 was talking more about new moaning than old money and culture where visible wealth is important speaking of which one year later Wynn was trumped by Donald who took to the sky in his own Boeing seven five seven notice valve as well as everything else or 24 karat gold-plated then roaming Roman Abramovich claimed a Laurel proud owner of his very own Boeing 767 but in 2007 there was a new sultan of bling Prince Alwaleed bin Talal alpha his airbus a380 is estimated to cost over 500 million dollars once his tape had been accounted for but soon of course there will be one still better I think if someone developed a supersonic aircraft find a lot of people at the interesting violence if super yachts are about billionaires playing host to privileged guests then the private jet is a perfect place for the billionaire to entertain insight you can do whatever you want on a corkage it because nobody's there to watch it well if you own the aeroplane it's your orgy you know you do what you like in the back you smoke cigars smoke cigarettes get drunk smash those up you can't really throw the TV out of the window like a rock star unless you're on the ground the Jets are furnished often at a cost of millions to meet the owner's personal need and we've seen in this for the larger seven four sevens and triple sevens you see owners where they put in cinemas jacuzzis bedrooms dining rooms they've kissed it out in the interior design of their choice so basically the world's our oyster some people you know or just temporarily put a beach sand with folding chairs of back of a plane some people from the Middle East will have a chair that's always on a magnetic compass that points to Mecca but pilots must beware indulging the owners every whim the consequences can be fatal and there is a story true of a boss of a big company he told his pilots he could not be late for dinner and they had to land and they missed the runway crashed in every was killed coming up billionaire competitiveness gets out of hand confessions of a car collector this is a ridiculous addiction and pay off in Knightsbridge it's not all fun and games being a billionaire on the plus side you've got access to the most fabulous toys that money can buy not quite so wonderful it's a constant reminder that's always someone else out there with an even bigger and Brasher plaything for the super-rich does a silly season for showing off organs and while the Russian and American billionaires battle it out on the Med another tribe of super-rich migrated to Knightsbridge in central London within a 2-mile stretch you can probably see 50 supercars they've all got Arabic plates from Dubai to tar and Saudi Arabia there's a lot of princes royal family lot of millionaires lot of billionaires and it's just a great sight to see it's fair to say that not everyone is thrilled the area's become supercar central the completely overtaken by these incredibly expensive vulgar outrageously annoyed cards and it's just too much and I know so many of the locals are actually there leaving town because they can't come for them it's just terrific it's a testosterone-fueled showdown a very rich young men rape very expensive fast car in a battle to win over the admiring hangers-on for many it's about pulling power through astonishing horse power between super car owners there's a lot of competition so it's always a case of who can get their car featured on Instagram Facebook Twitter YouTube more and how many hits they can get if you literally get girls coming up to the car and being like a satellite where you don't go through I've seen one red Lamborghini have a number written on a lipstick on the windscreen some princess here of the Duke coroner's and they do appreciate under the attention they get from girls I think the car is pretty good-looking very aggressive so I like showing that we have Maseratis we have MacLaren's of a Camaro we have a GPR we can show off as much as we like create some noise all the ties here at top end so when your Ferrari just isn't cutting the mustard what you going to do well like we are here you have it painted gold of course why expensive wise it was cool finishing was amazing I just love it not the shiet of multimillionaires we are just like the feed his golden gas guzzler formed over by the adoring Matt this call I lexington people are smiling entertaining people when they see the gold sauce awesome we know and if any one word suggests it's perhaps just a little bit over the top on five-time world champion and he boxes original for me that's why I live in London these trips out me machines become bigger celebrities and their multi-millionaire owners trending online is the Tron Lamborghini and putting the austere in steering wheel the velvet Ferrari we do see a lot of personalized cars that have their own initials in the headrest they have their initials on the car and they really make it their own car I had it wrapped in B felt exactly as I wanted it was originally silver but I had it on white with like the black and red detailing and the wheels and all that brand new it was over just over 100 grand well now it's probably about half ah looks even for the super-wealthy spending heaps of money to make your car less sellable but you more attractive well it's an expensive way to go about the mating game and not everyone is after a kiss and a quarter million pound lift home billionaires beware British bobbies and their weapons of mass humiliation the annual Harrods Grand Prix is formula fun for the billionaire boy racers the only trouble is the Sloane Street straight isn't really a racetrack never mind should polish out perhaps take the chance to get it plated platinum work to ask the billionaire who prefers to marble rather than mangle the safar let's physical paying to be born in high-end motor acquisition if you want the contents of your garage from all competition you must suffer the pain that hurts the hyper rich deepest the pain of becoming significantly poorer it's August 2014 and the bids for this car a 1962 Ferrari GTO are increasing by a million dollars a pop the world record for the most expensive car ever sold at auction is about to be broken the mystery phone bidder has agreed to pay thirty nine million dollars that's 23 million pounds for the Parag it's a new world record and a huge sum to swallow the resonator that is very simple to track the results of auctions over the last three or four years and one can see very clearly how the values in these cars have been shooting up and up and up and storing miracles have appreciated just over four hundred and fifty percent which is huge absolutely massive Blenheim Palace Oxfordshire and a high-end classic car auction has once again brought out the hyper wealthy big hitter 150 new money 160 170 170 hero classic car auctioneer Chris routledge is familiar with a new breed of big-money buyers there are some clients who will be quite Knox long else a buyers and that's an open-ended instruction to buy and if you've got another competing bidder who equally has an open end instruction to buy it you get fireworks at fifty thousand nine fifty two for the ultra high-net-worth toy consumer the competitive irritation of being pushed to astronomical bids by others equally determined it's somewhat offset by a rather wonderful tax loop now working in their favor on my left I'm asking for 60 wine watches and cars are known as deteriorating assets they said there was actually looked latest the ink deteriorating acids actually gone up in value massively in the last ten years but car collecting is not without its snags Paul Bailey owns one of Britain's most valuable collections of supercars it is just absolutely fantastic to come down here and think wow how cool is that car and how lucky am I to have one for 39 four-pole when it comes to hoarding Rich List runarounds well more Ferrari Enzo is more so this is my Lamborghini Aventador Ferrari 360 spider is even more cars that are in most collections often they're locked away wraps up in cotton wool people don't get to see them they don't get driven may literally just sit in someone's collection gathering dust waiting for the day when that person can double or triple or quadruple their investment but Paul has succumbed to another affliction that can ensnare the super-rich car collector my wife's California this is a 360 Challenge Stradale but here's the problem at which point does a quirky horribly expensive passion turn a wealthy sane man into a full-blown petrol head case this is volcano red pearlescent orange metallic yellow I'm not afraid of a nice yellow on a car is it this point metallic silver I need to have a black one how about now 16mm SLS Spiker Paul is addicted to buying supercars it's as simple as that at least his wife selena has a good grip on his mounting obsession surely you don't need that many car we don't need that many shoes you don't need that many handbags you don't need a lot of things in life but it is our passion and we love to have the amount of cars we have and hopefully some more in the future what do you do when a new one comes out you really try far not to buy it but then you think well I'll just buy one of those and that's a really cool car to have horse Ferrari and the rest we'll make sure that Paul's ravenous desire can never be sated because Paul is their perfect customer the dealers are telling me that the gt3 RS is coming at any moment now and then that's going to be a Conger have to have because currently my gt3 RS is our manual and the new ones are PDK this is a ridiculous addiction in some ways I think it it is as bad as alcohol drugs or gambling I could probably have some sort of medical help from somebody all supergirl habit would ruin most people but had the value of his collection keeps on rising and 40 kids gone up 17 since I bought it this is perhaps the only known addiction that pays for itself in the end every toy has its day there will always be a newer brighter for ball to tickle a billionaires parking family others before it happened probably happier than the Super Paul I mean you know you can safely say that but we have to ask why the accumulation of wealth is the main driver in their life in my experience the more money people have the more problems they have especially if you come across a lot of money very quickly Who am I now people get trapped by the trappings of their wealth boats and their planes it all has to be taken care of and it doesn't freedom at all I think it's very very rich I've always had something to prove the thing that's important and forward it's probably in security for making it different their dad once said to them some you need to fulfil some desire to prove something to so are they happy no and that's what drives them on

- How The Ultra Rich Protect Their Privacy | Hidden Life of Billionaires | The Dark Luxury: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Most people believe that becoming [music] rich means becoming visible. Big houses, public attention, recognition everywhere you go. But what if the opposite is true? >> [music] >> What if the moment people become truly wealthy, they start trying to disappear? Because attention [music] doesn't just bring admiration, it brings risk. Strangers learn where you live. People track [music] where your children study. Business rivals watch every move. And suddenly, privacy becomes more valuable than luxury [music] itself. The world sees billionaires on magazine covers and social media. But the truth is, [music] the wealthiest families on Earth are often the ones you've never heard of. No interviews, no public exposure, no online presence, just quiet power [music] hidden behind carefully protected lives. In this film, we step inside the systems the ultra [music] rich use to protect their privacy, their families, and their freedom. Because at the highest levels of wealth, the [music] greatest luxury is not being known at all. And once you see how far they go to stay invisible, you'll never look at wealth the same way again. [music] The moment wealth becomes visible, attention follows. And attention at extreme levels of success is rarely harmless. For most people, recognition feels flattering. [music] Success is meant to be celebrated. Achievements are shared. Visibility feels rewarding. But for the ultra rich, visibility changes meaning. [music] It becomes exposure. The more successful someone becomes, the more people begin watching. Strangers grow curious. Media [music] searches for stories. Online audiences track movements. And not all attention comes [music] with good intentions. Wealth attracts admiration. But it also attracts [music] opportunists, scammers, extortion attempts, and individuals looking for access or advantage. Suddenly, personal information becomes [music] valuable. where you live, where your children study, where your [music] family vacations, even daily routines become data others try to exploit. Business competitors observe movements. Negotiations become harder when your lifestyle reveals success. Public visibility weakens [music] strategic privacy. This is the moment wealthy individuals begin to understand that exposure [music] carries consequences. What once felt like success starts feeling like vulnerability. Many [music] billionaires describe a turning point. A moment when public attention becomes overwhelming. [music] Random requests increase. Unwanted contact grows. Security concerns rise. Freedom quietly begins to shrink. Simple activities [music] become complicated. Dinner reservations attract attention. Travel requires planning. Even casual appearances invite cameras. And gradually priorities change. The goal is no longer recognition. The goal becomes [music] control. Control over personal space, control over family security, control over information. Because wealth offers many freedoms, [music] but public exposure can take them away. And this is why at extreme levels of success, the [music] smartest move is often not expansion, but disappearance. Because when wealth becomes visible, privacy becomes priceless. For [music] most people, a dream home is meant to be seen. Large entrances, open views, impressive architecture. A statement of success visible to everyone passing by. But for the ultra rich, home design follows a very different rule. The more valuable the life inside, the less attention the outside attracts. Many billionaire residences are intentionally hidden. Long private roads replace visible driveways. [music] Dense trees block outside views. Gates sit far from the main residence, [music] making it impossible to see the home from public roads. From the street, some properties appear almost ordinary. [music] No dramatic displays, no visible luxury, just privacy. Because security begins with invisibility. Inside, homes are designed in layers. Outer [music] perimeters prevent easy access. Security teams monitor entry points quietly. Technology tracks movement [music] long before visitors reach the door. Safe rooms, private exits, and protected areas are common, though rarely discussed publicly. Even property ownership is often concealed. Homes are purchased through companies [music] or trusts, making it difficult to trace the real owner. Location also matters. Ultra-wealthy [music] families choose neighborhoods where privacy is respected and protected. Communities with limited public access, private security, and neighbors who value discretion. [music] Daily life happens away from public attention. Children play without cameras. Family routines stay predictable and protected. Interestingly, many newly wealthy individuals initially choose visible mansions in famous locations. But over time, exposure becomes exhausting. Homes move farther away from attention. Design becomes quieter. Security becomes stronger because eventually the meaning of luxury changes. It is no longer about showing success. [music] It becomes about protecting normal life. And among the ultra rich, the most valuable homes are not the [music] ones everyone admires, but the ones nobody knows exist. For most people, travel is about visibility. Airport selfies, social media updates, crowded terminals, and excitement shared in real [music] time. But for the ultra rich, travel follows a completely different logic. Movement becomes one of the most vulnerable moments in daily life. Schedules [music] become predictable. Locations become traceable. And once patterns are visible, privacy disappears. Commercial airports expose [music] routines. Departure boards reveal destinations. Security lines slow movement. Crowds increase unpredictability. For individuals whose presence [music] attracts attention, these environments become risks rather than conveniences. This is why many ultra-wealthy individuals travel differently. Private aviation allows [music] schedules to remain flexible. Flights leave from private terminals away from public crowds. Passenger lists remain confidential. Arrivals and departures happen quietly, often unnoticed. Cars meet aircraft directly on private [music] runways, eliminating public exposure entirely. Even destinations [music] are chosen carefully. Hotels known for discretion are preferred over [music] famous locations. Private villas replace crowded resorts. Staff members are selected for confidentiality. Travel details are often shared only hours [music] before departure, sometimes only with essential personnel. Routes change regularly to avoid predictable [music] patterns. Social media silence becomes intentional. Photos are posted days [music] or weeks later, preventing realtime location tracking. Because for the ultra rich, the goal is not to show where they are, but to control who knows. Interestingly, many newly wealthy individuals [music] initially enjoy public travel experiences, luxury lounges, social posts, visible movement. But [music] over time, attention becomes exhausting. Freedom starts to feel restricted, and eventually convenience gives [music] way to privacy. Because true luxury travel is not about flying first class. It is about moving through the world without anyone knowing you were there at all. In today's world, privacy is no longer lost only [music] in public spaces. It disappears online first. For most people, sharing life digitally feels normal. Photos, locations, [music] daily routines, personal opinions, all posted without hesitation. [music] But for the ultra rich, the internet is one of the greatest threats to privacy. Every post reveals patterns. [music] Every tagged location exposes routines. Every shared [music] image reveals details strangers can analyze. A background view shows where someone lives. [music] A restaurant post reveals favorite places. A vacation photo announces [music] absence from home. And once information appears online, it becomes impossible to fully erase because data never truly disappears. This is why many billionaire families avoid social media entirely. Children are often raised without public online profiles. [music] Personal accounts remain private or non-existent. Professional teams monitor [music] digital presence constantly, removing leaked information, tracking mentions, and managing reputational risks before they spread. Even employees and household staff follow strict confidentiality rules. Photos inside homes are forbidden. [music] Locations are never shared publicly. Cyber security becomes part of daily protection. Encrypted communication, secure [music] networks, and identity protection systems guard personal information because digital exposure creates real world vulnerability. Interestingly, [music] newly wealthy individuals often enjoy online visibility. Success feels [music] worth sharing. But over time, exposure attracts unwanted attention. Scammers, [music] impersonators, and data breaches become common threats. And slowly, online presence begins [music] to shrink. Profiles go private. Posts become rare. Public visibility fades. Because eventually, the ultra rich understand that the most powerful online presence is sometimes no presence at all. In a world obsessed with being seen, true wealth learns the value of staying invisible. At ordinary levels of success, security feels optional. A home alarm, a secure car, occasional precautions. [music] But at extreme levels of wealth, protection becomes part of daily life. Because money does not only attract admiration. It attracts threats. Kidnapping attempts, stalking incidents, extortion schemes, and targeted crimes are realities the public rarely sees. And while these risks remain invisible to most people, the ultra rich [music] prepare for them constantly. Security teams become part of everyday routines. Not always visible, but always present. [music] Drivers trained in defensive movement. Close protection officers monitoring surroundings quietly. Advanced teams securing [music] locations before arrival. Even daily routes change regularly. Children travel with trained staff. [music] Schools coordinate security procedures discreetly. Family movements stay confidential. [music] Public appearances are carefully managed. Restaurants, events, and hotels receive prior security checks. Entry and exit routes are planned before arrival. Crowds are avoided when possible. Homes operate with layered protection systems. Cameras monitor [music] surroundings continuously. Access points remain controlled. Emergency response plans stay ready at all times. [music] Interestingly, many wealthy individuals initially resist this lifestyle. Constant protection can [music] feel restrictive. Freedom appears reduced, but after experiencing unwanted attention or threats, perspectives [music] change quickly. Safety becomes more important than convenience. And over time, protection becomes routine rather than intrusion. [music] Because at extreme wealth, risk management becomes responsibility. Not only for personal safety but for family and employees [music] as well. True luxury then shifts again. It is no longer about access to everything. It becomes about moving safely [music] through anything. And the most effective protection often goes unnoticed. [music] In the world of extreme wealth, peace of mind is protected quietly long before [music] danger ever appears. [music] At the beginning of success, attention feels rewarding. Recognition feels earned. Visibility feels like proof that hard work paid off. But as wealth grows, something unexpected happens. Attention slowly becomes exhausting. [music] Strangers recognize faces. Requests multiply. Rumors spread easily. Personal moments stop feeling [music] private. And eventually success starts attracting pressure instead of freedom. This is the stage where priorities begin to change. Luxury stops meaning bigger houses or louder success. It begins [music] to mean peaceful mornings, protected families, and the freedom to live without constant observation. The ultra rich learn a lesson most people never experience. Money solves many problems, but [music] it also creates new ones. And the solution is not more wealth, but more [music] privacy. Families begin stepping away from publicity. Interviews become rare. Appearances [music] become selective. online presence disappears not out of fear but out of understanding [music] because once everything can be purchased the only thing left to protect is normal life. Time with children without cameras, vacations without strangers watching, [music] conversations without recordings, simple experiences become priceless. Interestingly, the wealthiest families in history are often the ones least visible to the public. Their influence exists quietly. Their businesses operate without spectacle [music] and their lives remain largely unknown. Because true power does not need attention. And in the end, the greatest luxury wealth can buy is not status or recognition. [music] It is the freedom to choose when to be seen and when to disappear. And once you understand this, you begin to see wealth differently. [music] Because at the highest levels of success, the ultimate symbol of power is the ability to live unseen. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Andrea_Fox [3 likes]: I'm looking into it for a while and  i must say it is very good because this video has education perspective
  2. @OliverGane21 [3 likes]: This Awesome video make people rethink if they have money
  3. @OliverGane21 [3 likes]: You are getting better day by day
  4. @OliverGane21 [3 likes]: Really nice video dear

- Ultra-Wealthy Decoded #1: The Invisible Rules They All Follow: Kind: captions Language: en-US there is a man in Zurich we'll call him Heinrich who has never once checked a stock price not once in 40 years he owns a position in a private real estate fund that has returned 11% annually compounding since 1987 he has never sold a share he never intends to and here is the part that will stay with you Heinrich is not exceptional he's not a genius he did not invent something or disrupt an industry he simply Learned early in his life a small set of invisible rules rules that most people will never hear and he followed them without deviation that is what separates the ultra wealthy from everyone else not luck not intelligence rules today for the first time we open the vault the vault opens in three 2 1 every Saturday this vault opens and inside no speculation no motivational fluff no get rich quick mythology just decoded truth about how the ultra wealthy actually operate financial journalism meets documentary precision meets access welcome to velvet and vault welcome to the vault I'm your guide and today we're starting at the foundation decoded rule No. 1 they don't own wealth they structure it ask most people what the ultra wealthy have that they don't and they'll say money wrong they have structure there is a concept in high net worth financial planning called asset segregation and it is the single most under explained mechanism of generational wealth here's how it works in plain terms the ultra wealthy do not hold wealth in their personal names that is not an accident that is a strategy so deliberate so consistently applied across billionaires family offices and centuries old dynastic wealth that it functions less like a financial tip and more like a law of nature they use entities trusts holding companies family limited partnerships private foundations each one is a container legally distinct strategically positioned and each container has a job one container holds real estate another holds equities another is the operating business a fourth is the philanthropic vehicle and at the top invisible often offshore always legitimate sits a structure that controls them all why does this matter to you because most people build wealth like a pile of sand every gain sits in one place one lawsuit one divorce one market event one tax Bill and the pile of roads the ultra wealthy build wealth like architecture distributed load bearing designed to withstand force the rule isn't make more money the rule is before you make more money build the structure to receive it that is decoded rule number one decoded rule No. 2 their most valuable asset is not on any statement if you were to look at the portfolio of a generational wealth family say a fifth generation family office in Geneva or Singapore you would see something unexpected the largest single line item would not be stocks not bonds not even real estate it would be something the statement calls alternatives or private holdings and what that category conceals is more interesting than anything it reveals the ultra wealthy are overweighted radically overweighted by conventional standards in assets that ordinary investors cannot easily access private equity private credit direct real estate timber infrastructure art held as a store of value stakes in pre ipo companies but here is the decoded insight it is not the asset class itself that is the advantage it is the illiquidity premium the ultra wealthy have structured their lives their income their expenses their entire financial architecture so that they never need to sell and because they never need to sell they can hold and because they can hold they earn with the market charges for patience the illiquidity premium the extra return that comes from locking capital into assets that cannot be easily sold can range from 2 to 5 percentage points above comparable liquid assets compounded over decades that gap does not grow linearly it grows exponentially the invisible rule patience is not a personality trait among the ultra wealthy it is a financial instrument it is engineered it is structurally enforced they don't choose to be patient they build a life in which impatience is impossible that is decoded rule number two decoded rule No. 3 access is the actual currency there is an investment that has generated conservatively more wealth for more ultra high net worth families than any publicly traded asset class in history it is called a phone call the relationship economy is real and it operates in a completely different register from the one most people inhabit let me give you a concrete illustration in 2009 at the absolute trough of the financial crisis a handful of family offices and ultra high net worth individuals made direct investments into companies that no retail investor no ordinary institution and no ordinary fund could access they weren't buying stocks on an exchange they were writing checks directly to distressed businesses in exchange for preferred equity positions why did those businesses take their calls because of relationships built over decades because the ultra wealthy had been writing checks in good times sitting on boards making introductions creating value without expectation of immediate return the return came in 2009 and it was extraordinary the invisible rule at work here is one of the most counterintuitive in all of wealth the ultra wealthy almost never enter a relationship to extract value they enter relationships to deposit it they make introductions that don't benefit them they share information that doesn't immediately profit them they sit on boards advise founders mentor the next generation not out of altruism alone but because they understand that relationship capital compounds the person you helped in 2005 has a deal flow in 2,015 that they will offer to exactly four people you will be one of those four that is not luck that is the deliberate architecture of a relationship economy and it is completely invisible to anyone who is not inside it decoded rule No. 3 access is the actual currency and it is earned not purchased decoded rule No. 4 they don't avoid tax they time it one of the most persistent myths about ultra wealthy individuals is that their primary financial strategy is tax avoidance it isn't aggressive illegal tax evasion is a game played by the new rich the newly wealthy who haven't yet Learned the rules it is loud risky and ultimately self defeating generational institutional ultra wealth plays an entirely different game they time tax the mechanism is called tax deferral and it is far more powerful than most people understand not because of the tax savings themselves but because of what is done with the capital that would otherwise have been paid here is the most elegant version of this principle as practiced by some of the oldest family fortunes in the world never realize a gain you don't have to realize today borrow against appreciating assets rather than selling them utilize stepped up basis at death to eliminate embedded capital gains across generations let the structure the trust the holding company the foundation do the tax work not your tax preparer the structure and here is the deepest layer of this decoded rule the one that separates the sophisticated from the merely wealthy the ultra wealthy do not think about minimizing what they owe this year they think about what they want to owe in 40 years they think generationally structurally architecturally the tax code was not designed to harm them it was in many respects in their view designed to reward exactly the behaviors they already practice long term investment capital formation philanthropy giving they are not beating the system they are the system's intended beneficiaries that is decoded rule No. 4 and it may be the most uncomfortable truth in this entire vault 4 invisible rules structure before accumulation patients engineered not chosen access earned through deposit tax timed never merely minimized these are not secrets that were hidden from you they were never the subject of a conversation you were invited to that is a different thing entirely and it is perhaps the fifth invisible rule the one we didn't formally decode today the ultra wealthy operate within a layer of financial reality that most people simply don't know exists not because it is illegal not because it is immoral but because it is never discussed in the places where most people learn about money you won't hear these rules at a bank you won't read them in a best selling personal finance book you won't encounter them at a standard financial planning appointment you hear them here every Saturday when the vault opens if this episode gave you something to think about something you hadn't considered before then you belong here subscribe to velvet and vault a new episode of the vault drops every Saturday no filler no noise just decoded truth delivered with the precision and the depth this subject deserves hit subscribe turn on notifications and come back next Saturday the vault will be open next week in the vault Ultra Wealthy decoded No. 2 why the rich keep getting richer it's not what you think the wealth gap isn't growing because the rich are greedy it's growing because they operate by a completely different set of financial physics how does it work who runs it what decisions does it make and what decisions are deliberately kept from even the family members it serves Next Saturday the vault opens

- Germany: The discreet lives of the super rich | Xo Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Germany often celebrated for its economic resilience and Engineering prowess holds a quiet secret a hidden world of immense wealth and privilege the super rich in Germany operate behind a veil of discretion shying away from the Limelight in public scrutiny unlike their counterparts in places like the United States where opulent lifestyles are often flaunted the German Elite Embrace a more understated approach driven by cultural norms historical influences and deep rooted societal values this discretion is not accidental the scars of history have shaped a nation where humility and modesty are highly valued even among those with vast fortunes the excesses of the wymer Republic and the aftermath of world war to led to a societal shift that favored subtlety over ostentation wealth while not discouraged was to be handled with care avoiding the risk of alienation from a society that values egalitarian principles as a Germany's wealthiest individuals often prefer to blend into the background ensuring their influence remains powerful yet largely invisible this hidden world is populated by industrial magnates heirs to family fortunes and Tech entrepreneurs who have capitalized on the digital Revolution many of these individuals control Global Empires from Automotive giants like BMW and Volkswagen to influential financial institutions and sprawling retail chains yet they are seldom seen in the headlines or splashed to cross glossy magazine covers their lives while extraordinarily privileged are marked by a deliberate effort to maintain a low profile one of the reasons for this discretion is the role of family-owned businesses in the German economy unlike in countries where corporations dominate the landscape Germany has a strong tradition of familian entan or family Enterprises these businesses often span generations with wealth and influence passed down quietly families such as the Quant owners of a significant stake in BMW and the rymond whose Holdings include Brands like crispy K cream and predy manger are key players in this Elite Circle despite their immense wealth these families avoid flamboyant Lifestyles preferring to focus on Legacy and long-term success privacy laws in Germany also contribute to this culture of discretion the country has some of the strictest privacy Reg ations in the world making it difficult for the media to delve into the personal lives of the wealthy unlike in the United States or the United Kingdom where investigative journalism frequently exposes the financial dealings and Lifestyles of the Rich German media operates under tighter constraints this has created an environment where the super rich can operate with minimal public intrusion further reinforcing their preference for a subdued presence yet the influence of the super rich in Germany extends far beyond their private lives they wield significant power in shaping the country's economy and political landscape through strategic philanthropy political donations and control of key Industries these individuals play a crucial role in guiding Germany's Direction their contributions often come under the guise of Public Service funding cultural institutions research initiatives and educational programs while these efforts are laudable they also serve to maintain their influence since secure their legacies however the discreet lives of Germany's Super Rich are not without controversy the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few has sparked debates about inequality and social justice critics argue that the secrecy surrounding these fortunes allows for a lack of accountability particularly in cases where wealth is amassed through questionable means for instance the Quant family faced scrutiny over their historical ties to force labor during the Nazi era Revelations have fueled calls for greater transparency and a more equitable distribution of wealth despite these criticisms the German Elite remains steadfast in their commitment to discretion this culture of privacy is deeply ingrained influencing not only how they live but also how they conduct business it is not uncommon for deals worth billions to be negotiated behind closed doors with little Fanfare or Public Announcement this approach while effective further perpetuates the Mystique surrounding their lives in recent years however there have been signs of change the rise of social media and the growing influence of younger Generations have begun to challenge traditional Norms some members of the German Elite particularly those from younger Generations are adopting a more open approach sharing glimpses of their lives online and engaging more directly with the public this shift reflects broader societal changes as transparency and authenticity become increasingly valued in a digital age nevertheless the core ethos of Germany's Super Rich remains intact their lives are carefully curated to maintain a balance between influence and anonymity wealth and modesty this unique approach to wealth management and lifestyle offers valuable insights into the complexities of modern capitalism and the cultural forces that shape it the discret lives of Germany Super Rich are a testament to the enduring power of cultural values and historical legacies while their wealth and influence are undeniable their preference for privacy and understated elegance sets them apart in a world often obsessed with excess and spectacle as Germany continues to navigate the challenges of the 21st century the role of its Elite will undoubtedly remain a subject of intrigue balancing tradition with the demands of a rapidly changing world this delicate balance between visibility and invisibility is not just a reflection of personal preference but also a strategic Choice by maintaining a low profile Germany's Super Rich can protect their families and businesses from public scrutiny ensuring stability and continuity this strategy has proven effective allowing them to operate with minimal interference while preserving their reputations however it also raises important questions about the role of wealth in society and the responsibilities that come with it for many the discret lives of Germany Super Rich represent an IDE deal model of wealth management emphasizing responsibility and long-term Vision over short-term gratification their focus on Legacy coupled with a commitment to discretion offers a stark contrast to the more ostentatious Lifestyles seen elsewhere yet this model is not without its challenges particularly in an era where transparency and accountability are increasingly demanded by a Vigilant public AS Global wealth continues to grow the experiences of Germany's Elite provide Val lessons for other nations grappling with the complexities of inequality and privilege their ability to navigate these challenges while maintaining their influence and discretion underscores the importance of cultural context in shaping economic and social systems by understanding the unique dynamics of wealth in Germany we can gain deeper insights into the broader forces that shape our world from the corridors of power to the everyday lives of ordinary citizens the Journey of Germany's super rich is far from over as new generations take the Reigns and Global Dynamics shift their ability to adapt will be tested whether they continue to uphold the traditions of discretion and modesty or Embrace a more open and visible role remains to be seen what is certain however is that their impact on Germany and the world will remain profound shaping the course of history in ways both seen and unseen this ongoing narrative rich with complexity and Nuance offers a fascinating glimpse into the Hidden World of wealth and power a world that continues to Captivate and Inspire Challenge and provoke as it evolves in response to the changing tides of Time

- Inside a Super Rich Gated Community (Extreme Wealth Documentary) | Real Stories: Kind: captions Language: en foreign car our Courtney and her husband Norman a television producer [Music] so great to see you nice seeing you too we're so excited the couple are looking for a new house for them and their future children they have a very big budget six million dollars and a new close friend Kristen their estate agent Kristen 's on wowing them today this is a beautiful 10 000 square foot home that's on the market for 5.5 million so let's go take a look perfect awesome it's this huge mansion 900 square meters across three levels it's very high end okay so the kitchen is super open great concept has abundant appliances and Kristen has another selling point the views Over Las Vegas Courtney is a huge fan so what do you think these views are just breathtaking I love the views I love how open it is let's go look and see what else the Mansion has a vast array of luxury features and a master suite which is completely opened up to the outside imagine Saturday morning waking up opening this up and just enjoying the view with some coffee absolutely a great way to wake up the couple are already picturing themselves living here and the bathroom oh and there's a TV and the hue dressing room will definitely win over Courtney who seems to be loving it here already I love this it's so nice you can lay out all your stuff she likes it I'm happy wife happy life this whole Club be mine and he can take the guest s and the show stopper so you've got this beautiful infinity pool overlooking the strip Norman and Courtney seem Spellbound The View and the luxury of course but that's not all they have visited this Mansion because it is located in a gated community a secure estate a private property with forbidden access to non-residents and extreme security we've got two entrances they're both guard gated 24 hours a day we have two guards at each station and then we also have broken security that's 24 hours security is precisely what inhabitants in gated communities are looking for Norman and Courtney are no exception living in a gated community is of high priority in our lives and we're not interested in looking at houses outside of a community no it's good just because we travel and I like knowing that there's a guard at the front I don't have to worry about my home the couple will also be able to make the most of a large number of luxurious facilities is there a fitness facility or anything like that on this property yes so in addition to the clubhouse we have a whole tennis and athletic center oh wow and there's basketball courts the whole fitness center has this massage and spa and a great Pilates studios with tons of reformers and great equipment top of the line oh that is so exciting didn't like that I would love that Americans are opting for these gated communities more and more but they aren't the only ones more and more these secure Estates are appearing across the globe and are shaping new residences of the future gated communities they are the new housing Trend entire private neighborhoods under high protection sometimes spanning several hundreds of hectares and generally reserved for the super rich this is our most expensive lot that we have in McDonald Highlands it's on the market for 6.3 million dollars so just for the look just for the lot residents here live a life of luxury which is very exclusive and difficult to attain without lots of money quiet you don't have to fight for your machines in America in certain States almost half of new constructions are in gated communities seen as ghettos for the rich the residences here are self-segregated from the outside world it's an upscale community so the people have the money to do a lot of extracurricular things to travel to play sports you know golf what is it we enjoy doing this trend of self-segregation is also developing in France among celebrities and the richest in society which is home to small gems within the heart of Paris or Park de montretu the oldest gated community in Santa clue in the Paris region but the peace and security of these areas are now attracting more modest social classes which can sometimes create conflict in certain neighborhoods barriers in the middle of town which the neighbors now have to make their way around for several years these unusual housing Estates have been constructed in other countries like Bulgaria where the most well-off are trading often dilapidated buildings in favor of secure detached houses behind the scenes businessmen have sniffed out the huge Market opportunity and are ready to profit from any opportunity guys waiting outside and three with the cash boxes for several months we managed to infiltrate these extremely closed off ghettos for the rich an investigation into the golden prisons Behind These fences which Tower like never before Las Vegas located in Nevada in the U.S this city is best known for its big hotels casinos slot machines and its overall wow factor it attracts 36 million visitors each year however it's not just tourists here in the middle of the desert there are almost 600 000 people who live in Las Vegas year round it's in fact the most populated city in Nevada yet on a daily basis the locals often want to escape all this excitement to live a calmer life far from the strip so a gated community is the perfect option at McDonald Highlands one of the largest and most luxurious residential neighborhoods in the city round-the-clock security is the number one priority here the 1500 residents have an electronic beeper which grants them easy entry but the cleaners gardeners and workers are forced to sit in a traffic jam each morning and are required to show their IDs pull up a little bit more right and like all mornings it's Billy who screens the visitors first each employee must State the address they're visiting Silver Lake all right up top so we just click on Silver Lake admit the entry condition is that you must be on the list of guests established by the owners a list which Billy accesses from his miniature computer but that's not all he's still going to take additional precautions new license plate number okay I scan their ID makes it a lot faster make sure the pitcher comes out nice and clear for each visitor Billy registers the car's license plate number and scans their driving license before issuing this pass throughout the pass and the idea at the same time it's data collection taken to the extreme Unthinkable in Europe and when visitors aren't on the pre-established guest list Billy takes no risks and calls the residents directly hi it's Billy at the Stephanie gate I have uh Raphael construction here working with your birdie construction for you uh they're doing the remodel work over there do you want me to put them on for two weeks or just call you every day two weeks these tedious controls have just one goal protecting the private neighborhoods Rich residents the people who live in here are worth a lot of money we have people who run major corporations we have a few celebrities some you know pro football players basketball players you know baseball players and they don't want people coming in here you know paparazzi's and taking pictures and driving around the community and when they're not supposed to be here that's the purpose of living in a gated community they want their privacy so it's a secure and private life for residents and a full screening for visitors welcome to the McDonald Highlands neighborhood behind these fences over 1500 people lead a peaceful life out of sight in a neighborhood that feels like the epitome of luxury 400 hectares designed around an 18-hole golf course with a view over the strip 500 high-class houses worth up to 20 million dollars a swimming pool the gym tennis courts and even a private club with a bar and two restaurants a small village in the middle of the desert where Ken CEO of a large construction firm in Nevada and his wife Michelle live they've lived here for 10 years and every day make the most of their gated community It's a beautiful morning their day begins at Sunrise with a morning Sports session there's no need to leave their secure neighborhood where there's a private fitness center reserved just for residents right by their house how are you see you guys good you guys ready ready don't kill us three times a week they call on Alex their personal trainer who can be hired from the Gated Community for fifty dollars an hour on the agenda today is boxing weight lifting and some other strenuous exercises but Michelle and Ken love coming to train here in this private Fitness Suite you're in a regular workout room there's a lot of people and if you're doing sets you might have to wait for a machine in the middle of your set which is an inconvenience okay good a semi-deserted fitness center personal trainers on call and that's not all at 8am Michelle's sporting day has barely even begun after a romantic workout Ken leaves for work as for Michelle she has changed clothes she meets up with her friends for a game of tennis still within the gated community first they hit some balls with a coach got it oh no I don't before playing a doubles match very aggressive Marty one hour in the fitness center with her husband the next hitting balls with her friends good get Marty Michelle who was a housewife doesn't have time to get bored thanks to her gated community she's doing activities Non-Stop good job nice job ladies all right that's it girls thank you appreciate it a few hours later she's in her third outfit of the day this time for an all-female golf tournament organized that afternoon just a few meters away from her home just across the street it's the middle of the week yet there's a crowd made up of just the housewives living here and they have not only come to learn how to play golf yeah it just gives you an opportunity to know more people quite rightly Michelle needs to find a partner for this round of golf you're my partner it will be this lady Natalie she also lives in the neighborhood the two women didn't know each other before but they've already found something in common I am really a beginner my husband's like we gotta get coffee all right get going perfect so this is why we're here two beginners who share a few holes and end up getting to know each other my babies are 23 have twin boys what are they are they are they no um my one of my youngest just graduated from UNR and is moving to South Carolina one in Houston okay one in Utah and one in California [Applause] socializing doing sport meeting new people all without ever having to leave the Gated Community Michelle cannot see herself living anywhere else girls then inside the Gateway to me no not anymore just because when you live in a gated community you're insured there isn't going to be a lot of noise everything the Landscaping the roads the lighting everything will be kept up there's a little bit more security and then you have all these amenities so why would I live anywhere else I don't think I would and even in the evening Michelle and Ken never have to go far to meet for a drink is the residences bar an opportunity to spend time with other members of the estate Ken and Michelle's Neighbors did you learn anything no I'm going to I'm going to get better acquaintances or friends who clearly share the couple's interests did a great job rather elitist Sports and confidence in lucrative Investments McDonald's here you can talk about big money without taboo for in this luxury residence all neighbors have the same living standard they are business heads investors or high-level Sports people high-powered people who clearly do not want to mix with ordinary people if the people that live around you aren't able to do the things that you can do then you either don't do the things you want to do and you stay home or you find people who are like-minded who are at the same level of Financial Security I guess he'd say that can afford to do some of the extra things in life that we enjoy doing and that's that's what we find here is most of the people here can afford to go on a vacation or can afford to take a tennis lesson or take up golf good to see you distilled sense of self-seclusion but to live here co-owners must sign this document upon arrival internal rules which are very strict and six pages long among the instructions are it is forbidden for children under 14 to walk around alone skateboards and scooters are prohibited no noise after 10 pm during the week or midnight on Saturdays and houses must respect very precise specifications subject to a committee and we will see that the owners are not interested in Breaking these rules year round the McDonald Highlands neighborhood employs 80 people including gardeners in charge of maintaining the green spaces and security guards and among them are Paul and Lisa employees at the association of property owners they have a very specific task in the community making sure that the houses are well taken care of down to the Last Detail sure once a month they go around the estate to report any offenses committed by the property owners looks like he hasn't taken his Christmas lights down don't expect huge crimes here they put right the tiniest issues sites must come down the first offense of the day Christmas decorations in the middle of May it seems trivial but it is banned so for the these lights in particular there's a written rule that says you have a certain amount of days before and after the holiday to put up your traditional lighting then you got to take it back down might be 30 days before and 30 days after the holiday that you're allowed to do temporary lighting Lisa takes photos to send to the owners of this house with a letter asking them to take the decorations down is not done within three months they will have to pay a fine it depends on the infraction for these type of violations for property maintenance they assess fines of fifty dollars every seven days so we can't assess a fine more than a hundred dollars every seven days the fines range between fifty and a hundred dollars every week until the problem is resolved we can get them a letter note I want to take his lights down and that's the case for all kinds of small offenses like damaged fences yeah this one's really rusted out dead palm tree leaves Palm fronds that need to be removed at this property yeah a hole in the wall hole in the wall they haven't fixed yet in total that morning these Aesthetics police have reported a dozen offenses if all the properties are kept looking nice it helps maintain the value of your own property so yes it's just Aesthetics and it's not a big deal but it's a response to people who had neighbors who wouldn't take care of things that aren't a big deal they choose to live in an association area and they choose to live in a gated communities the residents have accepted these strict rules they've even got themselves a highway patrol to keep an eye on them not far away a car patrols all day long Larry who's 71 is the most senior member of the employees and head of security you gotta try not to block things yep this sheriff-like employee takes his role very seriously he rules over a network of several dozen kilometers of private streets you need to move your truck on the other side he spends his day ensuring that the residents and employees respect the rules the rules are parking is sidewalk side once you get your equipment unloaded I need you to be over here that's fine thanks a small reminder but Larry does not settle for playing good cop a few meters ahead he settles down to do a speed control and to do that he draws out his fatal weapon a mobile radar and bit of patience in the community speed is limited to 20 miles an hour this white car is driving at 33 miles an hour the offense is noted but there will not be a Pursuit so as not to disturb the neighborhood however Larry will get all information about the offender with a simple phone call yeah Jane he calls the people who register all of the information on those who enter the community you have a wide focus with California plates come through yeah remember as a security measure the driver's ID the number plate and the model of her car are recorded on Entry as a result Larry's colleague has all the necessary information who is she again the name address license plate number all you need to send a fine to this housemate she does not live in the community however she will not escape this completely legal find got it the cost of this fine is forty dollars and residents can also be charged we report you would like to eat here no why I don't like to be told what to do uh that's me personally you actually told people what they have to do but you don't have why do you think I'm the boss rules that must be followed to the letter and a few extra charges in order to live in this community you have to pay all of these security guards activities infrastructure maintaining 400 hectares and a pleasant Green Golf Course in the middle of the desert it all costs a lot of money paying the bills Michelle and Ken like all of the other residents are co-owners of the common spaces so to maintain everything they pay fees to the co-owners association each month the first bill is three hundred and forty dollars per month for maintaining communal areas and security next Ken and Michelle have a 300 monthly subscription to enjoy the sports facilities and still it is required to be a member or to have a membership when you're when you buy a house in the in the neighborhood this 300 membership is compulsory and it's not the only expense demanded by McDonald Highlands so then at the club we have a food and beverage minimum that we have to spend it is 300 per quarter and so we have to either eat at the club and spend our 300 dollars you know on food there or if you don't spend it that charge you that anyways in total each month they must spend at least 740 and the same goes for all 500 homeowners so each year McDonald Highlands collects 4.5 million dollars to look after everything more than 10 million Americans have chosen this way of life but the U.S isn't the only place where these gated communities exist the concept has even been around in France since the 19th century creative here in the Paris region the oldest is the park de motra 2 on paris's higher land Napoleon III was its first resident a century before the Le Pan family and now an oscar-winning actor in the center of Paris many industry tycoons and Showbiz stars live in the famous Villa montanci in the 16th Avenue or in the newest gated community The Villa granell in the seventh avondismo but in France you no longer need to be extremely rich to live behind fences in the south of France Marseille holds the record number of gated communities attractions like the old Port the Basilica and the velodrome make it a nice place to live but the Mediterranean town is also one of serious violence drug dealing and is the capital of organized crime in 40 years more than 1500 gated communities have been built in Marseille in the ninth arandisman a residential area is although it's not a high luxury Community four years ago in a general meeting the co-owners voted for the area to be closed off with eight fences now there are around 100 homes there which are often stylish but far from the huge american-style mansions however here too access is forbidden to strangers and to cameras as well we attempt nevertheless to understand why these co-owners want to close off their community insurance properties anti-social Behavior this is what must have pushed the residents to close themselves off however is not known for its crime so could there perhaps be other reasons which led them to put up fences for Julian Dario a geographical researcher who specializes in gated communities in Marseille security could in fact just be an excuse no more need to share parking spaces calmer less traffic in short improving life's comfort as well as security but how are the Quan Jolie residents able to close off an entire neighborhood to understand let's go to the Mr University with Julian Dario the researcher after five years of field work he knows the town and its gated communities like the back of his hand gated communities in Marseille that's almost 15 percent of the land staff areas have multiplied in Marseille completely legally for certain areas were already private built since the 30s by developers at the town's request following a housing emergency so decades later the residents are entitled to do this is however the procedure is relatively simple a request to the mayor which is usually granted since in France property rights are unrestricted is the mayor of the 9th and 10th around this month in Marseille try to oppose fencing off the guangzhouli area the community in the ninth around this month but in reality there's nothing he can do we saw uh and these closures could well structure Marseille is the private road Network must be maintained by the residents from now on it's not all every time an area is closed the mayor must deal with it um in spite of these additional costs residents in guangzhouli have kept the fences however not all of them are in favor during the vote at the general meeting six homeowners opposed it Fabienne lives in this house in guangzhouli having lived here for 24 years she has always been against setting up fences first a gate at the end of her Road and a few meters further another completely sealed barrier that is fixed posts anti-intrusion spikes and no pedestrian access a question self-segregation that Fabienne does not support at all the eight fences which surround her community have turned her daily life upside down the children Fabian is talking about are students from neighboring areas they used to use these streets in the mornings and evenings to get to school but since it's been closed off access has become much more complicated Sarah Le Favre has been living in a house outside the gates and the closed community for 12 years five years ago she found out about the construction of this gate at the end of her Road since then her day-to-day life has changed especially when she walks her son Silva to school for seven years Sarah cut through the kwazuli neighborhood to drop her son off at school now she has to go around kwajioli and follow a rather unexpected route across this collapsed wall every morning frustrated residents episode an impractical dangerous path which has been left abandoned for years the other side is the route which goes around the gated community a pretty long way but more importantly it's even more dangerous a few hours later at the end of school she agrees to show us the root she fears and for good reason it's a real source of stress for this mother Sarah has felt excluded since the installment of these fences they have become a headache Eva for certain Kwang Jolie residents we met up with Fabian again inside the Gated Community today she's invited friends around for a cup of tea at her home just four people but it takes a lot of work and Mama the first guest is her mother and she has to open the gate for her voila Fabienne goes out to greet her mother so as to avoid a tedious procedure something that Fabienne does not wish to inflict on her mother mama the other guests won't enjoy this preferential treatment they must use the intercom we and each time Fabienne has to re-explain the whole procedure and open the gate remotely the whole process is rather absurd until finally she can enjoy tea with her friends and her guests don't understand this system either living hidden away protected the Gated Community model is developing across the world trend has even spread to Eastern countries and the market is proving to be very lucrative like in Bulgaria after 40 years under communism the country joined the European Union and its capital Sophia are 1.4 million residents and Europe's lowest minimum wage at 235 Euros per month although the Town Center definitely doesn't lack charm the buildings are often worn down and degraded Yvonne who's 45 years old is the vice president of the Sofia Municipal Council every day to go to work he goes through Sofia and the area where he used to live so this is where we used to live in this entrance at the top at the roof of the building he and his wife lived right here in the center of town in a small apartment with a balcony on the top floor of this building the main issue that it's a very busy street so it was packed with traffic packed with cars now it looks like a highway noise traffic jams and the Pavements here are far from the sanitized streets of gated communities you see all those ugly payments when you have a small kit or or a stroller to to carry the baby this is really not the perfect way you you expect to have your payment it's funny to admit for this municipality official Yvonne has even opted for a change of environment even if it means turning his back on his town he has moved to 10 or so kilometers from the center of Sofia into this totally gated community in the American Style with fences cameras and security guards exactly like in the United States he and his wife svobada along with their son Alexander have bought their dream apartment 196 meters squared and a big Garden which is nearly 300 meters squared first of all we were living in a much smaller apartment with all these toys and things we were really you know full and packed with many staff so now it's it's really big relief to move in something something big and it's a well-suited apartment for having friends over like this French couple who arrived the previous day this morning Yvonne and svovada offered them a tour of their new paradise and here is the most important part for them up to three secure accesses with barriers and guards at the gate the security that Yvonne appreciates even more now that he is a dad if you don't have children and you don't have to worry about anything else having a security with the barriers and the lifeguards they actually watch around they have cameras at night they're watching the the perimeter that's not all the residence is overflowing with facilities Fitness yoga massage offices a fitness center with a pool football pitches and basketball courts but also there is a nursery a hair salon a variety of shops and restaurants and even a chapel all within a gated community it's a real man-made Village so it's like living in a big hotel in a way it's like living in a small town in the Big Town yes that's probably the perfect explanation a town in which everyone has the same standard of living a really quite comfortable one people who have a very busy day life people who have their professional careers most of the people who are working in multinational companies there are people working in the banks in the insurance business in the transportation uh Construction and there's even a VIP living here the house over there is probably the biggest house he become very busy with his professional career and then he become a minister and then president this man is Rosen prevneliev the president of Bulgaria from 2012 to 2017. powerful and highly influential neighbors security shops no Yvonne no longer wants to leave this life of comfort this weekend are you going out of the year one hour we are going up I don't know I still have things to do at home you don't want to leave however to live here and benefit from the security and comfort they must pay for it each month Yvonne and svobada pay around 300 Euros that's a huge amount in Bulgaria it's more than the local minimum wage and svobada is a bit uneasy about broaching the issue while we are talking about prices speak about lifestyle we are going to speak about Community 300 Euros in charges that's twice her mother's pension svobada struggles to accept it in fact for Ivan and svobada it is tough to openly accept what they spend for a comfortable life in this country which has historically remained quite poor this man knew how to make a profit from the newly Rich he's the owner of residential Park his offices look over the community Georgie ranche is a property developer a Pioneer in gated communities in Bulgaria however he began with very different constructions the residential Park is just our second largest project where we started more than 20 years ago is the business park software Business Park an entire area of offices made up of modern buildings for the time the first building was the yellow one actually and from there it started and then we developed building by building adding more and more office space and more and more clients as a result hundreds of businesses moved there on the outskirts of Sophia fifteen thousand people worked there but they are far from their homes and the center of town by talking to all the people in the business guys from the community it came the idea that they would like to live nearby because of the traffic because of the jumps because of the parking problems and we started acquiring plots how the idea for the Gated Community was born a small town for the executives of these companies with housing shops and all the necessary comforts Company still owns the land with the exception of the houses so he manages the residents like a small business one of his tasks is maintaining the communal today with his associate he wants to do up the community's shared spaces beginning with the empty land next to the chapel Georgie wants to install some small covered benches but the problem is that these installations which are over two meters tall come at a price a bench like this is 10 000 Euros probably we are willing to invest something between 30 40 000. every year Georgie invests 1 million euros into the residents taking special care of his 1600 residents whom he doesn't want to lose because his success has created rivalry and for several months a competitor has been copying Georgie's idea just a few meters away from residential Park is a huge building site another Community with offices sports centers restaurants and even a school so behind the scenes Georgie is preparing a counter-attack he has decided to build a whole new residence just a bit further from the center today the businessman has met with his associates on the new land which he has bought 20 kilometers from Sofia he'd like to work out the appearance of the final project in more concrete terms his Architects give a tour it has to be said that at the moment it's rather difficult to picture a huge residence here on this vast land from the very beginning it was the same location in the middle of nowhere it was even worse I think in the residential park there was nothing just a big tree he wanted this land so much that he negotiated with Farmers accepting their rather surprising conditions square meters cash 200 000 years cash why they wanted to to see the cash these were guys from The Villages from German from lausanne and they didn't trust anybody it's like local Village People a lot of cash and some cold sweat and I'm 10 o'clock in the night it was in the basement and then everybody 100 and we with the cash in boxes and I say what do we do if this guy doesn't come and I'm with the boxes with the cash at the end he came and one hour a week spread the cash they counted it went away happy Georgie seems sure of himself it must be said that this land has a huge asset its location it's going to be extended and we're going to connect to it and there is an existing Road once the rink road is going to expand it's going to be very fast to go downtown an expressway leading into the center of Sofia just next to the Future gated community it's clearly worth it three years before the first houses are built clients are already rushing currently we have sold as reservations more than 100 houses out of 136 we are signing like five to ten reservations per week so by the end of June everything we believe if we keep the same speed would be booked a full house since filming all of the projects new homes have been reserved

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gritht [1 likes]: Her bag is hideous 0:32
  2. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 18:12 ha ha ha… yeah, my house is better than ANYTHING in that community… NO HOA!
  3. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 16:36 why is their an air of sadness in these groups?
  4. @TheForcesWrath: Somewhere out there is a really rich group of people who have that quiet money that moves the world in the direction they want. I bet they laugh at these videos. $6 mil is like change to them.
  5. @johnsetzco4178: Somebody coming 'round to take pictures of the Christmas lights on your house, and notifying you about it, feels the opposite of privacy to me.
  6. @flgirl45: "Happy wife. Happy life"? Then she says...."I'll take this closet and he can have the guest closet".  This is sad. She was dead serious too. I've seen many like this in my business . All about her!😂😂😂😂😂😂
  7. @SamueleYogaMeditationBreath-Wo: Wow
  8. @Decompres2002: 0:00 Property viewing
5:20 Gated communities around the world
7:40 Macdonald highlands security
10:10 Macdonald Highlands services & more
13:40 Socialising
17:20 Macdonald Highlands strict rules and regulation documents

18:20 Association of property owners (people that fine you for not taking care of your property
  9. @Bob-v6n3s: I have lived in roughly 20 countries and have discovered a universal truth. If a country can not ensure the security of its borders and the people within them... the more and larger the areas will be to seal off undesirable people. Test it for yourselves!
  10. @gish-t6q: 1:34 there is something really inconsiderate abt how he smears his oils on a wall like that... he knew he wasnt abt this place, but he felt the need to smear. minor thing but this behavior is easy to miss i just felt the need to call out because internet
  11. @BillionaireMind-g7k: fyp
  12. @celticwarrior777: Oyr countries,are filling up with illegals.
I would do gated community to its only way to be safe for women and kids..
Bulgaria gated community 300 month sounds good
  13. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: I got to try it but it was all fake not real I wish I had friends
  14. @troyhayder6986: Poverty line millionaires...why do you get to live like that??? And I live in council accomodation??? If I owe less money than you??? The entire thing is a total fing sham...
  15. @Amberbaddie2024: The whole bullshit of showing 🪪 and running the license is a bunch of bullshit. 🙄😒. IDC how much money you have that's overboard. They can keep that crap.
  16. @ushkadush: Real Rich people build their dream, not buy someone elses dream
  17. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: "Who share a few holes and end up getting to know eachother" my brain went to a different place lmao
  18. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: I don't think ghetto and rich belong on the same sentence
  19. @LesNessman2001: 23:27 bet you the people living in the community also rail against “communism”!
  20. @LesNessman2001: 2:16 this is why closets should be stripped bare before house is on the market!
No woman on Earth would want that style.

- Germany’s Hidden Billionaires: The Discreet Lives of the Super Rich | Real Life History: Kind: captions Language: en When you picture extreme wealth, you probably imagine vast tech empires and super yachts cutting through the Mediterranean. But look at Germany. It holds more billionaires than any other European nation. Despite numbering over 170 individuals, these mega-wealthy citizens maintain virtually zero public footprint. You're far more likely to see a standard Volkswagen parked outside their homes than a fleet of exotic cars. Financial journalists spend months painstakingly public records just to estimate their assets. For some of the most prominent business families on these rich lists, not a single photograph exists anywhere online. For the German elite, extreme wealth is used to secure the ultimate luxury, a total exit from public life. This quiet fortune rarely comes from sudden tech disruption. It is grounded in the Mittelstand, generations of privately owned medium to large industrial and retail businesses that form the stable base of the country's economy. Take figures like Michael Otto. Over several decades, he transitioned his father's mail-order business into a massive digital enterprise, quietly building a highly profitable global retail empire. Many of these fortunes were built from absolute zero. Following World War II, founders who arrived as destitute refugees slowly rebuilt these massive companies out of the ruins of the country. There are rare new money exceptions who do seek publicity, like fitness chain founder Rainer Schaller. But in the German business ecosystem, highly visible aggressive entrepreneurs are extreme cultural outliers. The true foundation of wealth here is compounding, invisible stability carefully maintained across multiple generations. There are very real physical and psychological reasons for this intense secrecy. Staying out of the public eye lowers the risk of extortion, targeted kidnappings, and home invasions. There is also a heavier historical reality. Some of these inherited fortunes possess ties to the Third Reich, creating an enormous unspoken pressure to avoid any public scrutiny whatsoever. To handle this immense capital, the elite rely on family offices. These highly exclusive asset management firms are tasked entirely with protecting and growing private fortunes that exceed 30 million euros. These offices shield the wealth from internal threats as well. They carefully navigate inheritance disputes, heavy taxation, and the dilution that comes from poor successive management. Even their socializing is isolated. Instead of high-profile galas, multi-million euro deals are negotiated entirely within private VIP football boxes and secluded family-owned hunting lodges. The billionaire lifestyle here is a heavily fortified ecosystem of self-preservation, designed explicitly to keep outsiders looking the other way. While these private portfolios have exploded since the financial crisis, the average middle-class worker in Germany has swallowed losses and watched their wages stagnate. This chart highlights the sheer scale of the current wealth gap. The top 1% of Germans now control a full 25% of the nation's total assets. And if we track the source of that growth, the trend line curves sharply upward. Favorable zero interest rates and an exploding urban real estate market have quietly doubled the property assets of the elite over the past decade. This scale of employment translates into a unique form of political leverage. Because these families provide jobs for hundreds of thousands of people, their private corporate interests are tied directly to national economic stability, giving them a quiet, undeniable influence at the highest levels of government. To counter demands for redistribution, billionaires highlight their status as the Mittelstand, the fragile, essential foundation of the German economy. By hiding their wealth, the ultra-rich successfully deflect the anger of the working class. In an era defined by massive financial inequality, the ultimate luxury is anonymity.

- HOW to COLLECT WINE like a MASTER: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine and i often get the requests from you guys that you want to see what's in my cellar i'm not going to show you everything because that's private but today i want to show you how to build your own wine collection and how to correctly store your wine on top of that i'm going to show you some wines from my collection that you should get for your own seller too so let's dive in [Music] when i first got interested in one i did not have any money no space and i did not know enough in order to start collecting wine i usually bought my wine at the supermarket or at wine shops and opened the bottles on the same evening in the following years i could not start a collection either because i was moving from country to country was living in flats where i kept my wine in cupboards and under staircases when we bought this house one of the reasons i fell in love with it was the cellar it's cold dark and humid and therefore pretty much perfect for storing wine but you do not need a perfect seller in order to start your wine collection there's no official definition of what makes somebody a wine collector but my personal definition would be that a wine collector buys wines for the purpose of building a collection of wines she or he enjoys a wine collector therefore makes strategic long-term decisions when buying wines as opposed to just buying wines for the next dinner party but why should you build a wine collection the most important reason is that you always have wine at home for every occasion the second reason is that it's fun and it might be a great opportunity to connect with other collectors and the third reason is that wine appreciates in value over time so you might be able to buy a case of wine today and sell it at a profit in 10 years time in order to buy more wine i do not plan exactly which ones i'm going to buy each year but it makes a lot of sense to think a little bit about your approach which ones you're going to add to your collection obviously depends on your budget your space and your personal preferences you should buy ones that you and your guests like for sure but you should also have wines for different occasions at different price points and for different meals a good collector always has one at different maturity levels in his cellar you want to have ones that are too young ones that are just getting into their drinking window and ones that are right at their peak at the same time in your cellar part of collecting wine is also that you will always have some wine that are past their peak which is fine but you need to make sure that the number of bottles is as small as possible in order to taste the evolution of a wine in the bottle it makes sense to buy not just one bottle but maybe three or a whole case the ability of wine to age also depends on the storage location but which are the perfect conditions there's limited scientific research on this topic but most people would agree that a cold humid and dark area is best this might also be the case because traditionally wine was made and stored in cellars and we might have just grown accustomed to this storage location for our wine the short-term storage environment is not so important for the quality of a wine unless it's extremely hot or extremely cold otherwise all wines that are being sold at supermarkets or in wine shops or that are being transported during winter or summer would be damaged wine is not fresh fish it's pretty stable and fairly resistant to outside influences in order to find the right location you should look for the temperature the impact of sunlight and the humidity in that location the temperature is the most important factor is the speed of chemical reactions and therefore the aging process increases the warmer the temperatures get in a cellar that is at five degrees celsius once will mature slower than in the cellar that is at 15 degrees celsius but a slower maturation is not necessarily a great advantage especially when considering that most wines are being consumed before their peak genesis robinson puts the ideal storage temperature at between 10 and 15 degrees celsius i would go a little bit higher i would say 12 to 17 degrees celsius as this falls also into the ideal serving temperature for most high quality white wines and most red wines more important than the exact temperature is the consistency of the temperature when the temperature fluctuates the volume of the wine decreases and increases pushing and pulling air in and out of the bottle if you want to know more about this topic check out this video i'll link it up somewhere up there and you find out what the aromatic impact of storage conditions actually are sunlight is another factor uv rays can start reactions in the bottle that causes the wine to produce off flavors this is why most wines are filled into colored glass bottles and while reutera puts their clear glass crystal bottle into this yellow foil the other important factor is humidity most people would say that the humidity should be at 75 percent in order to make sure that the corks don't dry out i don't really believe in that because the bottle is filled with a liquid the wine should keep the cork moist enough in order for it to stay intact and protected from oxygen but if you have too much humidity in a room your labels might get damaged and you might not be able to identify the wine or resell the bottle for your seller you should get one of those devices that track the temperature and the humidity of the seller 24 7. if you don't have a seller you can always get one of those wine cabinets they are pretty much perfect as well they keep the same storage conditions all year round they're just a little bit more expensive and you obviously need electricity so which ones should you have in your collection you obviously need some wines for your immediate consumption but what makes a great collection a great collection are the ones that are meant to be aged age-worthy ones usually have one or more of the following characteristics they are high in acidity have high levels of tendons high levels of residual sugar are for marginal climates were fermented or matured in oak vessels and they come from really high level producers so let's have a look at a few of them one wine style that has to be part of every collection and that is often overlooked as an age-worthy one is champagne or high-end sparkling wines sparkling wines can age for a long long time this is also because of the co2 that is bound in the wine itself and they can get creamier richer and more textured over time so definitely store some champagne and keep it for a while before popping the cork obviously one of the greatest white wines that is meant to be aged is riesling if you have one of those big magnum bottles the wine will age even more slowly but the wines from prim for example they can last for decades and i bought this bottle of kuvy fridge emil from trimbak at a restaurant sale and it came at a pretty good price and these wines last forever over here in europe this wine is not so famous but the hunter valley semior especially the tyra's vat one is amazing as an age-worthy wine those wines keep for a long time they are very fresh very vibrant low in alcohol and they last a long long time sweet ones are a safe bet even if you're not going for the most high-end most high-profile producers but if you're going for great so turn great sweet wines from germany or this a tokai from a top producer you would have a wine that is ready to be served at your funeral you won't be able to enjoy it though when it comes to age where the red wines bordeaux is the great classic no matter whether you're going for the left bank or a right bank producer like chateau clinic from pomerol those wines can age for decades and in some cases old bordeaux is actually cheaper than the more recent vintages which is a bit silly but it's also a great opportunity for you to stock up on some mature red wine burgundy might not always appear like it's a great wine for aging but it can age gracefully and the wines get really velvety rich and luscious but you should definitely go for the better producers producing wines from the great sides like this grand cru from claude de vujo can be just beautiful if you put it away in the cellar when they're young they sometimes a bit too grippy a bit too harsh but all that gets more mellow and round with time and the wines get really really complex and are just as beautiful as great burgundies for example so definitely stock up on some of this i'm a sura lover so i really enjoy drinking h surahs they get really wild and meaty over time like this 2001 koto tea which is by the way wrapped in cling film in order to protect the label from mold but i'm not going to resell this bottle i'm definitely going to drink it and i will enjoy it fortified wines offer great value for money this bottle of madeira will last a century probably and this is a small bottle of vintage port i sometimes can't manage to drink a whole bottle of port i'm sorry and for those cases i use those small bottles because they will serve two to four people depending on how thirsty you are and they are great value for money too so this is something you should definitely have in your collection so thank you for watching from me and my friends here i hope you enjoyed this video if you did then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which is the bottle of wine that is in your cellar and that you are really waiting to open please comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernhardlangers778: I don't have a collection as I'm just getting into wine and am growing an understanding, yet I bought a 1976 Richter Spätlese from the Mosel region. Will hopefully enjoy it this April when a friend returns from Africa.
  2. @reneparraga9000: Viña Tondonia 2011 & Aalto 2019
  3. @johnmichaeloconnor8810: High levels of residual sugar???
  4. @johnburns3703: I have some Brigaldara Amarone 95  that i got in about 98 that I look forward to  I also have some Tignanello 98 that I am just thinking about bringing up to Chambre for this weekend. Some Sasssicaia  from 2009 and 2010,  And a few others, some of which I have had previous bottles of that have been great after long cellaring. One was a 2002 Sassicaia that was cheap in Costco. - One was great but the other 2 had died. Also a bottle of Millenium Moet and Chandon that  has seen many different locations and orientations. The trouble is finding the right occasion and preparing the bottle as far in advance as is needed.
  5. @MartinLRichards: Thank you for your very informative YouTube channel which I'm really enjoying and from which I'm learning a lot. You mentioned about which wine your viewers were looking forward to try. I'm looking forward to having another bottle of 2008 Pontet Canet. I was underwhelmed a few years ago but had never tried this before but read good reviews so didn't know what to expect, but I much preferred a bottle of Leoville Barton from the same year. So interested to try again soon. Also keen to open a gift of 1997 La Mission having also been given a Haut Brion of the same year which I drank during Covid and considered the best wine I'd ever drunk!
  6. @thomasr9149: ‘’Wine appreciates in value over time’’ … this remark didn’t age too well 😅
  7. @daniellabuda7744: I got very fascinated with wine, considering I have a friend who is a young sommelier in life. Learning about the wine world and tasting different flavors is a hobby which fits my personality. 

I am curious to open these from my collection: 

100% Cabernet Franc from Antigal winery and estates, Mendoza Argentina 2020
Geometria Assyrtiko from Lafazanis Winery 
DOCG Manfredi Barbaresco 2020 
Chateau La Fleur du Mayne cuvee Pomerol 2016
  8. @Mark-qg8hm: Which is the best varietal of Turning Leaf that you should include in your cellar?
  9. @kristian5515: I am looking forward to drinking one of my Marroneto madonna delle grazie brunello di montalcino 2008, even if it might be a little too late. Thanks for another nice video.
  10. @roderikseubers109: i have clos du pape 2007 waiting.
what is the best year do you think 

2007 its the best year I have been told
  11. @LucasGruber1: I my cellar it’s definitely mouton Rothschild 1990.
  12. @PolyDave: Oh my. Sometimes an unlikely, special wine is discovered. Quite by chance. 'Catch 22' A 2017 red blend from Barossa. It has chocolate, and mint. Presents itself in the glass perfectly. And it's so ready to consume right now! Good to go on arrival.
  13. @yriafehtivan: It's okay to not drink a whole bottle of port! That's why it'll survive for weeks open.
  14. @ClémentBourguignon-e2y: A Corton Grand Cru 2018 from Château de Meursault !
  15. @ardema4329: Fantastic ideas thank you. 

I have a GRAND VIN' 1982
PELLATION MARGAUX CHATEAU MARCADE

I was thinking about selling it, recommendations how to do this?
  16. @TheCloudek: Seek God, only he can fill the internal voids and give us true happiness and peace. He loves you. God bless you all and your families.

Read, please:
2 Corinthians 5:17.
Romans 10:8-13.
  17. @AchillesMajor: I only got into wine because I was diagnosed with severe Celiac Disease in late 2014 - so beer was off the menu. But - thank Jeebus for Celiac bc wine is awesome. I now am a certified Somm & have a (likely) too large cellar (3,000+) but wines from almost every country & all wine types included. Some of the faves most looked forward to? 1985 La Chapelle, 1995 Chave Hermitage, 1965 TF Port, a 1904 Sherry, 2015 Chateau Margaux (last wine of Paul Pontallier) ...
  18. @davidboloten7879: Came across your channel last week and am thoroughly enjoying you videos.
I have 1 btl 1998 Haute Brion. My first (and only) 1st growth Bordeaux. Purchased on release for $350 CDN. Back then I thought this was crazy to shell out this much for a bottle of wine. Today this sells for over $2,000. CDN.Not that I plan on selling it. My wife's 65th birthday is approaching and I think it may be time to pop the cork.
  19. @javiveras: Waiting to  the right occasion to open a Solaia 2001....
  20. @nikifo13: I have a Barolo Riserva from Tenuta Pianpolvere from 2011, a Rioja Alta by Vina Ardanza from 2008 and last but not least a Chateau Pontet-Canet from 2004. Patiently waiting for an appropriate moment to enjoy them with some good meat... :)

- How to start a wine cellar with Rudy von Strasser: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends rudy von strasser here in my wine cellar and i'd like to take a moment to talk to you about aging wines and what a better place to do it first of all it's important to know that as soon as a wine is put into the bottle aging starts and that aging is a series of chemical reactions now in a cold cellar and the reason people keep sellers cool is because those reactions happen slower and in a more controlled situation in a warm environment like on your kitchen counter where it's 85 degrees in texas those changes are going to go a lot faster so if you'd like to age wine if you plan on aging wine it's important to have temperature control also you need to know that bottle size matters if you look at this six liter bottle it's going to age much slower than a magnum or a 750 or even a little 375. so if you have 375s at home drink them sooner than you would drink a bigger bottle i want to talk about what happens in aging and i've drawn a little graph that i want to show you and this graph on the x-axis has time and on the y-axis has concentration and the red line i drew is what i call fruit characteristics and in a white wine fruit characteristics maybe um like in a riesling or an esophageal blanc be melons and peaches and apricots aromas like that in a red wine it may be strawberries brambles those aromas start out very high when a wine is very young over time those aromas start to go away and as the wine gets 15 20 years old there won't be any fruit aromas left or very very subtle fruit aromas the blue line i drew i marked as aged characteristics those start out at zero when a wine is young and over time they'll start to increase and the important thing with this graph is that at any time you drink this wine it's going to have very different characteristics as a young wine it's going to be mainly fruit and very little age characteristics at four or five six years old it'll have some fruit and it'll have some age characteristics um you know in the 10-year period it might have a little bit of both but the fruit is starting to go away and at 15 20 30 years there's not going to be much fruit left and a lot of age and the reason that's important is because the biggest variable in aging is what do you like is the consumer's preferences people who have sellers and drink old wines all the time are used to the characteristics that you get with age and those characteristics in a white wine might be things like butterscotch almonds old apple core in a red wine they may be more like coffee olives tobacco cassis things like that and someone who likes old wines and likes age characteristics is going to like that and not like young wines they're not going to really be very interested in the fruit someone who's used to drinking fruity young wines their whole life if you give them this bottle of chateau of the feed rothschild um 30 35 years old this may get a 98 from robert parker it may be worth a thousand dollars but if you give someone who drinks young red wines their whole life they're not going to like it so the biggest variable of all is what do you like is the consumer preference and that's important to know now what i would suggest if you want to figure out what you like is there's two ways one is to try to find a vertical of wine a vertical would be the same winery the same wine maybe the same vineyard designation three or four or five years in a row or three or four or five different years so if you're able to buy the same wine but in different vintages buy four or five different vintages have your friends over maybe put them in a bag put them in labeled glasses and do a tasting and compare them and see which ones you like see if you like old see how they've changed over time the other way is to buy a case of wine and every year open a bottle and see how those are changing and whether you like them and when you like them when my wife rita and i were married we got a case of bordeaux as a wedding present and we opened a bottle every year on our anniversary and it allowed us to reflect on the development of the wine as well as the development of our marriage anyway i hope this helps a little bit with the mysteries of wine aging and wine is a lot of fun and and have fun experimenting

  Top Comments:
  1. @cgimovieman [5 likes]: Step 1:  Have money.

Step 2:  Have more money.
  2. @lavenderblue5730 [2 likes]: I really enjoyed this video. Thank you
  3. @losfont5674 [2 likes]: Great video and great advice..  That graph was excellent insight.  Thank you!
  4. @HouseOfFeck [2 likes]: Enjoyable! Well designed cellar, thankyou for share ❤
  5. @nicolamullings7993 [2 likes]: A few good  points there sir, thank you.
  6. @andrewmuir3302 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Happy New year!
  7. @Cresendiz [1 likes]: Great video ty
  8. @CaptJMK [1 likes]: Just had your Diamond vineyard Cab for Thanksgiving, wow!
  9. @Smiding: Thanks for the video! I started building my cellar 5 years ago and I struggle to age my wines sufficiently so I took up on someones tip to buy cellar defenders! For me it's really fun looking for the hidden gems in the wine industry that tastes super well made and are age worthy but not at the price of a known bottle. For me around  $30-50 is the sweet spot for a "cellar defender"
  10. @Mark-qg8hm: First you get a cellar. Then you put wine in it. And that's a bingo!
  11. @JamieW-o7b: My secret to a good wine cellar, is to buy more than you drink!
  12. @rzkptgrgfz: I made some tests and my conclusion is that the wine stops aging when you drink it. I drew some charts with crayons 🖍️ and wore an ugly shirt, but the result remained in the same.
  13. @keithrichards-io5db: Thankyou. -the graph made sense
  14. @CastellodiAmorosa: We love it, Rudy!!!
  15. @JuanDavidHenaoLemos: Be careful because I bought a promotion of 6 bottles for $43 dollars, but after a month I was surprised to find that they were charging me a monthly fee of $40 dollars, something I never approved of.
  16. @atvguy4559: https://youtu.be/dUmWMSSzbuw?si=KAJUwNiMzUc-ffXK
Meanwhile the wine collapsed
  17. @Jommybutler1234: No ones counter is 85 degrees in Texas.  We have air conditioning too

- Wine Storage: 5 MISTAKES to AVOID When Storing and Ageing Wine: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is agnes from nose sediment and today we're going to talk about five mistakes you should avoid when you're storing your wine not every wine is meant for aging and certainly majority of wines are made for immediate consumption with their bright and lively fruit yet there are some wines wine making regions appellations and even certain grape varieties that have shown great aging potential which means that they not only can hold for several years but also develop tertiary aromas adding towards complexity both on the nose and pellet if just like me you are a wine lover chances are great that you have at least several bottles of wine that you have bought to open later possibly after several years or even decade or more wines that are meant for aging will usually cost premium money so it is very important to know what mistakes to avoid when cellaring your wine you do not want to open a bottle of wine that you have stored for 5 or 10 years just to find out that it is spoiled or undrinkable so no matter what the reason you hold your wine collection and even if it's just a single bottle these are five mistakes you should avoid do not store your wines vertically this makes sense for all still wines under the natural cork especially if you do not have a specific place to hold your wines in storing wine horizontally helps to keep cork moist and therefore elastic sealing the wine and limiting the amount of oxygen that enters into the bottle if the bottle is stored vertically for a long period of time the cork might dry out and lose its properties this will lead to increased oxygen permeability and faster maturation of the wine do not store champagne or any other sparkling wine horizontally aha this one seems tricky the thing is the space between wine and cork known as ouyage is filled with co2 molecules and they keep the cork moist therefore there is no reason for champagne bottle to be stored horizontally because it actually even increases the risk for wine to be spoiled by cork taint or trichloroanesol [Music] do not store wines under the light or bright conditions especially if your wine is bottled in transparent glass i really don't think we talk about this enough because faulty wine damaged by light is more common than we actually think therefore do not store your wines next to a window and turn off that light in your wine fridge and storage units that are oftentimes equipped with bright light just to highlight the best bottles you have wine constantly being under lit conditions can quickly develop off aromas caused by oxidation and volatile sulfur compounds and while we're on the subject do not remove that colored foil from your sparkling wine bottles it is there to protect them do not store your wines at room temperature while opinions differ at what temperature exactly we should be aging our wines it is quite clear that temperatures above 15 degrees celsius might accelerate wine aging and as the temperature goes higher it might even imprint cooked flavors into wine and show increased oxidation if you do not have a specific cooling cabinet or wine fridge it makes sense to store your wine lower to the ground rather than up in the shelves because the warm air tends to go up this is if you do not have floor heating do not store your wines for too long i don't buy my wine for investment 90 of my wine collection is bought directly from winemaker and most of these wines have great story behind them therefore i plan to enjoy these wines at some point i have been emotionally attached to some of the very special or expensive bottles of wine for way too long and when i finally did open them they were past their prime and winemakers do make their wine to be enjoyed to be opened up and drunk and bring laughter and joy into our faces wine past its prime might not do that so i invite you all to not hold back that special bottle of wine for too long so here you go these are five mistakes you should avoid when you're storing and aging your wine if however you open bottle of wine and it seems off and you do not know why is that you should watch my other video on six most common wine falls [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: just freeze your wine and it will last !
  2. @B.H90 [1 likes]: ChatGPT told me to store champagne horizontally...😂😂😂
  3. @DrDoom-ig9io [1 likes]: So I just got some etched Friday the 13th bottles and was wondering how to store them, click this video and immediately see the Hockey Mask in the background! 😂
  4. @ihsrosary [1 likes]: The advice on storing sparkling wine vertically seems a bit confusing.  Many brands of champagne I've bought by the case have the bottles stored horizontally.  Your logic seems to make sense... but then why do champagne houses do the opposite?
  5. @christinabecerra5440 [1 likes]: should champagne and sparkling wine be stored in the fridge?
  6. @KeepItSimpleStupidMX [1 likes]: how do restaurants serve wine by cup? everytime they open it gets lots of oxygen
  7. @myrahouse2368 [1 likes]: Oops I’ve got loads of red been there years 😫flippin heck I stored wrong too.

Luckily mine are in the dark.

I’m considering making a small wine cellar under my stairs…

Looks like I need to Chuck my bottles now.
  8. @parkourguyyy [1 likes]: I didnt intentionally buy it for ageing, but Ive had a bottle of Zonin merlot sitting on a shelf for 10 years now that I got during my time in germany. been looking forward to trying it out, but I kept it vertical and at room temperature for the entire time... I'm gonna try it out, but hoping it doesnt come out rancid!
  9. @FatBoySlim696 [1 likes]: Music is way over the top
  10. @TonyS-cm9xk [1 likes]: Very Nice!
  11. @Blair338RUM [1 likes]: Store mine at 12C
  12. @JuanGarcia-nr9ps [1 likes]: How long it's to long?
  13. @mattmartinez7 [1 likes]: First time watcher. What can you tell me about that bottle on the right thats behind you?
  14. @Mark-qg8hm: How long should I expect to store my Seven Deadly Zins for it to achieve it's peak?
  15. @gontsekganyago4079: 1:07 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  16. @SergeantExtreme: Keep in mind this only applies to wine using stoppers made from natural cork. Wineries that use synthetic cork stoppers don't suffer from the same negatives, and can survive poor storage much better than wine that uses natural cork.
  17. @apistosig4173: having cellared wines for decades, that is to say I have been doing this many years, I tend not to keep these (Australian wines) longer than a decade. The reason being less than "ideal" storage conditions. Most wines I have will last the distance but some (a few) are past their prime at 7 years. These are primarily Shiraz and Cabernet Sauvignon or the odd Reisling.
  18. @VITAS874: Sorry YouTube i not drink. Its your fetish.
  19. @daysofcarnivore: Video starts at 1:24 you're welcome
  20. @rockwithyou2006: nonsense. they made such a huge business out of wine. unbelievable.

- How to Approve Wine at a Restaurant - Wine Simplified: Kind: captions Language: en when we've ordered and approved a bottle of wine in a restaurant the server is going to pour us a small sample just to get us started and the reason he's doing this is to let me taste the wine to make sure that the cork in the top hasn't damaged the wine hasn't given it any flaws at this stage we give the wine a quick swirl so that it can release its Aromas and all I need to do is smell it if it smells like wine if it smells a peeling if it smells like you want to drink it it's in good shape and you can go ahead and approve it if it smells like a mil dude basement then there's a problem and you might need to send it back

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrielzarzuela7735 [85 likes]: Damn. That pour was not a taste pour
  2. @montyhades [25 likes]: yes totally agree!!! although most of my clients and I would say 99% of them, they always taste it.
  3. @richardseder46 [19 likes]: One should also check the label to assure the correct year and name. For example, if you order a “Select” or “Reserve” wine which would be more expensive. You would not want to pay more for the normal bottle.
  4. @eliotapples2139 [17 likes]: They will pour less usually, and in my experience you typically taste the wine as well, not just smell it! If you're going to drop 50+ dollars on a bottle of something you absolutely should give it a taste before committing to that bottle, especially because one bottle between two people will last all dinner and kind of sets the vibe for the meal.
I am a server and i am working in nice restaurants in America, I'd love to  hear if peopje do it differently in other countries or if anyone thinks im crazy
  5. @HyunRalphJeong [12 likes]: After tasting it, is it okay to send it back if I simply don't like the taste of it? even though the wine may be in perfectly good shape?
  6. @chairmanmeow3693 [5 likes]: Marnie I approve of you!!
  7. @skip6485 [4 likes]: Life hack: Drink what they pour for you, counts as a free sample if you order by the glass :p
  8. @everblu [2 likes]: Wait we shouldn’t taste it?? .. Clearly not from the video but Im surprized! Lol
  9. @ezeee595 [1 likes]: You don’t need to smell the wine to figure out if it’s corked or not. The stench will be pretty obvious.
  10. @brianlawson1916: So, when approving a bottle you don't taste?
  11. @skylarkelvinnattayakwon7121: if it smells like a serial killer's basement now that's a problem.
  12. @WierdSparrow: I wonder the name of that wine. That was the one my grandfather really loved to drink
  13. @AllDesign4U: "I approve this wine that you have bestowed upon me..." Honestly I don't know what to say to apporove a wine
  14. @cptseagull: And you don’t need to smell or taste screw top wines generally!
  15. @kinocchio: should you take a sip or just smell?
  16. @MF-nq9tk: And if it’s a white wine, check that it’s cold. You can also check by looking at any changes to the glass once poured…
  17. @hellkitty98: i thought the customer was supposed to drink it 💀 oh well. i’d rather them taste it and know for sure than hate it after i’ve poured more of the bottle out.

- How Yellow Tail Wine Dominated! - A Case Study for Entrepreneurs: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody, Tom Ellsworth here and welcome to case studies with the Biz Doc. This week we're going to talk about Yellow Tail wine. You know, when you think about wine, you think about California, and maybe you think about France. And then people that know their wine really well may know other areas of the world like Spain and Italy and even Argentina that have some great wines. But the typical American and the typical person probably doesn't think about those. They just want to have a great bottle of wine from time to time with friends. And it was an Australian company called the Yellow Tail that brought their brand to the United States and blew the lid off the market. I'm going to show you a couple of things today when we talk about Yellow Tail. The first is, lesson one will be know your target customer. They did a great job of identifying the target, focusing on the target, and executing. The second thing is focus. Within anything you do, you're going to hear how they refused to step away from their plan and stayed focused on it and it became a hit, because they didn't panic and change anything. And lastly, with all types of marketing, be smart, but trust the numbers and trust the research, and let that be your friend as you move forward. So let's take a look at Yellow Tail. Well, Yellow Tail started in Australia as I said. There was a family, an Italian immigrant family in Australia, called the Casella family. And they owned a large vineyard and they were making bulk grapes and selling them to other people and marketing some wines of their own. And they were doing pretty well, and enjoyed time in Australia and had a really nice market presence and everything. And in 2001, that all changed, when a U.S. importer called W. Deutsch and Sons or the Deutsch family, I guess it was called. They were a half a billion dollar distributor in the United States, meaning they would look around the world for wines they thought that could be distributed and sold in the United States and think about a type of wine or a price point, bring all that together and then they would go out and distribute by selling it to wine stores and locations where you and I go and buy it. They had been doing their research and they said, you know, we've been successful with an entry level French wine that was right around the $20 mark, a variety of things they were doing to plan the market. And they said, you know, there is a space in the U.S. market for a $10 wine that could be an everyday wine, or just a friends and family hanging out on the weekend wine. Not like a birthday or anniversary fine wine for special occasions, but just a wine you could drink just about any time. They did the research on the U.S. market and they discovered the tastes of the U.S. consumer were very specific. They found that people if they were going to buy an inexpensive bottle of wine, they wanted it to have more of a strong fruit flavor. They didn't like certain dryness and other attributes, they really weren't interested in. They were just interested in something that was easy to buy, easy to understand, and more importantly, tasted really nice and was easy to drink. The Deutsch family's knowledge of wines and growers around the world led them to Australia. And they knew in Australia there were vineyards and types of grapes that produced the kind of fruit and the kind of wines that they were looking for for the American consumer. So they reached out to the Australian trade commission of all people, that's right, they called the government. And they said, we're looking to partner with an Australian vineyard so that we could kind of create a brand around a wine, bring it to the United States and we want it to be like this, like this, like this. Australia trade commission says, you know, it's our job to help kind of make these partnerships and we know of somebody. So they were directed to the Casella family. Remember I mentioned them. And they've been making wines for awhile. They got together with the Casella family and the Deutsch distributor from America, the Casellas, which were the Italian-Americans running an incredible vineyard in Australia, they got together and they made a partnership, a joint venture to bring a wine to the U.S. And the Casellas came up with the Yellow Tail brand, which the wallaby and all the coloring and everything you see here. They did the branding and marketing in line with what Deutsch had already been talking about the consumer. It was a great marriage that worked out very, very well. They did some very clever and innovative marketing, and they brought it to the United States. You know, one of the things they did in their marketing was very, I don't know if you want to call it luck, because it really wasn't luck. There's a lot of research that was involved. But it was really, they hit it out of the park on the first try. And that was, they had some specific things that they wanted to do by eliminating the complexity of buying wine. And eliminating kind of the snootiness and the foo-foo-ness of is that a good brand, is that a good brand. They wanted to make it very, very easy for people to understand. And so they put together what they called no jargon. So, no wine terminology, nothing complex. Just very simple, straight-forward stuff that a person coming to shop for it could easily understand and pick up a bottle of wine for friends and family and basic daily sipping. It was really, I thought, very, very clever. So clever, in fact, that in their first year, they really took off. The Deutsch family and all the distribution they were doing in the U.S., they had inroads with a lot of people, including a very large grocery chain, discount grocery chain, called Costco. And the Deutsch family cut a deal with Costco, which really led to the explosion of it. Well, I'm going to talk about two things now. First of all, I'm going to talk about what happened in terms of the volume, and then I'm going to get to the marketing a little bit. So, let's go look at some charts. Right here [bottom left] when they introduced the one in 2001, they did about 100,000 cases. Wine is measured in how many cases did you sell. But take a look at this. In a few short years, four and a half years to be, all of a sudden they're at eight million cases, and they, believe it or not, in 2006, I believe it was, they outsold all French wines in America. Outsold them. And this is one easy-drinking, well-marketed fantastically branded wine from Australia. So Italian immigrants, operating a vineyard in Australia, made a wine for the American market, with the Deutsch family. You know you're in a global market when you have all those names and nationalities coming together. Nonetheless, they blew the lid off of it and were very successful. The key to the success wasn't just the Deutsch's family being able to distribute it and get it into stores, because that was key. An experienced winery and an experienced distributor working together, they got a lot farther than any startup vineyard would, any startup winery, because one, they both had experience. But they also had a new product, trying to break in to a new lane. And they literally created new value. One of my favorite books, I love reading from time to time, and I re-read it, it's called Blue Ocean. It's a simple book about marketing strategy. You may have heard of it. If you haven't heard of it, go get yourself a copy and read through it, and I think you're really going to pick up some tips for your own marketing, regardless of the company you're So let's take a look at the Blue Ocean model and find out what the Deutsch distributors and the Casella winemakers did that had such a tremendous effect. First of all, the Blue Ocean strategy is based on one simple premise. Let's build a new value in a brand new blue ocean that nobody has sailed on. The opposite is a red ocean, where there's so many competitors, they're like sharks that are attacking each other, and it's a red ocean. And there's no fish, there's just predators attacking each other, and there's probably no profits left because everybody's discounting, trying to get customers. And there's probably not room for brand-new products. So a blue ocean is where you create new value and a new product to have a new success. And people say, well, wait a minute. Wine's been around for hundreds of years. How could this be new? Well, let's go take a look. They created a wine, basically, for the Coca Cola, Budweiser consumer. This wasn't a wine for super high-end people, who knew all their wines and knew all the terminology, and this wine's very dry, and this. . . . and this one's got, hmmm. . . too much tannins, and all these things that wine lovers would know. They built a great wine for the American consumer to enjoy with friends, family, whatever. And it's basically the Budweiser, Coca Cola of wines, but it's wine and it was a great product. The Blue Ocean framework suggests this. What can you do to raise the level of certain factors above what is currently in the industry now? What can you do to reduce certain things? What can you eliminate? And what can you create? Because if you're bring it all together, you might create a blue ocean where no one was sailing before. So let's take a look at what they did with Yellow Tail. First what did they reduce? Well, the first thing they reduced was wine complexity; all the jargon, and everything that went along with that. And oh, that's not a good vineyard, this is a good vineyard. Well, how do you know which vineyard's which? I'm just at Costco, trying to make a decision. They eliminated all that. So, one of the things that was nice, was all the terminology, all the stuff that went with, boom, they eliminated it. And they reduced the complexities of the understanding the consumer needed and they created, in the product, an easy to drink, fruity flavor that matched with the American palate and taste. And what they found is Americans like bold fruit flavors. And you know what's interesting? It also pointed them to something else. They found in their research that this is also why Starbucks had been popular with America, because it was a strong coffee flavor. And people getting a cup of coffee, doggone it, I want a cup of coffee that tastes like coffee. Well, that same attitude is, well, you know what, I want wine that tastes like fruit. Something that's fruity. Not fruit juice, but something that's got a really rich and good, bold flavor, but it has to be easy drinking. And also, create, you know a lot of fun and ease, when you're going out to buy it. So they did all that, and then they eliminated a lot of the other complexities. So basically what they did, they eliminated complexities, they created a wine that was easy to understand and easy to buy, and they created the new position in the market, a wine you could buy at Costco, identified by the label, what it's all about, and go enjoy a quality product, not cheap box wine that you might buy at 7-11, and I'm not picking on 7-11, I'm not picking on cheap box wine. There are people who enjoy that. This was different. This was really set to be a good quality wine And so with the Casellas and great grapes from Australia and great marketing and a distributor in the Deutsches that new what they were doing and getting the signature on a contract from Costco, they blew the lid off the market and suddenly, they were one of not just successful with Yellow Tail's new product, they were one of the leaders in the American wine market. That's what happened. You know, it's really interesting, when I think about this. I think the lessons come back. Number one, no your target customer. They knew who they were going at. This was going to be like a Budweiser, Coca-Cola of wine, but a quality wine product, not a cheap wine that gives you a headache. Second, focus is your friend. Once they focused on the consumer, they focused on finding the right grapes and the right vineyard, which led Deutsch to talk to the Australia trade commission, which led them to find the Casella family. And the marriage was made. And lastly, when it's time for marketing, you know, maybe they were trying, maybe they weren't, but they created a blue ocean for themselves, a new wine product that you didn't have to go to a wine store and buy, and go to a wine store and have to understand all this terminology and all these different, you know, do I have to go to school before I can go to a wine store and actually buy something? No, they made it so it's easy to buy at Costco and then when you bought it you say, hey, this is pretty good. This is a really great wine to sit here this afternoon and have just great wine. When it's time for an anniversary with your wife, but the champagne, buy the good stuff. But when you're just hanging out with your friends and have a glass of wine, go pick up a Yellow Tail. So, that last lesson I think is there was a little luck. And that the Deutsch family distributors and the Casellas found each other, kind of by accident, but at the end of it, I think we can see that between the two of them, this partnership was a success. So as you build your business, I think what you need to understand is, there may be a little luck, but more often than not, there's a lot of intentional nature to building your business, and staying focused on what it is you're doing, sticking with that, be smart about your marketing, and guess what? You may lead a market. So here we go. All right. If you like this, please come back Fridays and see these case studies and subscribe to Valuetainment, the best content on the Internet for entrepreneurs. Until then, I'm Tom Ellsworth and I hope I left you better than I found you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @garrettlangford [1 likes]: Finding a blue ocean in the wine market. Brilliant! 

Thank you incredible content!
  2. @ibarramanuel66 [1 likes]: Where are you!!!!!!!!! Miss you on fridays!!!!😭😭😭😭
  3. @VALUETAINMENT: The First LIVE Valuetainment Conference for Entrepreneurs is here. An event you won't want to miss hosted by Patrick Bet-David. For tickets and details visit: https://www.valuetainment.com
  4. @passiveagressive6365: Gotta say a huge fan of their Chardonnay
  5. @loradurling2358: I always like the yellowtail red wine Pinot noir
  6. @Astronautak47: Read The Strategy Book Called - Blue Occean It Explains it very well, Beautiful content keeping going
  7. @slicesofsib5572: I think of France, Spain, Italy, when I think of wine. I did not know USA did any wine. Probably because I am in EU.
  8. @vinosdelviento: I love how you make buying wine in a wine store seem difficult, saying that "do I have to go to school before I can go to a wine store and actually buy something?" but then you make suggestions of which wines people should buy and in which occasions! "When it's time for your anniversary buy the Champagne and buy the good stuff" What is the good stuff? Weren't you saying the "stuff" at Costco is the good stuff? My suggestion is you should buy wine in a wine store and feel relaxed doing it because the knowledgeable staff of the wine store DID GO TO SCHOOL to learn about wine so that they can help recommend a wine to you. A wine for any occasion, be it hanging out with friends or be it your anniversary. Nobody assists you in choosing a wine in Costco. Since Yellowtail was introduced into the US market, there are tons of affordable wines from Spain, from Chile and from Australia and Costco is very exhaustive in which wines make it into their stores and I would agree that good deals are to be had at Costco, but I have never had anyone recommend anything to me at Costco and if they did, I doubt that I would trust their opinion. I liked your video. Please understand that this is a constructive comment. Wine stores and all independent retail need our support in this RED OCEAN because companies like Costco, Amazon and Target don't play fairly and part of their company philosophy is to dump prices to destroy the competition. One other constructive comment, you have a lot of subscribers and views, why wear the Formula 1 shirts? Why not wear your own branded polo or shirt with your brand or website?
  9. @Thewinemaker2839: Awesome video about wine marketing strategy... ChateauxDeCrispin
  10. @nadinemebune4537: Wow wow wow 
Thank you so much
  11. @threellyai6893: http://www.threelly.com/  Get instant access to exotic insights in any video like Faces, Labels, Keywords, Sentiments, People, Emotions, Brands, Timeline Translation to 30+ Languages 
- in 3 Mins or Less!
  12. @shaqmaverick: You are my next Senpai 0_0. It wass a brilliant walkthrough that was elaborated in such a simplistic way that even peter griffin can understand. This will stay in my notes for me to practice and perfect my own execution in business.
  13. @companybroadcast2890: Don't Compete With Rivals, Make Them Irrelevant
  14. @omkardubey8654: Great book by Tom damn Ellsworth
  15. @michaelgilman2187: I like yellow tail. 😁
  16. @iRememberThatPlace: Tom E straight up killed this case study. Always learning from this dude. I will be buying a bottle of yellow tail next time I'm at the liquor store!
  17. @chathuragodage7883: Its simply a very good information...
  18. @fergspan: Do Guinness
  19. @CGoody564: Boxed wine isn't bad for what it is either.  Just sayin'
  20. @FunTime-ot4us: Take a drink every time he says wine.

- What is a Family Office and Why Does it Matter?  | Ron Diamond | TEDxDavenport: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it was a Sunday night in 1990 I was 24 years old I was living in New York I had a great job on Wall Street I was working in a firm called Drexel Burnham which at the time was the most profitable firm on Wall Street about 5:00 I'm watching the Chicago Bears game and I get a phone call and I'm watching with a couple friends and the phone rings so I pick up the phone games on loud in the background I couldn't hear anybody on the other line so I tell my friend turn turn turn the volume down on the other line it was my mom and she could barely talk and I knew something was wrong but I couldn't understand a word she was saying and then after about a minute I heard her say dad is dying my heart sank my dad was my hero and I knew nothing about what why he was perfectly healthy my dad developed prostate cancer and back in 1990 if you develop prostate cancer at that age it was very terminal at the exact same time that my dad developed prostate cancer that my first boss was the guy Nam Michael milin who was a Visionary financier working for Drexel Burnham he also developed prostate cancer so what did my dad do and what did Michael milin do what my dad did is what I would do and what most people would do you go get a second opinion a third opinion you go to the best actors in the world get the best opinions do everything you can and he did it and he lasted three and a half years and then he passed from prostate cancer Michael milin looked at this as a challenge and rather than just going to a bunch of the best doctors he said I want to solve this and what he did is he built this rather than giving $100 million to the American Cancer Society he built it like a venture capital firm so he spent $250,000 here 2 million here 3 million here and because of Michael milin most men if we live long enough will die with but not of prostate cancer he started this through something called his family office and it was the very first time I ever heard the term family office fast forward 30 years we go through once in a century pandemic Co we can't figure this out the entire world is shut down Bill Gates through his family office probably did more for the Cure of coid than the United States government so what is a family office and why does it really matter well a family office they a little background family offices the very first family office probably was the medich family and go you can go back a thousand years but in the United States basically go back to 1880 and Rockefeller and vanderbild built the first family offices but when you hear the term family offices today and it's a term many people have heard many people don't understand and very few people understand how to work with family offices but it will fundamentally change how many of the real world problems that we Face are cured and it's can also fundamentally change how businesses are financed and it makes a huge difference in order to have a family office the first one was in like I said was in 1880 was Rockefellers most of the family offices were started in the year since the year 2000 which is 68% of family offices today started since the year 2000 half of those started since the crash so this is a relatively new phenomenon but it's very fragmented very inefficient and very siloed I gave a speech I was chair at the disruptive technology Center for The Advisory board at Stanford University and I gave a speech to five family offices and I said said to each of them what is a family office and why did you create it and I had five completely different answers nobody was wrong nobody was right that's just kind of where we are in the evolution of family offices I would argue we're in the second inning most people have heard the term family office they don't really know what they do what they are a family office is very simple rather than running a company and selling product a comp a family has sold a business they've had a liquidity event typically in order for it to make economic sense to have a family office you need a minimum of $250 million the goal of the family office is severalfold one to grow the assets two to do estate planning wealth transfer philanthropy and grow the asset base and to pass the pass money Downstream with values which is much more important going forward family offices right now there's roughly 15,000 family offices throughout the world controlling $10 trillion now to put that in perspective there's roughly $6.5 trillion globally in the entire hedge fund Universe all the all the hedge funds but this is really what's impactful even more impactful during the next 20 years we are about to experience the largest transfer of wealth in the history of the world there's 84.4 trillion that's being transferred from the Baby Boomers to the next gen why does that matter the next gen looks at things I think through a little different lens sometimes than my generation or older Generations when I was younger and I bought a pair of jeans I didn't look at the back of the jeans to see where they were made who made them how they treated their employees I didn't have the internet I had we I the encyclopedia britanica my daughters they want to buy a purse they want to know who made it where it was made from how do they treat their employees what's their wages Etc and they can get that because they care and the Next Generation right now the new generation the next gen is very very concerned about things like climate things like income and equality things like poverty all the major issues this is why it's really really important we're leaving a tremendous amount of money but the hands that we're leaving it in in general most of these people feel a need to do something and give back I think that family offices from a philanthropic standpoint it's not a Panacea it's not going to solve all of the world's problems but many family offices like Michael milin or Bill Gates or several different ones they have a passion and they have a cause and they have the mean and they're going to run their philanthropy you can't run a philanthropy exactly like a business but you can run it more like a business and that is how many of these Phil that many of these real world problems are going to get solved I I think that family offices right now um from a philanthropic standpoint will make a massive difference but also from a business standpoint currently controlling $10 trillion with 84 trillion coming Downstream from the next to the Next Generation you're as the largest transfer of wealth in history we are going to see fundamentally The Way businesses are financed completely changed in the mid 80s when I started my career most of the companies there were a lot of privately held companies and some mostly publicly held companies the privately held companies in Industry started in the mid 80s private equity and exploded and it exploded because it was a better model than the publicly traded companies the publicly traded companies I used to run a hedge fund which meant if you run a company every 90 days you have to report to a guy like me or an analyst on Wall Street and let us know how you're doing it's a very difficult way to start to run a business private Equity made it was a better model 2% you're paying for covers the overhead 20% you're only making money if I only make money if you make money the model was better and private equity and Venture Capital exploded the problem is in general that many not all but many of the private Equity firms have bastardized the business and it's become an assets under management game because they're making 2% on all of the money that they raise and as a result of that there's an inherent conflict of interest and how they're compensated is they're compensated to sell companies every 3 5 years a family office has something called patient Capital patient Capital basically means that they don't have to sell anything when they can sell it whenever they want which is the way it should be well if you look at what how companies are financed today on Wall Street typically private Equity Firm a buys a company from a family they hold it for 3 to four years after four or five years they sell it because that's how their people are compensated they'll sell it to priv private Equity Firm 2 they'll hold it for 3 four 5 years sell it to private Equity Firm three and over a 20-year period you could see the company change hands four to five times so if you look at all the taxes and all the friction and the transaction costs and Mis and the disruption in companies that's a huge disruption versus a family office which is going to buy a company hold it for 20 years let it compound and then it that's a much better model I think right now Family offices as I said are very inefficient very fragmented very siloed but I think that's starting to change every major Bank every Law Firm every accounting firm is trying to tap into the family office Market that's where the money is and the Reason family offices matter so much is because there's going to be so much wealth concentrated in so few hands but a lot of the hands that it's going into really want to make an impact ful difference in lives it doesn't matter if it was milking with prostate cancer it doesn't matter if it's climate these are real world problems where we are today like I said I believe we're in the third inning of the in the evolution of family offices how I think this is going to play out is as private equity and Venture Capital disrupted the public markets in the mid 80s I believe that family offices are going to start and will ultimately disrupt the entire private equity and Venture Capital Universe they're not going to replace them but they will definitely disrupt them as a result of that the way companies are financed is going to change drastically and the reason that matters is because if you're a smart kid and you're at a good school and you want to get financed and you've got a great idea typically you want to event your Capital firm to get money well now you can go to a family office the problem with going to venture capital firm is you're one of 20 portfolio companies and of all those companies while they've backed you and that's terrific you've raised the money they can sell you whenever they want if you're backed by a family office they don't have to arbitrarily sell in three to four years they can hold it and be patient with it so they're going to make make better Partners but what family offices have to do is several things one we as a community have to come together as a family office Community there's a bunch of conferences out there a lot of the conferences out there are pay to play they it doesn't make sense in my opinion to go to to attend many of these conferences what we did at Stanford I put together a we started a family office initiative where we basically tried to put together a conference where people were just educating people that's it just trying to educate people on different markets and not trying to sell product we had 880 families from six continents on the call this was during Co we're in the process of setting this up with another major university that'll be announced in the next three months and what we're trying to do is to get this family office Community which are siloed and inefficient and fragmented bring them together under an umbrella and solve some of the real world problems from a philanthropic standpoint but also be able to learn to invest together and do things together um right now I would argue that family offices people who set up family offices probably 80% of the family offices that exist shouldn't exist now the way they're structured but that's going to change it's going to become more efficient it's going to become less fragmented and it's going to become less siloed so from a perspective of what is a family office and why does it matter it's not a Panacea these really really rich people aren't going to solve all the world's problems but if you look at it through the lens of climate or through the lens of Parkinson's or through the lens of prostate cancer or poverty or whatever whatever your issue is in my opinion it's not going to necessarily come from the government probably not going to come from the corporate sector it's the family offices that are going to solve a lot of these problems so over the next 3 to 5 years you're going to hear the term family office over and over and over again and understand when you hear the term family office don't just think a really really rich guy who's made a lot of money they did maybe their parents did maybe their grandparents did but think about the generation that's going to inherit the money that's going to try to solve these real world problems family offices will help to solve a lot of issues that are mandatory to solve thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @natashadickson4819 [4 likes]: 5:00 The goal of the family office is growth of assets, estate planning, wealth transfer with values, and philanthropy.
  2. @nolickspittle4753 [4 likes]: What a load of nonsense the next generation don't see then need to give back any more than the previous or current generations. They are just as entitled as those they accuse of entitlement and and once they get the money their fake mantras will stop. Why not laud those who have already given. You don't need to be rich to give, whatever you have relative to yourself is philanthropy!
  3. @c2buff [2 likes]: Who's here after Dame dash interview?
  4. @natashadickson4819 [2 likes]: 2:55 An innoculation, not a cure. There's a difference.
  5. @willtraylor3821 [2 likes]: For this guy to state the model of private equity is better than the public stock market (even with the cons he stated) and try to corruptly characterize this as an ethical argument tells you all you need to know about this sleaze.  Warren Buffett would get nauseous just listening to this drivel.
  6. @ishathorpe3039 [1 likes]: Great video, but the speaker didn't really explain what a family office was. Instead, he talked about how they compare to bigger corporate firms.
  7. @Yourfavoritefixers [1 likes]: Gates tries more than some others do ❤
  8. @natashadickson4819 [1 likes]: 4:21 Former Chair of the Distruptive Technology Center for the advisory board of Stanford University.
  9. @peterhickey9485 [1 likes]: Ron, this was excellent. Looking forward to speaking again. Thank you for sharing your insights.
  10. @theeverydailyshow [1 likes]: Get to the point sooner!
  11. @zshanpatel: white people can talk forever without actually saying anything
  12. @marcellinodadon1103: totally Not what i thought a family office was.
  13. @YJCVentures: Nicely explained with the storytelling.
  14. @tedrager2460: This guy is out of touch. Only super rich kids care about income equality.
  15. @randyc754: Bill Gates created w fauci COVID . BAD EXAMPLE!
  16. @PhilPerry254: Let me introduce you to Deep State, Ron.
  17. @Compatible-n7h: Totally disagree
  18. @PauloMzima: There's a shift coming..
  19. @kadekb5944: what is this talk about?
  20. @Sranda-m7r: If his father had gone to an acupuncturist most likely he would still be alive. Bad choices have bad consequences..

- Family Offices: How Billionaires Manage Money Without Banks: Kind: captions Language: en You know there are three stages in your relationship with money. Stage one, you worry about money because you don't have enough. Stage two, you stop worrying because you have more than enough. And stage three, you start to worry again because you have so much money it's becoming a problem and managing everything is a full-time job. This video is about the third scenario. Somewhere past the $100 million mark, you're no longer a wealthy person. You're more of an institution. Money is now referred to as capital. That's when the spreadsheets become staff. And in the world of the rich, the staff is called a family office. And this is how they operate. Welcome to Alux, the place where future billionaires come to get inspired. So any person with a basic financial understanding can manage a million dollars. You put some of it into a safe stock fund that grows over time, a bit into bonds that pay you some steady money, some into real estate, so you own a building or land, and keep a little cash in the bank for emergencies. You can essentially do everything from your phone and just live off the money it makes comfortably for the rest of your life. But what happens when you have a billion? Because look, okay, a bit of a billion still means literally hundreds of millions of dollars. At that level, you're earning millions in interest per month. You might own multiple businesses, properties in different countries, art collections, complex equity positions, and legacy obligations. Even your charity work becomes a logistical beast, requiring lawyers and accountants just to give money away. Wealth, when it reaches this scale, behaves more like a corporation than a bank account. Most people only deal with professionals like lawyers or investment managers a handful of times in their life, if ever. Maybe a lawyer for a will, a banker for a mortgage, or an adviser when retirement is near. But for the ultra wealthy, those needs are constant. Legal questions come up weekly. Big financial decisions happen daily. Managing assets, taxes, investments, and even reputations requires a full-time team. So instead of hiring people one by one for every problem, it's just easier to bring them all in house. You hire your own lawyer, your own banker, your own tax strategist, put them on a payroll, and make their full-time job managing your wealth. That's essentially what a family office is. If you are Batman, the family office is Alfred. And you know, these are the kinds of insights not everybody gets access to, but you'll get the inside scoop on all of this and more within the Alux app. It's not cheap because we've literally paid millions of dollars to the smartest people in the world. And you can get access to all of it for only $1.99 a year. Hundreds of thousands of CEOs, founders, creators, business owners, and anyone with the entrepreneurial grit to make something of themselves are just proof of how valuable this app is. So go to alux.app right now and download it. After you've got it on your phone, since you're a subscriber to our YouTube channel, scan this QR code on screen right now and you'll get 25% off the yearly plan as a thank you from us to you. But let's get back to today's discussion, shall we? Okay, so there are more family offices now than ever before, and they're managing trillions of dollars. The rise of tech billionaires and crypto millionaires created a new wave of first generation wealth and with it a need for customized infrastructure. Traditional banks weren't built for 29year-olds with $400 million practically overnight. That's where family offices came in, offering speed, discretion, and tailored control. As of 2023, estimates suggest there are over 12,000 family offices globally with more than 7,000 based in the US alone. That number has doubled in the last decade. According to research by UBS and Campton Wealth, the average family office manages around $1.2 billion in assets, but some like the Walton families or Bezos's oversee tens of billions. Now, collectively, family offices are estimated to control between 6 and 10 trillion in global wealth. And you know, a massive generational wealth transfer is underway. Over the next 20 years, more than $84 trillion will pass from baby boomers to Gen X and millennials. And that money needs managing. At that level, private banks and wealth managers just aren't enough anymore. You need a full team tailored to you, working only for you. This surge in demand has even created a family office arms race with ultra-wealthy individuals competing to hire the best talent, poaching lawyers, investment analysts, even PR experts from top firms to build up their own private teams. And because they handle everything in-house, family offices develop their own proprietary investment data and insights, giving them an edge over even elite hedge funds or traditional adviserss. So, why exactly are these family offices so fought after? Well, when you hit the $100 million plus mark, your financial life gets exponentially more complex. Not linearly. We're not talking about moving from one to two homes. We're talking about 30 plus legal entities across multiple countries, five plus asset classes like stocks, private equity, real estate, etc. three plus generations with inheritance plans, personal assets like yachts, jets, you name it, as well as staff from security assistants, pilots, the list goes on. Now, imagine trying to pay taxes in three different countries, track ROI across dozens of investment vehicles, plan for inheritance for three kids without them fighting, shielding your assets from lawsuits or divorces. I mean, it's a full-time job for multiple people. And according to Hampton Wealth's global family office report, the average family office employs about 14 full-time staff. And that's for millionaires, not even for billionaires. Now, compare that to Bezos Expeditions, Jeff Bezos's personal family office. It reportedly employs around 159 professionals from lawyers and analysts to philanthropic strategists and venture scouts. To put that into perspective, that's more advisers than most kings had running their entire courts. And their sole job is not to run a kingdom, but to manage one man's fortune. In 2019, Jeff Bezos finalized the most expensive divorce in modern history. His ex-wife, McKenzie Scott, walked away with 25% of the Amazon shares the couple jointly held, worth around $36 billion at the time. Now, most people saw the headlines about the size of the payout, right? But what went unnoticed was how clean and frictionless the entire financial transition appeared. There were no drawn out court battles, no messy disclosures, no massive tax events. And that's because the structure was already in place. The family office handled the transition behind the scenes. It coordinated asset transfers, updated trust structures, and managed risk exposure while keeping Bezos's long-term financial blueprint intact. The office, it didn't react to the divorce. It absorbed it. His control over Amazon remained stable. His wealth continued compounding, and most importantly, the legal and tax implications were minimized through pre-arranged strategies crafted years in advance. In high-profile divorces, brand value can definitely take a hit. But Bezos's public image and Amazon's market confidence barely even wobbled. And that's coordinated behindthecenes damage control executed by a family office with a crisis protocol. So after saying all of that, when should you consider a family office? Well, let's just say you sold your tech company. After taxes, you walk away with half a billion dollars. Congratulations, my friend. You are rich. But now the real work begins. First, your money lands in a private bank. Once you've got more than $1 million in investable assets, the system officially tags you as a high- netw worth individual, and that label upgrades your banking experience. No more call centers. You're now assigned a relationship manager, and you get access to private banking divisions. It's a VIP treatment. But in the wealth world, you're still at the entry level. Cross 30 million in assets and you become ultra high net worth. Now, along with the title, that sounds kind of like a Dragon Ball Z power level, you unlock access to more elite financial tools, hedge funds, private equity, and co-investment opportunities. Banks might even offer global family office services, pre-built teams that manage multiple wealthy clients. It's not a personal family office yet, but it's a preview of what's to come. But only once you pass the $100 million mark do you enter a different league. Now, some banks assign full-time white glove teams whose only job is to serve you. But by then, you might be asking a different kind of question altogether. Why am I still using the bank's people when I could just hire my own? The bank exists to make a profit. So, their advice will always carry some kind of bias. Your lawyer says you need an estate plan. Your accountant warns you about exposure to different tax jurisdictions. Your spouse wants to buy a vineyard in Italy. Each problem spawns five more. You're dealing with private bankers, fund managers, lawyers, and nobody's talking to each other. It's a bit chaotic, right? And that is when a family office becomes a viable option, a good choice. And this is how you set it up. So, you form a limited liability company and you name it after your favorite mountain. Naming it after a favorite mountain or childhood street might sound kind of poetic, but it also makes it pretty hard to Google. You base it in a place that offers favorable tax laws and privacy. Some go with Delaware in the US for its flexible corporate laws and anonymity. Others prefer Singapore, Switzerland, or Dubai. places known for financial privacy, tax efficiency, and investor-friendly regulation. And this becomes your family office. It's just the headquarters. The team might be remote. Then you start to hire. And usually the order is as follows. Money first, then safety, then growth, then logistics. Your first hire is almost always someone who used to manage wealth like yours, but for somebody else, usually a former private banker from a top institution. You offer them better pay and total control. They track every dollar, reduce exposure, and keep you from making expensive mistakes. They consolidate your balance sheet, cash, stocks, real estate, startup equity, art, crypto, yachts, all of it. This person becomes your chief financial officer. Next, the CFO brings in a lawyer, usually specialized in generational wealth. You want someone who eats up trust laws for breakfast. The kind who can set up multigenerational vehicles that survive lawsuits, divorces, or unexpected deaths. They draft your trust documents, create additional holding entities, and firewall your assets. Then comes the tax specialist, ideally a former IRS insider or someone who worked for the big four. They know the loopholes, the treaties, and the lines you shouldn't cross. They design a tax map that minimizes your burden without ever triggering the wrong kind of attention. At this point, your money is secured, but it's not growing. So, you bring in someone with deep access to private deals, hedge funds, and off-market real estate, a chief investment officer. This person will oversee all investments from private equity and hedge funds to real estate and venture capital. And lastly, you hire for logistics. You might need a family office manager, a philanthropy director, or a lifestyle concierge. In Silicon Valley, some family offices hire life coaches or mindfulness consultants for their clients children to help them grow up balanced in a world of access. The Gates family office has a dedicated philanthropy infrastructure. Every dollar gifted is a part of a long-term impact strategy. Some hire former diplomats to help with international travel or relocation planning. Others bring in art curators to manage collections worth millions. Private equity, hedge funds, offshore banking, trusts, they all orbit around one thing, the family office. This is the final control tower of generational wealth. These are the foundational financial systems the rich use to preserve and secure their wealth. The somewhat easy ones to understand. There are a lot more. Okay? Some create private insurance companies and they insure themselves through themselves and keep the unused premiums as profit. Some create think tanks to shape laws in their favor by blocking taxes and regulations. And maybe we'll talk about those later on. Until then, thanks for watching, my friend. We'll see you back here next time. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @londonsmoke1261 [9 likes]: Shout out Dame  Dash
  2. @WWBCMedia1 [7 likes]: Like if Dame Dash brought you here
  3. @ABUmaybeinfuture [3 likes]: I don’t make much money , but my friend’s father did. He would always recommends us to find and keep loyal people and always go for opportunities. So, I am thinking now the risk with family office is having somebody who is loyal and have seen massive amounts of money circulating. Otherwise, most people fall for baits and betray you.
  4. @charliecoscina [3 likes]: Me watching this with a net worth of 33usd, but I have the vision somehow
  5. @wickedwaynes [1 likes]: That's why you need the right circle.
  6. @AiFinly [1 likes]: They are doing it for decades!
  7. @snatrwanda9908 [1 likes]: 9:32 What if you buy that bank and you keep them as your advisor? Well they are behind profits but it's still your profits isn't that concern?
  8. @DonnyDon21 [1 likes]: Damn Dash has me here
  9. @peterrobinson1041: is a private family office the cut point between private familly offices and miltiple familly offices. is a joint family office jusified at a net worth of 50 milllin usd. the 50 mill is 40 mill investibpe assets and 10 million in non liquid million
  10. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  11. @JAXTWIN: L for the promos early on.
  12. @wouldyoumind1430: well, done .. just love 😊
  13. @ANGELICASANTANA357: ❤
  14. @subicjeff626: Me with $5.00 in the bank watching just in case I ever need this info. 😂
  15. @sergi0961: 👏
  16. @dionbrown8411: Dame Dash brought me here  💯
  17. @sparksmcgee6641: Most of the staff at offices is things like:
3 data entry clerks putting all the payments made and received into the right part of the QuickBooks accounts.
One guy to CEO all of the trailer parks after they went through a purchasing spree in the late 2000s
CEO of the entire office
CFO of the whole office.
3 lawyer one old very experienced on and 2 paper churner.
Some still have Receptionist but most don't anymore. That's why when you find one and call you just end up in a cold Vmail hell because you have no idea what extension anyone is at. 
Real estate property management if they started doing it in house long ago. Many properties won't be covered here though.
Development professionals to mentor the Executives of the companies they own or own part of.  Bought into all the franchise stores of McDonalds for all of the state of California? That team will need help.

That's the actual people in one of my clients office that I can think of off the top of my head. 

Oh The family members do NOT have offices at the family office. That is at their house, it's the whole point of owning a family office.
  18. @samj7681: Bessemer trust
  19. @JustinButterworth-r5l: This is wild.
  20. @lostfoundstudios: Dame was right

- Inside The Life Of A Billionaire Nanny: Kind: captions Language: en hi pedigree Latvian yogis made you very rich everything about j theory magpie heard people raising your children he finally the common problem well that Smyrna comes in the ass Body Shop 2 that word unintelligent the worlds Biryani for the well v is the we not routine Mary Poppins franchise that unique modifications to be Cambodian comics money Danny's make these questions and more will be answered in the video if the shrub elite name is Kim I an absolute fortune so let's get started the most important aspects of being and any more Mary is the manner sometimes there is of course look after the children under your care this includes cleaning, cooking and laundry for the kids they also provide active die speurder charge is in order to get the best field Montfoort him that you sports clubs green team museum of Johan I the voters I black white cabbage the no that is the walls primarily takes care of them they also take the children chair nursery school or other such places full-time and is off and expected work sixty-four hours a week and can be required to work longer has not the there also a number of expert tests and mit for starters they might be required to travel abroad white family for work for vacation and ever i would be a relaxing time for the nanny care van der khaak after all there is also the role of opinion housekeeper at the table looking after the children were expected to combine the tyrells keeper bags buying groceries running somewhere cleaning the health and more so if living and leave out name is the former is because an eclipse within the family home there is also the role of governance this is my teaching the shield gun is the primary role of the most important and responsibilities for nelly is choosing to become pictoright family pak him pak him in a professional and i stayed for its relationship hardship begin job just for high salary is like marrying for money it's the run reason and go as such just between many and family is bible otherwise you end up in choir such as in 2015 lime orange carey and nick cannon who should buy any simon at the costs for a bridges and impaired is exchange showen simon 100,000 dollars in damages and would be the oldtimers for many of you care i discretion is key this six pack tiffany's client live ruby ghost in the arrow after a winter friends or family sometimes they might be a success einen on disclosure to dress it easy for no not too much lonely and regularly forgot about for the client event arno motley cow biden and kipfile demands ladyship de rheingold for the client ronnie introduce what the role core allows you to see wonderful sites and be interesting people like that by prostitute so if you think about the common and i on the bright side there are a thousand require any form of qualifications with arrow number of scabs roof and help pyland who each other in role hi there to require wrigley or signing up with an agency first league in bilingual can be a big advantage and teaching the children and other language client icing for clients or has the family troubles across the global regularly according to the experts in order to be calm fluent in another language to be as much as 13 thousand dollars first aid training and cpu bodywork tractor special when it comes with a focus on children and infants cpa course is usually concepts 17 5 dollars per person fees driving licence is usually preferred white ryan's if you may be very in kidsrun which depending on the stay in costs between three to one thousand hours in the united states for more high-profile clients fee self defense training comfy big advantage and kees then i need to protect the children of pride disk and concepts those dollars per lesson a message the or driving in the dipendra would trainings student in the you can go to acknowledge in the usa so norland carnage the specialized center beast in the series you bhavan somerset provides students with the tools needed to bridge the world of child care i know lynde om that offers one course a bachelor's degree in real youth development and learning that last for river touch my jewels including food and nutrition communication children's behavior and well-being sewing and board absurdism students will be offered the chance to kernel a diploma which including 12 man probation er ina post carly the costs of the greens 14206 those three pence for two thousand two hundred dollars per here becomes the 3 here that mixing hi 5701 the nine pound rand sixteen 3500 dollars the maid dirty messes the June unicorns the cost x-pert there something thousand mount hear because if a few hundred dollars s sometimes costs material that you them so in case which photos with 116 found for future 2 not your dollars per extra language courses as well spanish 207 those pounds per hour of air show 7 those five dollars we lessons in mecca tone and language program the user speech science and symbols cost further won from george the power here of us dollars nolan graduates of one of the most sought-after nailys in the profession and such golly gee moved around agency for those bad achieve the degree programme the duty percentages job in a is a your salary renewal so for high-profile clients the call it also work closely with the grudge with a family director simon the story much opinion is kinguin operation is the pen of the location on the family extra greece and whether they were living or leave all those the living will have your salary concrete of the pores of el sol bill grant and other such cost for box nolan graduate with a working for the first time sign comb and the your salary on online 1500 level or for the of thousand dollars what is the death train the norland plots recon start of 20 2011 oh sorry of a thousand dollars full noorland take your ipad and give you experience can bring in want 100,000 count or one hundred and the nine thousand dollars to pair pre spiderman with high salary chance responsibilities as such sunny's want to become trap a game center for work for less casper here at the table the widgetts out of the put my working for daily for job listing in 2017 decline plus requesting in an italian greyhound thousand fetches at the table fish white also be provided the coast of international travel his family blythe 3 times who meanwhile for a mitchell in starship over in the us storing 2012 professional nanny his cousin mother thomas bruning in an aquarium a dog show 10,000 dollars per year she also got a christmas bonus a good starting point and the user 3000 dollar per month apartment new york city central park was nutrition together all the costs that soon mother time is estimated to be an coaster access to 15,000 dollars per here an easy way to find work as an opinion is the sign up with an agency for in order to get into agency sunita mythology the frame criteria k my idea what kind of box with publications the clean criminal wrapper round 3 years of experience in the ability to make a one-year investment into a family fx app this well gary what we the client in exchange price lists view earnings west side no is in the us car lease tt danny is typically the tree of life the pore dollars per hour at the table this danny's also received two weeks vacation ski holidays for cd's and the help ensure the starting point final per finish speaking at nanny's for a long time the other hand i nerdy for navel for mary poppins quiel trevor was a kynan cell in the film black disney pooh with royalties winden link rivers great the selder rights to geneva part of the box office income 100,000 dollars in 1916 win today there would be you angeli 6000 dollars thanks for joining if today will see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @daveellis5100 [1 likes]: Recorded horizontally:)
  2. @jamesbrowne2072 [1 likes]: Huge respect.  I couldn't do it. It'd be like a prison sentence for me.
  3. @lectora84: En cada País tienen su forma de mirar estás cosas.. que interesante reportaje. Saludos ✌🏽
  4. @Repent_and_believe_the_gospel: Thanks for the video!
  5. @AnnaPoli800: a question to the nannies: do you get a chance to do the things you like and have your life as a live in nanny?
  6. @FF-ub7bn: It seems that there is only one complexion option for nanny.
  7. @sarjfin: What is the point of having Children. If you cannot look after them.
  8. @sharonswift8668: Get a cook, cleaner, driver but raise you most prized possessions,,,,your child.
  9. @Rodrifuuu: "Should we invest in society to promote education and lift people up so that criminality is low and our children are safe? Hmmm... Nah, F the poor, battle nannies it is".
  10. @parentcoachaimedespaigne6478: I'm a professional nanny and work for hnw families. It is not easy but it is rewarding especially when the families are warm and treat you like part of the family. The children are always amazing and so comforting to work with. Yes it can be isolating but most nannies have friends oitside the job and don't mind being alone sometimes. We travel and meet lots of people too.
  11. @goodbarbenie5477: Pure Slavery, which leaves Nannies open to Sexual Abuse and Harressment. Allowing some one to become your Priority, while allowing yourself to become their Option...an unsettling concept...😮.
  12. @danieloblinger1199: It is not a billionaire nanny. It is a nanny of a billionaire.
  13. @ThisisstillMYROOM.: They shouldn’t be called “ Nannie’s , they should be called Mothers”.    Why have kids if you’re not there to raise them.   🤨🤨🤨
  14. @naturallyShaiShai: I can't afford to educate myself a y further, not even a basic certificate 😢
  15. @eternity68: 60hours a week !??  So never a day off? No thanks
  16. @AP-di8sy: I would never allow my daughter to be around billionaires, especially nowadays after Epstein came to light. These people are dangerous! Nobody with minimum empathy would stay a billionaire for too long.
  17. @СаулеАуесбаева-я2о: Cenin  aleminnin vetinenbef kotinen kotkalmapt goi cauap rtaicacìp ketkenshgatcn maskaramehi aitamdden magan getealmai kosinnen kannaksa eken balandsagnhp
  18. @RowenSosom: How can I apply?
  19. @tapiwapreciouschingoriyo6863: ❤
  20. @monikamichaelis-iw3to: That is not a billionare nanny. You mean she works for a billionare.

- How the World’s Wealthiest People Travel: Kind: captions Language: en There are roughly 295,450 people with at least $30 million. Such individuals, referred to as ultra-high net worth, represent about 0.0037% of the human population, yet they hold about a third, $35 trillion, of the world’s wealth. Therefore, it’s no wonder why a massive, global industry exists, fully centered on supporting the nomadic lifestyles of the world’s wealthiest 295 thousand. As with any socioeconomic class, ultra high net worth individuals are more likely to socialize with other ultra high net worth individuals, yet intriguingly, the number of people earning and spending similarly to you goes down as your income goes up. Therefore, once you get to the top of the income scale, the scarcity of people like you stretches your social networks out to a global scale. Through the years, this led to the creation of the informal but remarkably systematized so-called “Billionaire’s Social Calendar.” The year often starts on St Barts—the traditional New Year’s Eve spot for the wealthiest few—then February might include the Superbowl, and March skiing in Aspen or St Moritz. Spring starts with the Masters Golf Tournament in Augusta, Georgia, while May includes the Cannes Film Festival and the conveniently close Monaco Grand Prix. June’s highlight is the Henley Royal Rowing Regatta in England, July’s is Wimbledon, August’s is the Venice Film Festival, while September often includes a return to Monaco for its yacht show. October’s the Frieze London Art Fair, November might include a trip down under for the Melbourne Cup, and finally, the last major event of the year, before St Barts, of course, is Art Basel Miami Beach. These events are hardly about the events themselves—most wealthy attendees to Monaco’s grand prix hardly care about the racing and its yacht show is far more than a sales event for the vessels—but rather they serve as an exclusive space made available only to wealthy people who want to socialize with other wealthy people. While few go to all, and each adapts the calendar to their preferences, ultra-wealthy individuals have often expressed a feeling of obligation to join the circuit in order to maintain their social standing. Such pressure may have motivated Jeff Bezos, for example, to start his 2022 as he did— on a yacht off St Barts with his partner, Lauren Sanchez. Thanks to publicly-available aircraft transponder data, however, we’re able to see what he did with the rest of his January. Bezos’ pair of G650 jets are too large for St Barts’ short runway, so they waited on neighboring Saint Martin while the billionaire rang in the New Year. Then, on the 1st, N271DV took off for the seven-hour flight to Los Angeles to drop Sanchez off, while the other, N758PB, flew the next day to take Bezos directly home to Seattle. Over the next two weeks, both jets regularly shuttled up and down the west coast between Seattle and Burbank, presumably to take Bezos and Sanchez to visit each other. On January 13th, however, one of the jets flew from Burbank to Maui while the other flew from Seattle and stopped briefly at LAX before continuing on to Maui, presumably carrying Sanchez and Bezos respectively to the billionaire’s new $78 million vacation home on the island, then each jet returned to the mainland four days later. Bezos appeared to visit Sanchez again on the 23rd, then four days later flew directly to Washington DC—Bezos owns the biggest home in the District; the largest newspaper in the city; and his company, Amazon, is constructing its second headquarters across the river in Crystal City, Virginia—so he was likely there for business. But finally, Bezos finished out the month by flying back to Burbank, once again—and he did all of this while threading the needle between highlights on the Billionaire’s social calendar, as just 11 days later he flew down to LA for the Superbowl.&nbsp;&nbsp; Across January, Bezos’ lifestyle called for his G650s to fly 29,000 miles or 46,000 kilometers in total, which is roughly equivalent to flying between Seattle and Sydney four times. To fuel this extent of travel, his jets used about 24,838 gallons or 94,022 liters of fuel, which could otherwise be used to propel the largest passenger aircraft in the world, an A380, across the Atlantic from DC to London with 500 passengers aboard.&nbsp; But Bezos’ travel is indicative of the way that market analysts think ultra-luxury travel is heading. You see, two phenomena are crashing head on into each other to throw the industry into turmoil. First, more people are getting wealthy than ever, as money is becoming increasingly consolidated at the top, and second, merely wealthy people are traveling less frequently than in years past, but spending more than ever. Data indicate that prior to COVID, Americans spent an average of $4,871 on a trip to Greece, but now, it’s all the way up to $6,561. Airline executives have also jubilantly noted that first and business class revenue is remarkably strong, despite the continued weakness of the traditionally lucrative business-travel segment, mostly thanks to leisure travelers opting to pay the premium for more luxurious travel at a greater rate than ever. In New York City, the ultra-luxury hotel market is said to be booming, with all-time high prices and occupancy rates and new super-premium properties opening faster than ever. Summer 2022 saw the opening of the highly-anticipated Aman New York, with the cheapest room starting at $2,600 a night, but more regularly pricing in the three or four thousands. Five years ago, the Aman’s sister property—the Utah desert resort known as Amangiri—started at $1,400 a night, but these days, that’s doubled to $2,800 a night, and even with dynamic pricing charging a hefty premium for the most attractive dates, plenty of nights are regularly sold out, even many months in advance. And of course, for those lucky enough to get a booking at resorts like the Amangiri, they need a way to get there so it’s no wonder that 2021 saw an all-time record-high number of private jet flights—3.3 million globally. This tremendous growth was in large part enabled by the propagation of the on-demand charter business model. Companies like Wheels Up, NetJets, and XO have revolutionized the industry by simplifying one-off charters of private jets, which makes the means of travel far more achievable for the twice-a-year wealthy leisure traveler. These private jets are serviced by fixed-based-operators, which essentially act as private terminals-for-hire, and these are also observing record traffic, leading to more FBOs being developed, which is pushing up prices for airport real-estate and hangars to an all-time-high as well. So, as the industry has grown as large as ever, it’s simultaneously more expensive than ever and more frustrating than ever to get access to a private jet. Essentially, across the ultra-luxury travel segment, there’s a capacity crunch. More people than ever are willing to pay more for a night in a top hotel than most do for a month of rent; or more for a two-hour private flight than most pay for their cars. The pace of industry growth is outmatched by the growth in demand for the segment. The incredible consequence is that the super wealthy have pushed the ultra-wealthy out from their traditional stomping grounds. There simply are not publicly-available travel experiences expensive and exclusive enough for the wealthiest of the wealthiest anymore, so they’re essentially turning to private everything. Yachts fulfill this need well—they allow the ultra-rich to travel on their own terms, bringing the quality of accommodations they expect to wherever they want to go, largely regardless of outside demand. But where they want to go is still largely dictated by that Billionaire’s calendar, so each fall, as the temperatures in the Med drop and the final summer events finish up, a maritime migration begins. Some of the superyachts push off the dock with pared-down crews to begin the lengthy transatlantic passage under their own power, and while most yachts are capable of taking on most ocean crossings, it’s an expensive, impractical, and dangerous endeavor. That’s why these exist—yacht-carrying ships. These ships work year-round connecting the world’s yachting hotspots, but in the fall and spring, it’s all about the transatlantic migration. So, at the end of the Med season, a deluge of vessels descend on yachting hubs like Genoa, Italy and Palma de Mallorca, Spain to load up on one of these vessels—their owners paying up to $100 thousand for the convenience. Upon arrival in the Caribbean, their owners can once again access their yachts, providing convenient access to winter events like Art Basel Miami and New Year’s on St Barts.&nbsp; As with every other segment of the industry, however, the superyacht industry is growing faster than ever, meaning what was previously a refuge from the constraints of land is finding itself increasingly stuck out at sea. Take, for instance, a berth at the Yacht Club de Monaco. First and foremost, it’ll cost you. During the summer season, a night will cost the shortest vessels $275; but if you’d like to dock the same boat during the Monaco Grand Prix, the price skyrockets to over $16,500 a night. To get one of the few spots that can fit the largest 60 or 70 meter vessels, it’ll cost $73,000 a night, but even then, the clubhouse building blocks the view of the track, so to actually see the race, this fee includes access for two to the building itself.&nbsp; But cost is hardly the issue here. Rather, it’s club membership, which requires that you were first sponsored by a member then approved by the admissions committee. Once in, to secure a spot during the Med Season, berth reservations have to be booked months in advance. But for the only event that parallels the Grand Prix in exclusivity, the yacht show, just getting a berth is only half the battle. When showing your superyacht off to other attendees, the best spot to dock is here, across the way, so onlookers can take in the full profile of the vessel rather than just its rear. But getting these spots requires first that the yacht is too long to fit in a traditional spot, and that you, or your captain, has a strong relationship with the event directors—relationships that take years to form.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Navigating these busy waters is an expensive pain. Superyacht ownership in general is an expensive Yachts don't actually get someone from one place to the next efficiently at all—on the open ocean they’re generally unpleasantly bumpy rides—and yearly costs generally average around 10% of the boat’s value. Yet, across the board, no matter the length, sales only continue to rise. Anecdotally, the deals cut on the decks of these behemoth boats, and the valuable relationships curated at yacht club bars are said to make the investment worth it. As one new yacht owner told the New Yorker “one deal secured on board will pay it all back many times over.”So, increasingly, the yacht is now perceived as a necessary component of the Billionaire’s social calendar, meaning the same way the wealthiest few are feeling about private aviation and ultra-luxury hotels now extends to the yachting world as well. In response, the ultrawealthy are getting more creative. Over the past five years, just as overall sales and superyacht builds have risen, the number of superyachts over 40 meters being refitted has nearly doubled. More often than not, refitting means a visit to a boat yard for minor alterations. Sometimes, though, these refits are major, which reflects a growing trend: the rise of the expedition yacht. With traditional waters busier than ever and the experiential economy as big as ever, billionaires are rebuilding and buying superyachts capable of taking on more adventurous trips, be it sojourns into the Arctic or lengthy, remote prowls across the Pacific. At the extreme end of this trend is a former Soviet icebreaker now rebuilt as an equally tough and luxurious expedition yacht called Legend. On the other, experiential yachting firms have popped up that create World War II battle simulations in the Pacific for bored kids or set up temporary restaurants on sandbars in the middle of the Maldives.&nbsp; The trend toward exploration and expedition isn’t just a superyacht thing either. At the same time that increasingly numerous millionaires are pushing the ultra wealthy away from their old stops, the interest in and social value of unique experiences is pulling billionaires to services offering one-of-a-kind adventures—from up-close gorilla safaris in Rwanda, to luxurious overland treks to the south pole. These luxpeditions, as they’re called, are individually curated by companies like Brown and Hudson to push their guests through Bear Grylls-like experiences in frigid winter conditions before they escape to tents with heated floors and Michelin star-worthy food waiting on them. Their goal is that the trip, in their words, is seared into the participant’s memory. And if the extreme outdoors isn’t of interest, Brown and Hudson offer the opportunity to travel like James Bond, to live a few days like someone else entirely, or go off on a globe-trotting Grand Tour. For the ultra-wealthy, the options are really endless. As long as it’s legal, said one representative of a referral-only travel service, they’ll do anything for a client. Bespoke traveling for the billionaire class is booming, and as long as the traveler gets a good story out of the experience or the ability to brag about visiting the Salar Uyani salt desert in Bolivia or the most rural reaches of Sudan before any of their friends, they’ll keep paying well into the hundreds of thousands for it. But of course, the true top of the market is what we don’t know about yet. Increasingly, wealthy people are traveling to be seen—either in person or on social media. In response, ultra wealthy people are increasingly traveling to disappear—as reflected in the record sales of secluded $30, $40, and $50 million vacation homes in places like Hawaii, Colorado, and the Caribbean. We don’t have a great sense of the ins and outs of the most expensive travel experiences, because the secrecy is part of the premium itself. By the time we do, the top of the wealth pyramid will have moved onto something else—always staying one step ahead of the merely wealthy.&nbsp; If you want to learn more about the yachting world, and specifically how builders are managing to design ever larger and more luxurious yachts, I’d recommend checking out this episode of the show Ultimate Processes on Curiosity Stream. Tens of thousands of Wendover viewers are already subscribed to CuriosityStream, but for those of you who aren’t yet, the good news is that it’s actually a really good deal when signing up through our link, because that also gets you access to Nebula for free. Nebula is a streaming site founded by myself and a bunch of the other creators that Wendover viewers likely already watch, and as a creator owned and operated platform, it was designed from the ground up to be the best home to the stuff we make. For example, by losing the ad-supported model, we’re able to make videos on more niche subjects that we know would appeal to our core audience, but potentially not to the size of audience that would make it profitable on YouTube. We’re also able to make higher-budget stuff, called Nebula Originals—we at Wendover have made all these, each of which is some of our best stuff. You’d probably be blown away by the price if it was just for that, but it’s not, because the cheapest way to get access to Nebula, as I mentioned, is through CuriosityStream. When you all go to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover and sign up for any of their subscriptions, they’ll throw in a Nebula subscription completely for free. That means you get access to all of the exclusive stuff we’ve made at Wendover, Half as Interesting, and Jet Lag: The Game; plus all the exclusive stuff the 150 other Nebula creators have made; plus the entire, massive, top-quality CuriosityStream catalog of non-fiction shows and documentaries. To get all of this, for a year, all you have to do basically is not eat one cheeseburger—or at least one overpriced cheeseburger. That’s because when you head to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover the annual subscription to CuriosityStream is just $14.79 a year right now, and again, that includes a free subscription to Nebula, which helps support us and loads of other independent creators. So, click the button on-screen or head over to CuriosityStream.com/Wendover, and thanks in advance for your support.&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arcadelt12 [13 likes]: I never realized how boring it could be to be ultra rich...
  2. @DerrickBlackwell-q2h [4 likes]: epstein island too
  3. @RedStickNotary [3 likes]: Fine, rich folks, but don't lecture me about the carbon footprint of my little Honda.
  4. @buzzvuzz [2 likes]: with those expenses at needing a yacht for their yacht and the high demand premiums for docking fees, no wonder the poor fellows need  tax breaks here and there. It's hard being wealthy....
  5. @JohnSmith-li7xe [2 likes]: Way to gate keep on reality. Because more people are making money with super rich wants to run away
  6. @Fuego065 [2 likes]: Well, in hindsight, we now all know what they were doing in and around St Barthemely around the new year. Or at the very least what Elon Musk was planning via mails around this period. Guess it was a very opportune time to get advice from the great financier a few islands over.
  7. @criticalhit5041 [2 likes]: Bezoz have a money but he cannot choise his GF 😂
  8. @Duh-hq4tx [1 likes]: Missed Epstein island.
  9. @wasumyon [1 likes]: The all live around Epstein's Island a quarter of the year huh.
  10. @sethc4758 [1 likes]: 1:04 or the Yellowstone Club in Big Sky, Im sure Jackson Hole also see's it's fair share
  11. @sharymens8187 [1 likes]: how many superyachts are there in the world?
  12. @Hugh.Manatee: The billionaire class is a cancer for society. They get rich by paying their workers as little as possible and evading taxes through loopholes they pay politicians not to care about. Then paying pundits to pitch the middle class against the poor to keep everyone distracted from the real problem; the way we deal with wealth distribution. Communism was a terrible idea, but that doesn't mean we have to stop looking for a better alternative than capitalism.
  13. @somethingfunny9341: Where is epstein's island on the circuit?
  14. @Ivanfbi: As much as we might hate these wealthy individuals... thinking about how much of your anger is envy... 

Reality of the situation is, I would rather have these billionaires in a capitalist democracy than cast system of socialism, where "everyone is equal"
  15. @codelapiz: i keep saying that we need to find a way to make wealthy people spend their money in a productive way. invite the 1000 largest tax payers to different events thrueout the year. and give better seating the higher up on the list they are. give them a gold colored card that lets them drive in the bus lane and park in handicap spots. We need to give away some stuff that makes them feel like they are getting something unique that they cant get any other way that they can flex on their sligthly less wealthy peers with, or that they will feel inferior if they dont have. suddenly you would see theese people asking their top dollar accountants to find loopholes on how they can pay more taxes. The problem isnt that wealthy people have theese greedy material wishes that they need to skip out on taxes to afford. no its that paying taxes dosent give status, it dosent allow you to express yourself to your peers. rich people have the same need that everyone has to use money towards expressing oneself and one-upping peers. We need to find a way to let the super wealthy do this in a way that contributes to society.
  16. @Greshapa: This is absolutely disgusting.
  17. @SeanDonaldMitchell: After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl, you don’t see money the same way. It feels like you finally learned rules that were never meant to be taught.
  18. @KANAKAJA: Bezos married Sanchez. Partner? It's called a wife.
  19. @Ericdud444: no hockey mentioned in the tour, guess im not going
  20. @dwaynesbadchemicals: What if you’re a billionaire that isn’t interested in any of that crap?

- They Said She Was Just the Assistant—Now She Runs the Entire Company: Kind: captions Language: en The scent of polished mahogany and old money clung to the executive floor of Richardson Global. Victoria Richardson, VP of operations, Harvard MBA, and the silent architect behind 5 years of record-breaking growth stood in her corner office as her father's words echoed off the glass walls. Clean out your desk by noon. He didn't even flinch. dressed in a tailored navy suit and a Hermes tie Victoria had given him last Christmas. Her father looked more like a politician than a CEO. His voice carried the same patronizing calm he used when she was 12 and dared to suggest a new idea at the dinner table. The board agrees. You're not cut out for this. Behind him, the skyline loomed. Victoria's name was still on the frosted glass of the door. For now, he continued, the family legacy needs stronger hands. Michael will take over. Michael, of course, her older brother, the golden boy with a string of botched projects behind him and a talent for spin. The same Michael who nearly tanked the Tokyo division but somehow failed upward into yet another executive title. Victoria nodded, lips pressed into a calm smile. Understood. She turned back to her desk, sorting through the evidence of five years of sweat and sacrifice sustainability initiatives, tech integration plans, emerging market strategy proposals, all dismissed because they weren't how we've always done things. She carefully slid personal items into a box, a silver photo frame of her and her late grandmother, a ceramic tea mug, and her minimal decor. The real assets, the documents, the research, the intel were already locked away in her encrypted server. Her phone buzzed. Ellen illegal. Documents ready. Operation Phoenix green lit. Waiting on your call. Victoria typed only two words in reply. Proceed now. Across the room, her father hesitated, thrown off by her lack of resistance. He'd expected tears or some emotional plea. That's what they all expected from her. A daddy's girl who couldn't survive outside the protective umbrella of the family empire. He added, "The severance package is generous enough to start something small." She smiled. "That's thoughtful. I'll consider it." He had no idea. Phoenix Capital, the boutique consultancy she had launched 2 years ago, was now a ghost network of shell companies and investor pools that had been steadily acquiring Richardson Global Stock under Anonymous Holdings, she walked past him. "Good luck with the Anderson merger," she added casually, his head jerked up. How do you know about just a guess? She didn't mention the months she'd spent documenting Anderson's price fixing practices, offshore accounts, and backdoor deals enough to sink the entire deal in one leak to the SEC, or that she'd already met with Anderson's CEO last week. Her phone buzzed again. Asian markets closed, final batch secured, Europe opens in 3 hours. As she stepped into the elevator, she took one last look at the office her father thought he'd stripped away from her. What he didn't know was that she wasn't leaving empty-handed. She was burning the foundation and rising from it. The heavy doors of Richardson Global closed behind Victoria with a finality that felt less like exile and more like liberation. Outside, Manhattan pulsed as always, horns blared, people rushed, taxis surged, but Victoria walked with deliberate calm. She wasn't defeated. She was detonating a plan years in the making. Her assistant, Daria, waited by the car with a tablet in hand. "It's done," she asked. I searching Victoria's face. Victoria nodded. "He handed it to Michael." Daria didn't hide her contempt. The one who nearly cost the company $28 million in the Brazil expansion. Victoria smirked. "Exactly." They slid into the black SUV, privacy glass up. Inside the tablet flickered to life with a live dashboard of holdings, asset transfers, and legal updates. Phoenix Capitals web was active. Europe's board votes in 4 hours. Daria said all proxies are in position and the whistleblower file encrypted and scheduled to release to the SEC, Bloomberg, and the Financial Herald. The moment you hit confirm, Victoria tapped a glowing red button on the screen. Let's light the match. 3 years earlier, the first time her father dismissed her was over lunch at the Harvard club. She had just presented her plan for digital transformation and overhaul to bring Richardson Global into the AIdriven future. He'd laughed lightly, slicing into his stake, "Sweetheart, business isn't about tech fads. It's about legacy, family control." It was the first time the idea struck her. If legacy meant stagnation, maybe legacy needed new blood. Her blood dosso began operation Phoenix, her secret project, named after the mythical bird that burned and rose stronger. She started small, quietly registered Phoenix Capital under a friend's LLC, then began acquiring Richardson stock fractional at first through proxies, shell accounts, international fronts. She funneled her bonuses, investments, and inheritance into it. She kept her head down at Richardson, building value, avoiding attention, and all the while preparing to own the very empire that dismissed her. Present-day downtown Manhattan, Victoria entered the sleek, minimalist offices of Phoenix Capital, hidden. In plain sight, on the 47th floor of a Midtown tower. On paper, it was a boutique consultancy. In reality, it was a weapon. Pull up the Anderson file, she said. As she stepped into the war room, a wall-sized screen lit up with charts, leaked emails, and internal memos. One document showed Anderson's undisclosed liabilities in Eastern Europe. Another revealed a scandal involving environmental violations. Leak it in 30 minutes, Victoria instructed. Time it so it hits before the merger vote. The room buzzed into motion. Michael wouldn't know what hit him. Dot a T. Richardson globe. Bal McGee sat at the head of the executive table, grinning like a wolf in a new suit. Around him, board members buzzed about the Anderson merger. "It would be the biggest move in the company's history. "This merger cementss our dominance in Europe," he said, tapping a pen against the glossy conference table. "Someone's phone vibrated." "Then another, and another." "Brows furrowed, voices lowered." "Turn on Bloomberg," someone muttered. The large screen flicked to a breaking news alert. SEC launches investigation into Anderson International price fixing, environmental fraud, and tax evasion allegations emerge. Michael's face drained of color. Who the hell he started, but his voice was drowned by the rush of board members checking devices, whispering urgently, "Someone said it. We need to halt the vote." Another This could tank our stock. We're exposed. From the hallway, Harold Richardson stepped in pale and fuming. What did you do? Michael stammered. I I didn't know. Harold turned on his heel. Get your sister on the phone now. But Victoria didn't answer. She was already in a meeting with new partners, investors who had waited for this very moment. The public fallout begins today. She told them, "By next week, stock will be tumbling. By next month, we'll buy enough to take control." One of the investors of venture capitalists from Dubai raised an eyebrow and the board shaken. Victoria said, her tone crisp. They'll be looking for new leadership. You, he asked. She smiled faintly. Not yet. First, they need to see what happens when you back incompetence over vision. Late that night, Victoria sat on the rooftop garden of her penthouse, looking out over the city. The media storm was exploding. Twitter trends, breaking news, leaked documents, analysts calling it the fall of a Titan. She sipped her tea and opened her grandmother's old journal. Inside was a quote she'd highlighted as a girl. They tried to bury us. They didn't know we were seeds. Her phone buzzed again. Daria Richardson stock down 17% in 4 hours. Michael under internal review. Daria follow up. Your father just called three times. Victoria set the phone down. Let them squirm. She wasn't done rising yet. The next morning, Richardson Global was in freef fall. The lobby swarmed with reporters and photographers. Security struggled to contain the chaos as executives slipped past cameras with heads bowed and lips tight. Harold Richardson sat behind his massive mahogany desk. Staring at the three headlines spled played across his screen. Anderson implodes merger frozen amid SEC probe. Richardson Global stock plummets. Shareholders demand accountability. Whispers of sabotage inside the legacy empire he had built Richardson Global from a regional real estate firm into an international powerhouse. But now, as age crept into his bones and scandal tainted his name, he knew the board would demand blood, and only one name would satisfy them. Michael, the golden boy, the one he trusted with his throne. Harold picked up the phone. Find Victoria. I don't care what it takes. Meanwhile, Victoria was three blocks away, sitting across from an old L alli in a quiet upscale calf, Gwen Lassider, former head of compliance at Richardson, now Phoenix Capitals director of intelligence, sipped her espresso and slid a file across the table. Whistleblowers are coming out of the woodwork, Gwen said. Turns out Michael's been doctoring performance reports for years. You were right. Victoria opened the file, fabricated for Cass, inflated growth numbers, silenced auditors, all meticulously buried under Michael's charm and daddy's blind trust. This will gut their credibility, Gwen added. Good, Victoria said. Now we cut deeper. At Phoenix Capital headquarters, Daria was leading a private call with their growing alliance of stakeholders, hedge fund managers, former Richardson board members, and foreign investors. The Phoenix web was expanding. Victoria joined the call. Midstream, "Gentlemen, here's what happens next," she began, tone, measured and calm. "We begin a quiet, aggressive acquisition of Class A Richardson shares. We now control 14%. We need 7% more," an old school investor from Zoric spoke up. "They'll fight you. They already are," Victoria replied. But by the time they realize what's happening, I'll be sitting at the head of their table. And Michael, she smiled slightly. By the end of next week, he'll be begging for an exit package. At Richardson Global, Michael was unraveling. Board meetings became interrogations. Shareholders were furious. Emails leaked. Investors panicked. Internal investigations began. He stormed into Harold's office, red-faced and desperate. This is a hit job, he shouted. Someone's orchestrating this. Harold barely looked up. They don't orchestrate collapses like this from the outside unless someone inside gave them the material. Michael blinked. You think I gave it to them? I think you gave them the ammunition when you decided being clever mattered more than being honest. Harold snapped. Michael slammed his fists on the desk. This is Victoria, isn't it? That stopped Harold. Michael continued. Don't you see it? She's behind this. She's been planning it ever since you picked me. Harold stared silent for the first time. He wondered if his daughter, the one he dismissed, who never raised her voice, was capable of this level of strategy. And if so, maybe she was the one who should have been in charge all along. That evening, Victoria walked into the penthouse meeting room of Phoenix Capital where a single figure waited. Ellis Harlo, a venture magnet and the former Richardson board chairman. before being pushed out by Harold 5 years earlier. "Miss Richardson," Ellis said, standing to greet her with a rare smile. "It's time, isn't it?" "It is," she said. Ellis slid over a leather folder. "Here's the final 9%. Between us, your loyalists on the board and proxies. That puts you over 51." Victoria didn't hesitate. She signed. She now owned Richardson Global. Today's later emergency board meeting conference room was tense. Richardson executives sat in stiff silence. Michael fidgeted beside Harold. Empty chairs filled with proxy attendees whispered to one another. Harold looked around. What's the meaning of this emergency session? One of the board members stood. A motion has been raised to re-evaluate company leadership and ownership structure. Michael barked. What motion? This is insane. Another board member responded calmly. It's not. Phoenix Capital has acquired controlling shares effective immediately. The Richardson family no longer holds majority control. Harold blinked. That's impossible. I The door opened. Victoria stepped inside. All eyes turned. She walked slowly to the head of the table where Michael sat. He stood, eyes wide. You didn't flinch. Yes, me. You did all this? She looked at him with piercing calm. I did what you could never do, Michael. I built an empire while you posed in its ruins, she turned to the board. Effective immediately, I am assuming the role of interim CEO. A full restructuring plan is already in place. Financial stabilization begins today, Michael lunged. You can't just walk in here and you're fired, she said flatly. He froze. She nodded to security outside the door. Two guards stepped in. I suggest you take your belongings and leave quietly. Victoria said. Michael looked to his father for help. Harold stared at the table. Silent, security guided Michael out. Victoria turned to her father. "I offered you a seat at the future," she said. "You chose the past." Then she sat in the chair that once belonged to him. "The era of Phoenix had begun." The invitation arrived tucked inside a sleek black envelope with gold script. "Join us for a private dinner to honor the Blake family legacy." It read. The Blake Tower rooftop home turf of Blake and Co. Angela's former battlefield. The same rooftop where Marcus once toasted to Angela's so-called failures. The irony was delicious. Angela adjusted her minimalist black silk dress in the mirror. It was elegant, understated, just like the empire she had quietly built. Her pearl earrings, a gift from Elellanena, gave off a soft sheen under the light. There was no need to show off. Tonight's power wouldn't come from appearance. It would come from truth. 7:00 p.m. The rooftop was filled with board members, investors, socialites, and the ever watchful press. Angela entered last, heads turned. Her entrance was quiet but commanding. Marcus nearly dropped his champagne flute. "You're here?" he muttered, recovering. "Wasn't I invited?" Angela said smoothly, her voice of practice calm. He forced a smile. "Of course. I didn't think you'd come." Angela took a glass from a passing waiter. Why miss the tribute to your family legacy? Before Marcus could respond, a familiar face approached Robert Langley, founder of Langley Ventures and a significant investor in Blake and co-angela Blake. He beamed. We've been eager to finally meet the mind behind Nova Strategies. Marcus stiffened. Nova Strategies. Angela sipped her drink. Oh, right. I forgot to mention. I started a firm. Small thing, really. We only managed 3.2 to billion in assets. The crowd went quiet. The numbers echoed like a bell tower in the night. You started Nova, Marcus said, eyes narrowing. Angela turned to Robert. I thought Marcus already knew. He's been too busy making speeches about legacy to notice who's quietly rewriting it. Elellena, now standing by Angela's side, added, "Nova just acquired majority shares in Blake and Co. As of this morning, Angela didn't want to announce it until the right moment. The room gasped. Flashbulbs popped. Even the waiters paused midstep. You're lying. Marcus barked, his voice cracking. You don't have that kind of power. Angela handed him a folder. Board votes signed. Sealed. I have controlling interest. I don't need your approval anymore, Marcus. I own what you thought. I'd beg to be part of. He flipped through the pages, desperation turning his face red. This can't be. Oh, it can, Angela said. And you should thank me. I didn't take everything, just the seat you never gave me. A voice from the crowd spoke up. It was one of the board members, Mrs. Called. Well, so all those recent acquisitions, the stabilization of our China portfolio, that was you? Angela nodded. Nova advised those moves quietly, efficiently. Marcus stood frozen, humiliated in front of the same people he once dazzled. Angela continued, "You used to say I didn't have the backbone for business. Turns out I had something better clarity. I built Nova with people who believed in more than bloodlines and blazers. I built it from rejection." Elena smiled, stepping forward. "And I'd just like to announce that Marcus has tendered his resignation." The board accepted it 10 minutes ago. Marcus's face contorted. "You can't. Angela cut him off. You'll receive your severance. Generous, considering, but effective tomorrow. Your key card won't work. Silence, then applause. Started small from one investor, then two, then a wave. Not the polite clapping of obligation, but genuine respect. Angela turned to face them. This isn't revenge, it's reinvention. For too long, this company was run on ego. From now on, we build with purpose. A journalist called out, "Angela, how did it feel to watch your family underestimate you?" She paused. "I needed them to," she said. "Their doubt was my blueprint." The rooftop lights dimmed slightly as the skyline behind her glittered. Angela walked to the edge, glass in hand, and looked out over the city. She had come full circle. But this time, she wasn't begging for a seat. She had built the table. The headlines the next morning were merciless. Angela Blake takes control of Blake and Co. in shock power move. The sister they ignored is now the woman in charge from invisible to invincible. Angela Blake's rise to power. Angela skimmed them. On her phone as she sipped her coffee in her high-rise office, one far grander than the one Marcus once banished her from. The Nova headquarters buzzed around her. Elellena entered, tossing a glossy magazine onto Angela's desk. "You've officially entered the women to watch list," Angela smirked. took them long enough. The article showed a photo of her from the rooftop dinner, confident, her black dress blending into the night sky behind her. The image didn't just say power, it screamed it. Elena pulled up a chair. Marcus is in hiding. Rumor is he tried to offer his services to a rival firm. They declined. Said they don't hire men who lose to women publicly, Angela raised an eyebrow. Harsh fitting, Elena replied. Angela turned thoughtful. I'm not interested in watching him crash. I just wanted the narrative to change. It has. Elellena said, "You changed it." Over the next few weeks, Angela reshaped Blake and Co. from the inside out. She merged its best teams with Nova's eliminated bloated departments run by Marcus' old cronies and installed fresh leadership, diverse, strategic, forwardthinking. Within a month, stock prices soared. She launched a mentorship program for women in finance, funded a scholarship under her mother's name, and opened satellite offices in regions Marcus once called unprofitable. Those regions turned a profit in record time. But the most surreal moment came when Angela received an email from her father. Subject: dinner. She stared at it for a while, heart still but not cold. He'd said nothing for years. Not after the rooftop dinner. Not after the takeover. Not even after she made the front page of Forbes. And now, three words, Angela called. Elellena. Should I go? She asked. Do you want to? Elellena replied. Angela thought. Yes, but not for him. For me. They met at an old steakhouse downtown, one of her father's favorites. He looked smaller than she remembered. Older, less the Titan, more the tired man. You look just like your mother, he said, eyes soft. Angela sat across from him, calm but unreadable. You used to say I'd never be more than an assistant. I was wrong. The words hung heavy. She wasn't there for an apology, but hearing it mattered more than she expected. I saw what you did to Marcus. You didn't just take the company. You turned it into something better. I didn't do it to punish him, Angela said. I did it because the company deserved more than politics and posturing. He nodded slowly. Your mother would be proud. I was too blind to see it then. Angela leaned in slightly. You saw it. You just didn't want to admit a daughter could be sharper than the sons you favored. He looked down. I didn't come here to defend myself. I came to say thank you for saving the family name. Angela set her fork down gently. I didn't save it. I rebuilt it. And I won't let it become what it was. They didn't hug. There were no tears. But when they stood to leave, her father hesitated. May I call you sometime? he asked. "You can try," Angela said with a faint smile. That night, Angela stood alone on the Nova balcony overlooking the city. The wind played with her hair as traffic glowed below like rivers of fire. She wasn't chasing legacy anymore. She was one. Elellena joined her holding two glasses of wine. To the woman who was never invited to the table. Angela accepted the glass because she was too busy building her own. Ellena finished. They clinkedked glasses. Angela looked out into the future. No longer defined by what she wasn't, but by everything she had become. A visionary, a leader, and a symbol that quiet strength often writes the loudest history. Her story wasn't about revenge. It was about reclamation and she'd just begun.

- Simple Event Assistant Was Fired Over a Shattered 'Wine Sculpture'. But what they discovered...: Kind: captions Language: en Savannah Lee adjusted the strap of her modest black dress as she stepped into the glittering ballroom of the Avalon Hotel. The grand space was alive with chatter and clinking glasses, where patrons in silk gowns and tailored tuxedos floated from one gilded table to another. Towering crystal chandeliers cast sparkling light over the polished marble floors, more reminiscent of a palace than a venue for a charity gala. Savannah's worn shoes clicked softly against the floor as she moved quietly along the edges. Clipboard in hand, making note of minor details only she noticed. The sumier's timing, the flower arrangement's freshness, the subtle hum of the string quartet warming up. She was a small part of a grand event, a humble assistant ensuring everything flowed smoothly, careful not to draw attention. Her heart thumped in rhythm with the music, half proud to be here, and half painfully aware of the gulf between her plain attire and the sheen of luxury around her. The scent of expensive perfume mingled with fine cuisine. The air was alive with effortless wealth, a world far removed from Savannah's quiet apartment, and months of scrimping to hold this job. Then the delicate harmony shattered. An eruption of crashing glass came from the center stage. A towering sculpture made entirely of stacked wine glasses filled with rich red wine collapsed with a terrifying cascade. Wine splattered across a prominent guest's designer gown, the fabric staining irreparably. A dignified socialite snapped her head towards Savannah, eyes narrowing like a hawk. You, how could you be so careless? She hissed loudly, making her accusation sharp and unmistakable. Whispers rippled through the crowded room and judgmental eyes locked on Savannah. The event manager hurried over, voice cold and clipped. "I'm sorry, Savannah, but we have to let you go," he said, already signaling security. "Humiliated and stunned, Savannah felt the weight of false blame settle around her as she was gently but firmly led out, the crowd's disdain humming behind her. Her heart sank, but deep inside, she knew she had not caused the catastrophe. Back in her small, dimly lit apartment, Savannah Lee collapsed onto the worn armchair by the window, the hum of the city outside barely reaching her ears. The events of the evening replayed in her mind like an unforgiving loop, the shattering crash, the accusing glare, the murmurss, and then the cold announcement of her dismissal. She swallowed hard, attempting to steady the jittering in her hands. Hunger had fled hours ago, and dinner remained untouched on the small kitchen table, an untouched salad, and a rapidly cooling cup of tea. Sleep was a stranger, teasing her with brief, tension-filled nods before slipping away again. Her phone lay silent as she avoided messages from friends and colleagues, unwilling to hear condolences or pity disguised as empty words. The weight of injustice sat heavy in her chest, squeezing out any comfort. The luxury ballroom, so alive with elegance, had become a place where she was not only invisible, but a target for scorn. Her name carefully built over months through hard work and quiet diligence, now echoed with whispered doubts and accusations. Her mind wandered back to who she once was. The years before this low, before the crash of glasses and broken trust. She saw herself as the bright student in a faded campus library, head bent over textbooks, soaking in lessons with sharp clarity. Hospitality had been her passion, a path she walked with determination and hope. But life had other plans. When her mother fell ill, it was Savannah who rearranged her dreams, setting aside scholarship offers, and promising school years to become a caretaker. Her days became long stretches of hospital visits, caring hands, and whispered encouragements designed to protect her ailing parent from worrying. She recalled evenings spent balancing assignments with medications, the exhaustion folding her into bed before midnight, only to rise early and begin again. Money had always been scarce, with bills stacking like hurdles that seemed impossible to clear. Yet Savannah persevered, always smiling softly beneath her fatigue. Giving up had never been in her nature. When her mother passed, Savannah held a broken heart, but refused to fracture her own resolve. She took on multiple jobs, a waitress, spinning plates and smiles, a cleaner restoring order in upscale apartments, and finally the event assistant role that brought a flicker of pride. This job marked a step closer to reclaiming the life she'd imagined, a life where her efforts could shine, unshackled by past hardships. Here she had found a fragile foothold among the glittering facads of the elite, a place where maybe, just maybe, she could belong in her own quiet way. But tonight had undone everything. The job she'd fought so hard to earn was lost in an instant. Her clean record, untarnished by any mishap, was now smeared by an accusation she knew was false. The ease and grace she once carried felt out of reach, replaced by a hollow ache of betrayal. She stared out the window, night deepening the shadows around her, and clenched her fists. Could she find a way to rise again from this fall? It was hard to see through the fog of humiliation and doubt. Yet, nestled inside, beneath layers of pain, a flicker of determination glowed. She might be knocked down, but she was not finished. Tomorrow, she thought, will be different. Tomorrow, she would start to piece together why the wine sculpture crashed and how she could clear her name. For now, though, Savannah let exhaustion claim her, finally surrendering to the fragile promise of sleep. Days slipped by in a blur for Savannah Lee, each one punctuated by restless nights and quiet moments waited with doubt. Yet beneath the heaviness, a flicker of clarity began to form as fragmentaryary memories from the night of the gala surfaced with surprising sharpness. It was a brief exchange, just a glance, or perhaps a sidelong comment she had caught while adjusting a floral centerpiece, but something about it hadn't settled into place. She remembered distinctly a guest near the sculpture, a tall man with a kind of nervous energy that didn't fit the relaxed luxury surrounding him. He glanced repeatedly at the intricate wine glass tower and ran his hand along the table edge almost absent-mindedly. Then, moments before the crash, she recalled a brief tangle of voices. A woman nearby whispered hurriedly and cast a fertive glance around, anxiety etched across her face. Savannah's instincts told her this was no accident. With a shaky breath, Savannah reached for her phone and dialed the number of the event manager, Marcus Gillespie, hoping to revisit the incident. Marcus answered on the second ring, his voice clipped and maintaining the professional cool Savannah had come to expect during her short tenure under his supervision. "Marcus, it's Savannah," she began carefully. "I've been reviewing some footage online, and I think there's something about the sculpture incident that doesn't add up. Her voice was gentle but held a quiet urgency. There was someone near the sculpture right before it fell, acting oddly. I think it wasn't an accident. There was a pause on the other end, the faint rustle of papers before Marcus replied, "Savannah, I appreciate you wanting to help, but the matters been closed. The board has made its decision, and frankly, it's best we don't revisit it so soon. We're moving on. Her heart sank at the dismissal. "Please, just a quick look at the security cameras. I want to clear my name." "I'm sorry, but my hands are tied," Marcus said before ending the call. Feeling dismissed, but not deterred, Savannah resolved to take action herself. She thought carefully. She had helped with setup and knew the security desk was staffed overnight. If she could find someone understanding who could show her the footage, she might confirm her suspicions. Late one evening, under a veil of quiet determination, Savannah returned to the Avalon Hotel. The lobby was deserted except for a lone security guard named Tom, someone she'd exchanged brief, courteous words with during the event. During a previous conversation, Tom had mentioned he often reviewed footage out of his own curiosity, a small detour from his routine. She found him at the security checkpoint, a room filled with monitors that buzzed with soft light. "Tom, hi," she began hesitantly. "I know it's late, but I really need your help. There's been a mistake. The wine sculpture accident. Someone else caused it, not me. I can't prove it without the footage. Tom looked up, eyebrows knitting briefly, but after a moment nodded. All right, Savannah. Let's see what we can find. They scanned through the security feeds from the night of the gala, seconds at a time. Savannah's pulse quickened as the timeline edged closer to the incident. The cameras revealed the dance of guests and staff, elegant dresses brushing by, waiters balancing trays, smiles and laughter. Then there it was, a push from the shadows that went unnoticed. A woman with sharp eyes and expensive jewelry deliberately bumped a table near the sculpture. Her glance was hurried as if watching to see the fallout. Moments later, the glasses wobbled. One top heavy layer shifted and a cascade of wine and crystal erupted. Savannah's breath caught. The woman was the very socialite who had publicly accused her. The image was clear. The woman's subtle act of sabotage masked by a casual stroll and then outrage that shifted suspicion to someone innocent. Tom whistled low under his breath. That's not a slip. That's deliberate. Savannah nodded, her quiet resolve solidifying. This changes everything. I need to get this to the right people somehow. The hours that followed were a blur of calls and messages to contacts she barely knew. Tail spun with the delicacy of a diplomat asking for second chances. Most doors closed silently, unwilling to reopen controversy. But several friends from previous events offered words of encouragement, small embers of support in a cold atmosphere. She crafted a plan to use this new evidence carefully. She understood the precariousness of her position. A simple assistant challenging the unspoken codes of the elite meant risking further dismissal. Yet the truth was her only weapon. Days later, Savannah found her opportunity. Another charity gala was announced, this time for a prestigious arts foundation. She volunteered discreetly as a helper, blending into the background once again, but this time armed with undeniable proof and fiery determination. Behind the scenes, she quietly established connections, asking questions, listening to gossip, and confirming details with the subtlety required in a world where appearances mask deeper intentions. The socialite, unaware her actions were being quietly scrutinized, prepared to enjoy the event spotlight. As the evening progressed, Savannah's focus sharpened, she waited for the perfect moment to draw the curtain back on deception. knowing the stakes for her and for truth had never been higher. The night of the Arts Foundation gala arrived like a shimmering wave, its elegance gently crashing over the city skyline as guests arrived in sleek limousines, their laughter and polished conversations threading through the ornate corridors. Savannah Lee moved with quiet purpose behind the scenes, dressed simply but suitably in a black dress and low heels. her role as a volunteer assistant unnoticed amid the pomp and grandeur. This was her chance, the moment she'd risked everything for, to reclaim her name and reveal the truth that had been buried beneath whispers and blame. From early in the evening, Savannah had sharpened her presence in the wings, trading polite nods with security staff, catering attendants, and the events organizers. It was a delicate balance to remain unobtrusive while ensuring she had the connections needed when the moment arrived. The socialite who had accused Savannah at the previous gala was a guest here, expected to deliver a speech praising the foundation's generosity. She was draped in glittering gowns and pearls, her smile practiced and poised, an image of effortless charm that hid sharper undertones beneath. Savannah's heart quickened as the time for the speech approached. She had shared the video evidence, the security footage exposing the socialite sabotage with the gala's head organizer, Evelyn Pierce, a woman known for her fairness and discreet handling of delicate matters. Evelyn had promised to support Savannah when the opportunity presented itself. As the crowd gathered in the grand auditorium, the chatter rose to an expectant hum. The lights dimmed and Evelyn took the stage first, delivering a warm welcome and setting the tone for the evening. Savannah stood at the edge of the room, eyes fixed on the socialite, strolling confidently to the microphone, her poise a sharp contrast to Savannah's steady determination. Seconds into the speech, Evelyn gave a subtle nod, and suddenly the large projector screen behind the social light flickered to life. The gallery of faces turned toward the screen without warning. The video began. Crystal clear footage played. The sequence unraveling in slow motion, showing the socialite deliberately brushing against the table, her expression calculating as the wine glasses wobbled precariously. Close-ups revealed the faint smirk that crossed her lips before the glasses toppled in a dramatic cascade. Wine spilling like rubies onto the polished floor and guests attire. The room fell into a stunned silence as the undeniable truth unfolded in real time. A murmur rippled through the sea of elegant guests, eyebrows furrowed in disbelief and surprise. The socialite's confident smile faltered, her eyes darting toward the screen, then toward the crowd, searching for support that no longer existed. The atmosphere shifted palpably. The elegant facade fractured in an instant. Savannah felt a flutter of nerves, but also a fierce, quiet satisfaction. She had risked everything to stand here with the truth on her side. The socialite tried to salvage the moment, voice wavering as she attempted a denial. This is a mistake taken out of context. I But the murmuring crowd cut through her protests like a rising tide. Voices grew louder. Questions whispered and then spoken aloud, shaking the foundation of her carefully crafted image. Whispers of deceit, sabotage, and betrayal floated through the air, gathering momentum with each passing second. Evelyn took the microphone, her voice calm and resolute. Ladies and gentlemen, the footage you've seen reveals a serious breach in the ethics we uphold at our events. The individual responsible will face consequences in due course. Her gaze met Savannah's briefly, a meaningful exchange of respect. The socialite's composure cracked, panic flickering across her features as realization dawned that the guests support had crumbled. The shame that followed was swift and unrelenting. Savannah observed quietly as the crowd's tone shifted, judgment now directed firmly at the true culprit rather than the scapegoat. Several guests began to whisper assurances to Savannah, nodding in acknowledgement of her courage and clear vindication. The men and women who had once her with suspicion now regarded her with a mixture of respect and newfound admiration. The crowd's mood had flipped, the tide turning in a way that seemed almost surreal to Savannah. Security quietly approached the socialite, escorting her from the stage and the eyes of the elite. Her earlier arrogance replaced by a trembling urgency. Savannah watched as the woman was led away, the room's energy vibrating with the release of tension and the quiet satisfaction of justice served. The final moments of the evening carried a lighter air, music resuming with a softer melody. Savannah found herself approached by Evelyn, who smiled warmly and placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "You did what many wouldn't have the courage to attempt," she said. "This night is as much your victory as it is the foundations." Savannah nodded, emotions bubbling beneath her calm exterior, a mix of relief, pride, and the unmistakable sense that this was more than just clearing her name. It was reclaiming her voice in a world that had tried to silence it. Returning to the backstage corridor, Savannah felt eyes following her, not just with curiosity, but with genuine respect. The quiet assistant, the humble event helper, was no longer invisible. Instead, she stood tall, a woman who had faced humiliation and doubt, and found the strength to set the record straight. As she moved through the ornate halls, she caught glimpses of the guests she'd previously feared, some offering nods of approval, others smiling with newfound warmth. Savannah's chest tightened with gratitude and an unexpected sense of belonging. She paused briefly near the exit, taking a deep breath as the night's excitement settled around her. The air outside was cool, carrying the city's night sounds like a gentle reminder of a world both vast and full of possibilities. Savannah allowed herself a small smile, had held high, not because the journey was over, but because she had navigated its shadows with grace and unwavering resolve. Tonight, the silence that had once swallowed her voice finally broke, and it had echoed louder than any accusation ever could. The days following the gala unfolded with a shifting tide of consequences. The socialite, whose calculated sabotage had been caught in the unforgiving light of truth, faced swift and decisive action. The Arts Foundation's board convened promptly, uncomfortable, but resolute in their duty to uphold integrity. Public announcements declared her removal from the foundation's membership and invitations revoked from all affiliated events and organizations. Her name circulated briefly in social columns, but now tinged with scandal rather than praise. Invitations she once accepted with a smile were returned unopened, and whispers of her disgrace rippled through elite circles like sudden storm clouds. The veneer of glamour cracked for those who had once envied her effortless presence. Savannah Lee, by contrast, found herself stepping into a new light. The gala's head organizer, Evelyn Pierce, not only offered a formal public apology, but extended an unexpected and generous gesture, a promotion to assistant event coordinator, complete with a modest raise and the opportunity to shape future events rather than simply serve them. Evelyn's voice was steady and sincere as she conveyed the offer, acknowledging Savannah's professionalism, eyesight for detail, and the courage it took to stand against falsehood. You deserved better from the start. Evelyn said, "We want you with us, not in the shadows, but leading with us." For Savannah, it was more than a job offer, it was a restoration of dignity and trust. She weighed the gesture thoughtfully. Her independence was hard one, and while she appreciated the invitation, her days of silent compliance were over. Yet the path forward gleamed fuller now, lit by recognition and respect she had never dared to expect. The event manager, Marcus Gillespie, who had dismissed Savannah without a second thought, approached her at the Foundation headquarters with a cautious expression. His usual veneer of confidence was cracked by discomfort as he coughed and attempted to smooth over prior mistakes. Savannah," he began, voice hesitant. "I want to say, "I'm sorry for how things were handled. You were wronged." The sincerity in his tone felt unfamiliar, almost awkward. She listened without immediate response, eyes steady. "Thank you, Marcus. I appreciate that. But I've learned that respect isn't given lightly. It's earned by actions, not just words. Her words were calm, but firm, showing the inner strength that had been tempered by experience. Walking out of the office later that day, Savannah felt a quiet pride she hadn't known in years. The city outside shimmerred with evening lights, the hum of life around her softened by the steady beat of her own heart. She no longer walked unnoticed or underestimated. Her head held high, Savannah moved forward with clear purpose. She was not only cleared of blame, but united with allies who valued her integrity and skills. The silent, modest woman they had once judged had become a figure of respect. Welcomed not as an outsider, but as a vital part of a world she'd quietly worked to be part of all along. That night, as Savannah left the impressive building behind her, the crisp air was filled with distant laughter and music from celebrations still unfolding. She inhaled deeply, feeling the weight of past burdens lifting, replaced by the promise of a future shaped by her own determination. Her steps echoed confidently, each one a quiet defiance against the shadows of doubt she had once carried. At last, Savannah Lee was no longer invisible.

- This Wine Has a Name with a Story… Meet Theo Leo Wines ❤️: Kind: captions Language: en [music] So, where did Charles come up with the name Theo Leo for his incredible wine company? [music] >> Well, it ties into two superstars of conservation history in [music] the United States. >> Theodore Roosevelt and Aldo Leopold, those are the two gentlemen who uh Theo Leo was named after. So, of course, Teddy Roosevelt, you know, he's the big national parks guy and he did a ton more. or most people know about him, but there's a gentleman named Aldo Leopold, and he uh actually has a book that he wrote, actually published by his son after he passed away, but it's called a Sand County Almanac, and it's uh all of his memoirs from seeing the overh harvesting and overcattling of the United States and trying to make people aware of that. Um that book used to be very very well known. It's not as well known now, [music] but he's really considered one of the founding fathers of wildlife, not only for an outdoors perspective, but he's the father of ecology. uh having studied at Yale, he uh coined terms like conservation and wilderness and uh really is one of the original fathers of the entire movement [music] to be better stewards of our land and natural ecosystems. >> And there's another reason Charles [music] brought President Teddy Roosevelt with Leopold, >> his own parents. >> I grew up in the outdoors. Um my parents were not big fans of uh all the Xboxes and video games out there. here. They wanted us outside uh making mud pies and running around uh in the woods, you know, [music] you know, hurting our knee a little bit here and there, but that's about the worst thing that happened out there. You know, I learned a lot about myself and a lot about the world through nature. Um big hiker, camper, hunter, and fisher even. [music] Uh so that really kind of has put me in wildlife for the rest of my life. Really >> want more information on the [music] Leo Wine? Just go to their website, which is theoline.com. Now, there's a store locator on the site. Plus, you can order and have it directly delivered to your home while you become an annual member. >> Just [music] make sure you use the Jet Setter code to get yourself a deal. >> Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UndercoverJetsetter [1 likes]: Love food, wine & travel? We share easy itineraries, hidden gems, and where to eat and drinks around the world. 👉 Subscribe so you don’t miss the next trip!

- My Husband Got Wine Splashed by the Hotel's Assistant Manager! But It Led to Her Downfall, Sinc: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Lily Jones I'm 62 years old just a regular housewife who looks forward to evening walks with my retired husband what I'm about to tell you is about when we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary our silver anniversary it was quite the event and I think he want to hear about it back then I was working as a magazine editor and my husband Tom was in advertising we were both always busy often leading lives that barely intersected thankfully despite that our marriage stayed strong and her daughter Sally grew up to be a Straight Arrow kind of girl around that time Sally had just started her career and Tomy and I were getting to an age where we were mentoring the next generation at our jobs things were finally settling down we never really did typical family things like going going on vacations because of our hectic schedules but seizing this peaceful moment let's spend our 25th anniversary just relaxing as a family Tom suggested that's when it hit me this year was our 25th our silver anniversary I was thrilled at the thought alone but Sally got even more excited why I go on a trip let's flurge on a fancy hotel so we all took the day off and decided to stay at a hotel we chose a beautiful hotel known for its Ocean View pool and fantastic Seafood as per salah's request it was an ultra luxurious Hotel often featured on TV then came the big day The View was just and amazing as we had heard a stunning contrast of the ocean and Greenery right before our eyes I couldn't help it wow that's wonderful we all instinctively took out our phones to capture the moment it was that breathtaken the room we booked was one of the hotel's special ones known for its beautiful sunset views like a scene out of this world it's usually reserved for celebrities and politicians a real VIP experience it's so popular it's almost impossible to book we felt lucky to have gotten it our excitement was Sky High let's hurry up and go Sally more excited than us pulled us towards the front desk excuse me we have a reservation under the name Jones I said to the female staff at the counter yes Mrs Jones please give me a moment to check she replied searching for information in the reservation list oh I'm sorry but there seems to be a mistake you're Mrs Jones correct ye yes that's right I replied puzzled she looked back at the list confused I'm sorry but it seems like we don't have your reservation we are a reservation only Hotel what that can't be right we definitely made a reservation I was shocked raising my voice in The Quiet Elegance of the luxury hotel well we do have a reservation to Mrs Johnson today that must be a mistake in hearing our name we made a reservation I was sure of it because I had made a call myself and I clearly said Jones the date was correct too not convinced I even gave her our address in phone number asking her to check again please wait a moment she said with a brief and pleasant smile and disappeared into the back what's with that face it's creepy as I'm thinking this um what do you mean my daughter asks with a puzzled voice it must be some mistake I made a reservation properly it's okay I smile and so does my husband right everything will surely be fine he says reassuring her daughter with a smile after all this is a luxury hotel they must handle any mishaps with sincerity thank you for waiting please follow me said a woman who appears to be the assistant manager of the hotel standing before us I tease my daughter see I told you we had a reservation with a playful smile oh so it was just a misunderstanding I was worri there both my husband and daughters sigh in relief this is your room we tried to contain our excitement and high expectations as she opens the door huh something it's different from what we saw on TV my daughter is the first to speak up my husband also scratches his head indeed it's different from the room we saw in the photos and on TV I'm sure of it having eagerly looked through travel magazines countless times the interior is somewhat similar but the Furnishing seem old and dirty even from a distance the only view from the window is of trees and Rocky terrain blocking the light and making the room dark there's no seeing sight and obviously we can't see the advertise Sunset it's it seems like we've been given a room on the complete opposite side of what we reserved excuse me is this really a room I asked the room you reserve is exactly as booked was the reply she replies a bit too firmly making me feel uncomfortable I didn't mean to be rude but did I offend her somehow due to the season the view might be slightly less impressive than usual if this room does not met your expectations we can offer another available room as a special case her detached manner makes us exchange glances if the view outside a hotel is that beautiful wouldn't any room offer a stunning view or maybe if this is the standard for the best rooms the others might be the same her attitude is also concerning if we're being seen as Troublesome guests perhaps we should just cancel that thought crosses my mind my daughter Luke strong Tred probably thinking the same however my husband says we've come all this way and the view from the parking lot was so beautiful surely a different room will offer a better view he decides to continue our stay there's some logic to what he says thinking about when we can all get together next it's uncertain we don't want to miss this special anniversary after discussing it the three of us decide to first see the room and then make a decision the assistant manager who overheard our conversation says then I'll arrang it right away her attitude from earlier is gone replaced by a cheerful demeanor the staff is informed to prepare a room and we are instructed to wait on the lobby sofas until it's ready but no matter how long we wait there's no sign of being led to our room we only watch other guests check in I didn't read realize something unpleasant other guests are being escorted to sofas by staff carrying their luggage we've had no such assistance from the start is there a difference in treatment no it must just be busy but I'm not the only one with this doubts even my daughter who initially enjoying taking photos and videos inside a hotel isn't this taking too long are they really preparing a good room for us she seemed to be getting irritated indeed it's been 2 hours since they said they were preparing the next room my husband also says this is unusually long scratching his head I seem to be watching him scratch his head a lot today it's disheartening just then the assistant manager finally appears your room is ready she says without an apology for the to wait which irks me a bit honestly just waiting has exhausted us so feeling irritated is natural but the thought of finally relaxing in our room with an ocean view and pool brings Joy Living us with mixed feelings we follow the assistant manager to our room even the hallways we pass through are beautiful my troubled heart starts to come thinking if we can enjoy from here on it's all good good but then we're LED through a hallway with a kitchen visible something like the hotel's backyard H is this okay my daughter asked aloud sh I hush her I feel the same but we can't say anything without seeing the room but can there really be a nice room in such a place the uncertainty is too much this is the room we are told as we were led into a small room there's only a tiny window and a four-legged table in the room no chance of seeing the sea with three ofas in only one bed it's too cramped to sleep stunned we left by the assistant manager who doesn't even bother to explain your room please enjoy your stay she says with formal gestures before leaving is this some kind of nap room or something my daughter's common makes both my husband and I agree seeing the kitchen on our way it could only be a staff break room yuck there's a tissue on the floor my daughter exclaims sure enough a crumpled tissue lies between the bed and the wall after waiting for 2 hours they hadn't even cleaned the room this is a bit much it's too small for three of us to sleep and not worth the price let's go comply to the front desk my husband's words resonate with my daughter in me it's our much awaited wedding anniversary and our first family trip we don't want to compromise even a little bit it was a good thing we decided to see the room first considering cancellation we head to the front desk oh what seems to be the problem we run into the assistant manager coming out of the kitchen as soon as we leave the room we can't even sleep leave three people in that room we booked a special room with a Sunset View but this is unacceptable are you sure there are no other rooms available the assistant manager's face hardens at my husband's words what a dilemma we offered you the best available room we took time preparing it and I think the pricee is fair don't you what are you kidding me there is a tissue on the floor my daughter is the first to express her anger well what can I do the assistant manager sigh as if it's out of her hands so are you going to cancel and then asks it feels like her true colors are showing the difference in treatment we felt from the start and her high-handed attitude aren't just misunderstandings or because they're busy she's looked down on us from the beginning we don't need a luxury hotel like this we'll cancel please my daughter and husband nod in agreement then since we prepared two rooms for you the charge will be for both please settle it at the front desk we're dumbfounded by the assistant manager's words now accompanied by an unfamiliar smile you're charging for this room too I can't help but raise my voice of course we allocated staff and resources through prepare it and the deputy manager the first room reservation was over $4,000 due to a premium for a special day most of the other rooms I saw during booking were nearly $2,000 we only saw a room charging us for such a Shabby nap room is absurd this is unacceptable why did you even prepare in that dirty room my usually calm husband raises his voice the assistant manager glares at him then turns her back and walks into the kitchen is she ignoring us at that moment she returns with a wine bottle splashing the wine all over my husband's face Tom dad my daughter and I rushed to him he shocked I'm okay really but tries to reassure us you're perfect for a more common hotel next door can't even piay for your room here says the assistant manager an apologetic and arrogant my husband takes a deep breath to calm himself and tells her I understand your point however I'm not satisfied especially with this Behavior I won't pay now send a written request later we'll respond accordingly his composure is admirable but I am sitting I can't believe this is happening in a luxury hotel or rather is this the behavior of any decent person it's beyond a lack of common sense why should we pay for such treatment fighting back tears of frustration I exclaim we won't pay for such Injustice we'll make sure this hotel pays for this I leave the hotel with my disappointed daughter and husband the assistant manager and otters are shouting about the unpaid bill but I ignore them it's unjust most importantly I want to leave this place as soon as possible after all today is our wedding anniversary the car ride home is silent our excitement turned to disappointment Sally send me the photos you took today later huh sure but why they're not happy memories won't they just make you sad no they're fueling my fighting Spirit my daughter looked puzzled at my words hearing our conversation Lily gets sced when she's serious my husband says it's okay Mom has made up her mind just wait you'll see the answer in time back at work I immediately approach a colleague who works on a Weekly Magazine hey I've got some juicy info interested with online articles dominating in Weekly Magazine sales dwindling my colleague eagerly accepted my proposal ideally I'd like to write the article myself but my beat is a lifestyle magazine for housewives it's a different field so I let my colleague handle it a month later the information I provided turned into an article and the Weekly Magazine hit the STS actually since that a hotel incident I've been receiving frequent calls asking for payment for the room there are young people we can use to force the payment is that what you want threading messages like this were left on my voicemail but I ignore them now I'm grateful for those events they provided ample material for the article to take down the hotel and for consultations with consumer protection agencies famous luxury hotel frequented by celebrities the Dark Side of its management exposed that was the line of the long article in the Weekly Magazine our investigation revealed that several other victims had suffered similar experiences thankfully we were the only ones to endure the wine throwing incident of course the hotel hadn't always been this way up until that point it had been a great hotel that lived up to its reputation it used to be a reputable genuinely wonderful place until about a year ago when the founder died after the Founder's death his inexperienced young son became the wethy young owner and manager and his wife became the assistant manager they had no real training in their roles the Founder's wife mother-in-law tried to educate them but the son's wife wouldn't listen eventually she even harassed the staff who were fond of mother-in-law mother-in-law already elderly and struggling with health issues was heartbroken at her inability to properly train her daughter-in-law she hardly showed up for work anymore leaving the hotel operations to her daughter-in-law the assistant manager this marked the worst management transition with the new manager and his wife taking control since the change in management the hotel lost its previous thoughtfulness and Hospitality leading to a slew of complaints and plumet in online and magazine ratings initially the complaints were about things that could be fixed with awareness like lack of Elegance or rude interruptions but the clueless couple ignored customer and employee feedback and the business gradually deteriorated being a hotel that primarily catered to a small number of VIP guests there weren't many who openly Express dissatisfaction this suited a couple but it was disastrous for the hotel their ignorance of the basics of business was astounding in a disperate move to save the faltering business they resorted to Rooms spping they made VIP only rooms available to a few regular customers each month of course these bookings were always swap for other rooms with VIP still staying in original rooms they collected a regular room rates from the VIPs and also charged the regular customers for both the original room and the preparation of the nap room a shocking strategy it's disgraceful that such a renowned luxury hotel resorted to this but perhaps such a distasteful method was all that the ignorant second generation owner and his wife could come up with victims who suffered this mistreatment tried racing complaints on review sides and consulted consumer protection agencies but they were largely ignored due to lack of evidence and information mostos were too shocked by the unexpected situation to capture conclusive evidence ending up with incomplete videos or not at all in our case we were fortunate to have my daughter who instinctively captures photos on her mobile phone documenting various inconvenient truths from multiple angles even the assistant manager's threatening voicemail messages turned out to be valuable circumstantial evidence their attempt to extort money ended up leaving evidence against them such shallowness and now this week's magazine article my colleagues investigative reporting based on photos and information I provided caused a significant steer in various circles it was no longer possible to ignore it as lacking evidence or insufficient information armed with the article's details investigation results and voicemail data I approached the Consumer Protection Agency I had been waiting for this moment within a week of the Magazine's release government agencies started to take action celebrities who had used the hotel commented their treatment of gas were terrible and I'll never use them again this further tarnished the hotel reputation other magazines newspapers and TV channels pick up the story exposing the assistant manager selfishness in her student days and the wealthy young manager's extravagant Affairs the Consumer Protection Agency committed to a serious response and investigation agencies began their inquiries it was becoming a spectacle shortly after the Magazine's release I received the unexpected call from the hotel I prepared to record the call before answering yes this is Jones then how dare you publish such photos and lies in a magazine came a furious shout as expected it was the assistant manager the used tissue scatter around a room my husband drenched in wine the magazine had published various photos so they figured out we were the source of the information but she didn't seem to to realize I was involved with a magazine just as it is I replied calmly which seemed to infuriate her F we only asked for the legitimate payment you know about a full refund for same day cancellations but the room clearly didn't match the photos it was an equivalent room stop making baseless accusations the assistant manager is childish no wor Sen child response made me sigh what about the testimony and photos from the person who stayed in a special room who were supposed to be in that day this was information on Earth by my colleague who found and spoke directly to that person the assistant manager ran out of words huh whatever what does that matter she carelessly affirmed the fact unwittingly providing more evidence the true nature comes out she was giving us information I was starting to have a little fun so you're saying such things aren't surprising right whatever just do something about the magazine you haven't even paid for your room so don't cause any more trouble understood I'll take care of it look forward to it I might have sounded the kindest I ever have was my face radiant with happiness when asked to take care of it I had no choice but to comply I I immediately went to my colleague got some fresh info the editorial team was already planning a second installment and my new information made the following week's article even more Sensational Scandal breaks obtained audio of threatening assistant manager this article included a phone conversation as an audio data reference it also featured comparison images of the room we were shown and the actual nap room I passed the audio to a colleague in TV and it was prominently featured in a news program naturally they ruin her special wedding anniversary after the second article was released I contacted the hotel after a few rings Hotel how can I help you the assistant manager's voice trembled they had just undergone an inspection by the Consumer Protection Agency a few days ago moreover victims who had pre previously remained silent seemed to be preparing a class action lawsuit with an increasing number of condemnation against the crook Hotel online it was no wonder she sounded terrified did you read the article I took care of it was well written don't you think I decided to inform her of the reality what do you mean she asked back in a weak breathless voice I should have mentioned earlier I work for the Publishing House of the Weekly Magazine what you asked me to do something about it so I did that phone call you made added depth to our article what have you done because of Bottom Feeders like you I am she retaliated frantically seems she still had some energy oh and I'm recording this call too shall we make another article think carefully before you speak after a pause I heard her sniffling and snorting over the phone I get it I get it please retract the article it can't even go outside now because of it my friends are cutting ties with me maybe they were never really your friends well you lack consideration for others so this is an opportunity to learn empathy if only she had been more considerate this could have been avoided despite my repeated explanations then an article once published cannot be retracted She kept begging please I'm sorry do something about this article apologist won't retract the article nor will they change the fact that our anniversary was ruined have you received a lawsuit from the victims a trial is coming right time to reflect goodbye I was tired of dealing with her crying so I caught the call short my part in this was over my husband and daughter having witnessed everything were pleased the article help honors to it's good a family win months later as I had predicted the hotel truly collapsed the lawsuit was a landslide victory for the victims an expected outcome articles expose the manager's past escapades and a wealthy young manager and his wife the assistant manager Divorced with their faces known widely their real trials were just beginning I wouldn't want to be in their shoes but I wouldn't make such foolish mistakes a year later my daughter said having that as our anniversary memory is just too sad she planned another trip to celebrate our anniv chosing an even more luxurious Hotel than before she had been saving up little by little a delightful Surprise by the way that inferior Hotel the assistant manager scuffed at next door I visited it later for a feature when I visited for an interview later I discovered a surprising fact an all building but with wellmaintained Gardens blending into the scenery evoking Nostalgia exceptional attention to guests and delicious food and the manager a stunning Beauty our photographer was more focused on her than the scenery stunning views delicious food and a gorgeous manager a hotel overflowing with hospitality that was the headline of our feature the hotel having absorbed the VIP clientele of the new defunk hotel was now a popular destination my husband and I finally have free time our daughter got married and now we're planning a trip with her family too life is a journey no matter what happens I'll keep standing up resiliently traveling through this life so where to next

- His Assistant Splashed Wine on Me Before 300 Guests: “You’re Not Worthy of Him.”I Calmly Called My …: Kind: captions Language: en At the engagement banquet, my fiance's assistant splashed red wine on me in front of 300 guests. A country bumpkin like you is worthy of marrying Junyi. I declare this engagement canceled. I calmly wiped the wine stains from my face and made a phone call. Dad, did you hear that? Some say I'm not worthy. In the banquet hall of a five-star hotel, the crystal chandeliers sparkle brilliantly. Today is my engagement party with Song Junyi, attended by over 300 guests. All important clients and partners from both companies. I sit quietly in a corner wearing a simple white dress, playing with my phone. The engagement was entirely the idea of our parents. Song Junyi is a well-known architectural designer in Haicheng, and his Junyi Design has a great reputation in the industry. As for me, in his eyes, I'm just an ordinary employee at an investment company. We've known each other for 3 years and have been in a relationship for two, but the number of times we've actually gone on a date alone can be counted on one hand. Every time I ask him out, he always says he's busy with work later. I found out that every time he rejected me, he was with his assistant, Bai Manxue. Jiang Yao, why are you sitting here alone? Song Junyi walked over, wearing a perfect social smile on his face. He was wearing a well-tailored black suit today, looking mature and steady. Waiting for you. I looked up at him. Didn't you say you were going to introduce me to your friends? Oh, right. He adjusted his tie somewhat awkwardly. We'll talk about it later. I need to go greet the other guests first. After saying that, he hurried away. I continued to look down at my phone, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw him walk toward Bai Manxue on the other side of the venue. Bai Manxue was wearing a red evening gown today, with exquisite makeup, radiant and dazzling. She stood next to Song Junyi, looking like a perfectly matched couple. As for me, I felt more like an outsider. Miss Jiang, hello. A middle-aged man walked up to me, dressed in a sharp suit with a respectful expression. I am Liming, the CFO of Junyi Design. President Song asked me to accompany you for a chat. I nodded politely. Hello, Director Li. Where does Ms. Jiang work? Liming sat beside me, trying to make conversation. Just an ordinary investment company, doing some fund management. I replied casually. A flicker of disdain flashed in Liming's eyes, but he quickly concealed it. I see. The investment industry must be quite competitive, right? Not bad. The atmosphere became a bit awkward. Liming clearly had little interest in me, a regular employee. And after a few perfunctory words, he made an excuse and left. I picked up my phone again, about to continue playing the game, when suddenly I heard a burst of mocking laughter not far away. I heard Mr. Song's fiance is just a clerk at an investment company. Yeah, and she's not even that good-looking. She's completely unworthy of Mr. Song. Mr. Song is so outstanding. He could have any woman he wants. Why does he have to follow his family's arrangements? I bet this marriage won't last long before they get divorced. I looked up and saw several elegantly dressed women whispering at a table not far away. They thought I couldn't hear them, but at this distance, every word was crystal clear. I ignored them and continued scrolling through my phone. In situations like this, gossip like this is something I've long grown used to. Distinguished guests, dear friends. Song Junyi suddenly walked onto the stage and picked up the microphone. Thank you all for coming to the engagement banquet for Jiang Yao and me today. On this special day, I would like to say a few words to my fiance. His gaze fell upon me, yet there was not a trace of warmth in his eyes. Jiang Yao, although our marriage was arranged by our families, I hope we can support each other and grow together. The words were formal, very polite. Scattered applause echoed from below the stage. I also politely applauded. At that moment, Bai Manxue suddenly walked up from below the stage. She held a microphone in her hand, with a sweet smile on her face. Excuse me, I'd like to say a few words. Song Junyi was taken aback for a moment, but did not stop her. Bai Manxue cleared her throat and looked at me in the audience. Jiang Yao, I know you might not be very familiar with Junyi's work. As his assistant, I'd like to remind you, Junyi is a workaholic who often works late into the night, so you need to be more understanding of him. Also, he doesn't like overly clingy women, so you should give him enough space. Most importantly, his career is just getting started, and he needs a woman who can support him, not hold him back. Her words sounded like well-intentioned advice, but each sentence carried a sharp implication. The guests below the stage began to whisper among themselves. This assistant makes a good point. Jiang Yao really doesn't seem to suit President Song. What help could a small employee possibly offer President Song? I slowly stood up and walked to the front of the stage. Everyone's eyes were fixed on me. Bai Manxue, seeing me step onto the stage, flashed a hint of satisfaction in her eyes. Assistant Bai is absolutely right. I took the microphone. My voice calm. I truly don't know much about Junyi's work. However, I'd like to ask, as an assistant, aren't you overstepping your authority? Bai Manxue's expression changed slightly. I was just kindly reminding you. Kindly? I laughed. Then let me kindly remind you as well. As Junyi's fiance, I hope you can clearly understand your own position. Don't do anything that could be misunderstood. Bai Manxue's face instantly flushed red. What do you mean by that? You know exactly what I mean. The atmosphere in the audience began to grow tense. Song Junyi quickly walked over, wanting to ease the awkwardness. All right, today is the engagement banquet. Let's all be a little happier. Bai Manxue suddenly grabbed the red wine glass on the table, which was half filled with red wine. Jiang Yao, what gives you the right to say that about me? I worked for Junyi for 3 years, working overtime until late at night every day. Do you know how much I've given? And you, besides being a fiance, what else do you have? Her voice grew sharper, and her emotions became more intense. You're just a small employee earning a few thousand a month. What right do you have to boss me around here? After saying that, she suddenly splashed the red wine at me. Splash. The red wine spilled on my white dress, instantly staining it a dark red. The venue fell into a dead silence. Everyone held their breath. Red wine dripped down my cheeks, and the dark red stains on my white dress looked particularly glaring under the lights. The venue fell into complete silence, with the gaze of over 300 guests fixed on me. Someone took out their phone and started recording. Someone covered their mouth, looking shocked. More people were gleefully waiting to see the drama unfold. Bai Manxue stood on the stage, her chest heaving violently. She was even a bit surprised by her own impulsiveness just now, but soon, her expression grew even more arrogant. Jiang Yao, this is the consequence of challenging me. Do you think you can do whatever you want just because you're a fiance? Let me tell you, this world values strength, not connections. A murmur of whispers rose from the audience. This assistant is right. Jiang Yao is indeed too arrogant. What right does a small employee have to show off here? I slowly took out a handkerchief and wiped the red wine off my face bit by bit. The movements were slow, very deliberate, as if everything that had just happened had nothing to do with me. Song Junyi. I looked toward my fiance in the audience. He stood there, his face pale, his eyes flickering. Your assistant splashed wine on me in front of 300 guests. Don't you have anything to say? Song Junyi opened his mouth, but no sound came out. His gaze shifted between me and Bai Manxue, clearly unsure how to handle the situation. Junyi, say something. Bai Manxue suddenly grabbed his arm. I've worked for you for so many years. How dare she humiliate me like this? Didn't you say that I am your most important partner? Song Junyi winced slightly in pain from her grip, frowning, but he still didn't speak. I smiled. It seems that President Song has already made his stance clear with his silence. I picked up the microphone again, my voice resonating clearly throughout the entire venue. Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for letting you witness such a scene. However, I believe this is also a good thing. At least it allowed me to see the true colors of some people. People in the audience began whispering to each other. What does Jiang Yao mean by this? Is she going to cause trouble? In such a situation, she should have held back. Bai Manxue saw that I didn't flee in a panic as expected, and instead became even more arrogant. Jiang Yao, stop pretending here. Today's engagement party was a joke from the start. Who do you think you are? What makes you think you can marry Junyi? Is it your meager salary or your utterly insignificant family background? Her words grew increasingly harsh, and the guests below the stage began to murmur among themselves. This assistant has a point. Jiang Yao really isn't worthy of President Song. With such a mismatch in social status, this marriage is bound to run into problems sooner or later. Several executives from Junyi Design also began to chime in. Assistant Bai is right. Miss Jiang, it would be better for you to face reality. Mr. Song is so outstanding. You two really aren't a good match. Breaking up now is best for everyone. Faced with everyone's mockery and doubts, I remained calm. I slowly walked up to Bai Mengxue. My voice soft, but each word clearly audible. Bai Mengxue, are you sure you want to do this? Of course. She straightened her chest. I want everyone to know that you, Jiang Yao, are not worthy of standing here. You are not worthy of marrying Jun Yi. This engagement banquet is a joke. She turned to the guests below the stage, her voice sharp. Everyone, I hereby officially announce, in my capacity as senior assistant of Jun Yi Design, that this engagement is cancelled. Jiang Yao, you can get lost. A commotion erupted in the venue. Someone started to applaud. Someone began to jeer. More people took out their phones to record, ready to spread this good show. Song Jun Yi finally spoke up. Mengxue, don't be like this. But his words were feeble, more like a mere formality. Bai Mengxue smiled triumphantly. Jun Yi, you finally admit it. We've been in love for 3 years. Why should we separate because of a family arrangement? We should be brave and stay together. After saying this, she suddenly hugged Song Jun Yi. A wave of exclamations erupted from the audience. I see, Director Song and the assistant are the real deal. Jiang Yao had her man snatched away. I watched this scene unfold, feeling completely indifferent inside. Even there's a sense of relief. I took out my phone and dialed a number. Dad, can you hear me? Someone said I'm not worthy. There was a 2-second silence on the other end of the phone, followed by a low voice. I understand. I hung up the phone and picked up the receiver again. Ladies and gentlemen, since Assistant Bai has already announced the cancellation of the engagement on behalf of Jun Yi Design, I have nothing more to say. However, before I leave, I'd like to clarify one thing. I'm not some small-time employee at an investment firm. I am the chairman of the Jiangshi Investment Group, Jiang Yao. The Jiang Yao of Jiangshi Investment. As soon as the words were spoken, the venue instantly erupted into chaos. Jiangshi Investment Group, one of the largest investment companies in Haicheng, with assets exceeding hundreds of billions. And Jiang Yao is that legendary eldest daughter of the Jiang family, never appearing in the media, an enigmatic existence. Jun Yi Song's face instantly turned deathly pale. Mengxue Bai was also stunned, her mouth hanging wide open. The guests below the stage began to whisper among themselves. Impossible. How could Jiang Yao possibly be the chairman of Jiangshi Investment? Hasn't the eldest daughter of the Jiang family never made public appearances? Is this a joke? I ignored their doubts and continued speaking. 3 years ago, when Jun was first established, the funding chain broke and it almost went bankrupt. It was me, in the name of Jiang's Investment, who injected 50 million to save this company. 2 years ago, Jun Yi Design was bidding for the Haicheng Central Business District project and encountered a formidable opponent. It was me who used my connections to make the competitor withdraw voluntarily. 6 months ago, Jun Yi Design wanted to expand its scale, but the bank refused to grant a loan. It was my guarantee that made the bank approve the 200 million loan. With every word I spoke, Song Jun Yi's face grew paler. The guests below the stage also began to believe what I was saying. Because many people present were aware of these matters, they just didn't know that I was the one pulling the strings behind the scenes. The air in the venue seemed to freeze. Bai Mengxue's face turned from red to pale, then from pale to ashen, her lips trembling as she struggled to speak. Song Jun Yi slumped even further into his chair, his hands clenched tightly, his knuckles turning white. I continued, of course, all of that is in the past now. Since Assistant Bai believes I am unworthy, there is no need for me to continue this meaningless relationship. Starting today, Jiangshi Investment will completely withdraw all investments from Jun Yi Design, including the three ongoing projects and the 2 billion loan that is about to mature. Song Jun Yi suddenly stood up, his voice trembling. Jiang Yao, you can't do this. There are still over 80 employees in the company, and they are all innocent. If those projects are halted, it will affect many people's livelihoods. I looked at him, my gaze as calm as still water. You should go talk to your Assistant Bai about these matters. After all, it was she who announced the of your company. Bai Mengxue finally snapped back to reality. Her face as pale as paper. No, that's not how it is. I just I just acted on impulse. Miss Jiang, please give us another chance. She actually wanted to kneel down and beg me. I stepped aside to avoid her. Miss Bai, didn't you just say that this world values strength? Now, let me show you what real strength is. After saying that, I took out my phone and dialed a number. Execute the Jiang family investment withdrawal plan immediately. All projects related to Jun Yi Design are to be halted. Immediately, bank loans will begin collection starting tomorrow. After hanging up the phone, I looked at the guests below the stage. Everyone, today's engagement banquet is hereby concluded. Thank you all for coming. After saying that, I turned around and prepared to leave. Wait. Song Jun Yi suddenly rushed over and grabbed my arm. Jiang Yao, I know I was wrong. What happened just now was all a misunderstanding. You can't destroy the entire company over an assistant's words. I broke free from his grasp and sneered, a misunderstanding? Song Jun Yi, do you think I'm a 3-year-old child? Do you really think I don't know about the relationship between the two of you? Every time I ask you out, you say you're busy with work, but what's the result? You're dating her, working overtime with her, spending every moment that should have been mine with her. And I, like a fool, thought you were just a workaholic. Song Jun Yi's expression grew even more unpleasant. Jiang Yao, we have some issues between us, but that's no reason for you to destroy the company. There are so many employees in the company, and they are all innocent. What's the difference between doing this and seeking revenge? Upon hearing his words, I couldn't help but laugh. Revenge? Song Jun Yi, you think too highly of yourself. I'm just making a normal business decision. Jiang's Investments never engages in loss-making ventures, and Jun Yi Design is clearly no longer worth our continued investment. Just then, the door to the venue was suddenly pushed open. A middle-aged man in a black suit walked in, followed by over a dozen bodyguards. Seeing him, everyone present gasped in shock. Jiang Chencheng, the founder of Jiangshi Investment, a legendary figure in Haicheng's business world. He is also my father. Xiao Yao. He walked up to me, his voice gentle. I've let you suffer. I nodded. Dad, I've already handled it. Jiang Chencheng's gaze swept over everyone present, finally settling on Bai Mengxue. Was it you who splashed wine on my daughter? Bai Mengxue trembled with fear, unable to utter a word. Jiang Chencheng then looked at Song Jun Yi. Song Jun Yi, you know very well how my daughter has treated you. But how have you treated her? You let an assistant humiliate her in front of 300 guests. Do you think this matter can just be dropped like that? Song Jun Yi wanted to explain, but under Jiang Chencheng's intimidating presence, he couldn't utter a word. Jiang Chencheng turned to the guests below the stage. Everyone, I, Jiang Chencheng, will remember what happened today. From now on, anyone who dares to bully my daughter again will have to answer to me. Jiang Chencheng, going against the entire Jiang family's investments. His words were not loud, but each one was filled with intimidation. The guests below the stage exchanged glances, and no one dared to make a sound. Dad, let's go. I tugged on Jiang Chencheng's sleeve. Okay. He nodded, then said to the bodyguards, take the young lady home. We were about to leave when Song Jun Yi suddenly rushed over. Uncle Jiang, please give me another chance. I really know I was wrong. I am willing to start over with Jiang Yao. Jiang Chencheng sneered coldly. Now you realize your mistake. Where were you when my daughter was having wine thrown on her just now? Now that the company is about to go bankrupt, you remember how good my daughter is. Song Jun Yi, who do you think you are? After saying that, he took my hand and left the venue without looking back. Behind us came the sound of Bai Mengxue's crying and Song Jun Yi's regretful voice. But all of this has nothing to do with me anymore. Early the next morning, major media outlets in Haicheng were reporting on the events of yesterday's engagement banquet. Shocking, the heiress of Jiangshi Investment gets wine splashed on her by a mistress in public. Jun Yi Design faces bankruptcy crisis. Earthquake in Haicheng's business world. Jiang Chencheng officially declares war. I lay in bed, lazily scrolling through these news articles. My phone rang. It was my assistant, Su Wai. Mr. Jiang, Song Jun Yi has been waiting downstairs at the company all night. He said he must see you no matter what. Should we have security escort him away? I thought for a moment, let him wait. I have a meeting to attend this morning. We'll talk about it in the afternoon. After hanging up the phone, I slowly got up and washed up. Today's schedule is packed with three important investment projects to discuss. Jiang's investments won't stop operating just because of a Song Junyi. At 10:00 in the morning, I arrived at the company. Sure enough, I saw Song Junyi sitting in the lobby looking haggard with bloodshot eyes. As soon as he saw me, he immediately stood up and tried to walk over, but the security guard stopped him. "Mr. Jiang, do you need us to handle this?" The security captain asked. I shook my head. "No need. Let him wait." After saying that, I walked straight toward the elevator. As the elevator doors closed, I saw Song Junyi's desperate gaze, but there was no ripple in my heart. Some mistakes, once made, leave no way back. In the conference room, the heads of three investment projects were waiting for me. Each of these projects was worth billions, enough to change the business landscape of Haicheng. "Everyone, sorry for being late." I said as I walked into the conference room. "Mr. Jiang, are you okay?" One of the responsible persons asked with concern. "We all heard about what happened yesterday." "It's nothing. Just a minor incident." I said as I sat down. "Let's get started." Over the next 3 hours, we discussed the details of the three projects in depth. For each project, I demanded the highest standards of execution. Every penny invested by the Jiang family must be well spent. After the meeting, I returned to my office. Su Ya walked in and reported, "Mr. Jiang, Song Junyi is still waiting downstairs. Several executives from Junyi Design have also come saying they want to apologize to you in person. Also, there are over a dozen media outlets wanting to interview you." I rubbed my temples. "I won't accept any media interviews for now. Tell the people from Junyi Design to go back. As for Song Junyi," I thought for a moment, "let him come up." 10 minutes later, Song Junyi appeared in my office. He looked even more haggard than yesterday, unshaven and with his clothes terribly wrinkled. "Jiang Yao, thank you for agreeing to see me." His voice was very hoarse. "Have a seat." I pointed to the chair opposite. After sitting down, he clenched his hands tightly, clearly very nervous. "Jiang Yao, I'm really sorry about what happened yesterday. I know I was wrong. I shouldn't have let Meng Shu treat you like that. I especially shouldn't have chosen to stay silent when you were splashed with wine. I know that no matter what I say, I can't make up for the harm I've caused you, but I beg you, give the company a chance. Give those employees a chance." I listened quietly, my face showing no expression. "Finished." "Jiang Yao, I know you hate me, but I don't hate you." I interrupted him. "Song Junyi, I have no feelings for you anymore. Whether it's love or hate, it requires emotional investment, and you are no longer worth any emotional investment from me." His face grew even paler. "What about the company? What about the employees? They are all innocent. You can punish me, but don't drag them into this." I stood up and walked to the floor-to-ceiling window. Through the glass, the bustling scene of the entire Haicheng could be seen. "Song Junyi, do you know, 3 years ago, when I first met you, you were worrying about the company's funding issues. Back then, you were so focused, so earnest, and so full of ideals. I was moved by that focus of yours. That's why I agreed to this marriage and even took the initiative to help your company. I thought that over time, we would develop genuine feelings, but you've let me down." I turned around and looked at him. "Do you know what disappoints me the most? It's not your relationship with Bai Meng Shu, nor is it your indifference toward me. It's your cowardice at the critical moment. Yesterday, when Bai Meng Shu splashed wine on me, you chose to remain silent. When she humiliated me, you chose to run away. A man like this doesn't deserve to have his own career, let alone my affection." Song Junyi, upon hearing these words, tears welled up in his eyes. "Jiang Yao, I truly know I was wrong. If time could be reversed, I would never have let Meng Shu treat you that way. I would stand up to protect you and loudly tell everyone that you are my fiance." But, I shook my head. "Time cannot be turned back. Some mistakes, once made, are made. Some hurts, once caused, are caused. I gave you a chance, but you didn't cherish it. Now, it's all too late." The office fell into a deathly silence. Song Junyi slumped in his chair, the light in his eyes completely extinguished. "Is there really no room left at all?" His voice was soft, filled with despair. "No." My answer was straightforward. "Jiang Yao, I know I have no right to ask for your forgiveness, but Bai Meng Shu, she just made a mistake in a moment of confusion. She came from the countryside to Haicheng, and it hasn't been easy for her to struggle on her own all these years. Can you just let her go?" Hearing this, I couldn't help but laugh. "Song Junyi, you're still speaking up for her even now. She humiliated me in front of 300 guests, splashed wine on me, and you say she just had a momentary lapse in judgment. Then if I were to destroy your company, could it also be said that I was momentarily confused?" Song Junyi opened his mouth but didn't speak. "Forget it. Let's not talk about this anymore." I sat back down in the chair. "You can go." "Jiang Yao, I have one last question for you." "You tell me. If we had been together back then because we truly loved each other and not because of our families' arrangements, would the outcome have been different?" I looked at him and remained silent for a long time. "Perhaps," I finally said, "but there are no what-ifs in this world. Song Junyi, you need to face reality." He nodded and slowly stood up. "Then I'll be going." "Wait." I called out to him. "I have a proposal." He turned around, a glimmer of hope reigniting in his eyes. "Speak. I can consider not withdrawing the investment." "Really?" He walked over excitedly. "You're willing to forgive me?" "But there are conditions." I continued. "What conditions? Just say it." I stood up and walked over to him. "First, Bai Meng Shu must leave Junyi Design and never return. Second, transfer 51% of all shares of Junyi Design to me. Third, you must publicly apologize for yesterday's incident in front of all employees. Fourth, starting today, you are only the company's design director, no longer the boss." Upon hearing these conditions, Song Junyi's expression turned very unpleasant. "Jiang Yao, these terms are too harsh, especially the equity transfer. Junyi Design is my life's work. I can't." "Then there's nothing more to say." I cut him off. "Since you think it's harsh, we'll proceed as planned. The bank will start collecting the loan tomorrow, and it must be fully repaid within 3 days. If it's not paid, the company will be seized." "Jiang Yao, you can't do this." He said anxiously. "You're forcing my hand." "Force you?" I sneered. "Song Junyi, get your facts straight. Right now, you're the one begging me, not the other way around. I'm giving you two options. Either accept my terms or watch the company go bankrupt. There is no third choice." He paced back and forth in the office, clearly engaged in an intense internal struggle. "Give me some time to think it over." "Okay. Sure." I glanced at my watch. "I'll give you 24 hours. At this time tomorrow, give me your answer. If you don't come, I'll take it as a refusal." Song Junyi nodded and turned to leave the office. After he left, Su Ya walked in. "President Jiang, are you really planning to acquire Junyi Design?" "Of course." I returned to my chair. "Although Junyi Design is not large in scale, it still holds a certain influence in the design industry. Acquiring it would be beneficial for our entry into the real estate industry." "What about Song Junyi? How do you plan to handle him?" "Keep him." I thought for a moment. "His design skills are still quite good. As long as he does his work honestly, I won't make things difficult for him." "All right." Su Ya nodded. "What about Bai Meng Shu?" "This person absolutely cannot stay." My tone turned cold and firm. "Since she dared to humiliate me in public, she must face the consequences of her actions. Have someone look into her background and see if there are any weaknesses we can exploit. If not, create some." Su Ya understood. Su Ya noted it down in her notebook. "Is there anything else?" "Not for now." I rubbed my temples. "Let's call it a day." After Su Ya left, I sat alone in the office gazing at the night view outside. The night in Haicheng is beautiful with countless lights and bustling traffic, but my mood is quite complicated. To say I don't hate Song Junyi would be a lie, but this hatred is more of a disappointment in myself. How could I have fallen for such a man? My phone rang. It was my father calling. "Xiao Yao, how was your day?" "Fine. Song Junyi came to see me." "What did he say?" "He begged for my forgiveness, pleaded with me not to withdraw the investment." "How did you respond?" "I gave him some conditions." "What conditions?" I repeated the conditions I had just mentioned. "Hmm, not bad." Father's voice carried a note of approval. This way, we can both protect our investment and make them pay the price. You've thought this through very thoroughly. But Dad, I always feel like this is letting them off too easily. Yesterday's humiliation shouldn't just be forgotten. Xiao Yao, business is like a battlefield. Sometimes knowing when to stop is wiser than going for the kill. Acquiring Junyi Design will be useful to us. As for Song Junyi, what kind of trouble can a man who has lost control of his company possibly stir up? I understand. Get some rest early. There's a lot to handle tomorrow. All right, Dad. Good night. After hanging up the phone, I packed my things and prepared to head home. Tomorrow would be the day Song Junyi gave me his answer. No matter what he chose, I was ready. The next afternoon, Song Junyi appeared in my office right on time. He looks even more haggard than yesterday, with red and swollen eyes, clearly having not slept all night. Jiang Yao, I've been thinking all night, he said, his voice hoarse as he sat down. I agree to your terms, all of them. I confirmed. Yes, all of them, he nodded. But I have one request. Speak. Regarding Bai Manxue, can you give her a way out? Although she did something wrong, there's no need to completely destroy her. Let her leave Hai Cheng and start over somewhere else. Okay. I looked at him, a cold sneer in my heart. At a time like this, you're still pleading for that woman. Song Junyi, have you misunderstood something? Right now, it's you begging me, not me begging you. My terms are already clear. You only have two choices, accept or refuse. There's no room for negotiation. His expression grew even more unpleasant. Jiang Yao, I know I have no right to ask anything of you. But Bai Manxue truly knows she was wrong. She cried all night last night, filled with regret. If it weren't for me, she wouldn't have done something like that. If you must hate someone, hate me alone. Don't drag her into this. Hearing this, I couldn't help but laugh. Song Junyi, you're really something. Your fiance was publicly humiliated, and instead of comforting her, you're pleading for the person who insulted her. What kind of logic is that? I He opened his mouth, but no words came out. Forget it. Let's not talk about this anymore. I took out a contract. This is the share transfer agreement. Please sign it. He took the contract, his hand trembling slightly. Jiang Yao, are you really going to do this? Junyi Design is my heart and soul, my dream. What's the difference between doing this and killing me? Kill you? I sneered. Song Junyi, you think too highly of yourself. I'm just doing business. No one forced you to sign this contract. You can choose not to sign, and then wait for the company to go bankrupt. In that case, you will not only lose the company, but also be saddled with massive debt. By then, you won't even have a chance to make a comeback. But now, at least you can still keep your position as design director and earn a decent salary. You should thank me, not blame me. He remained silent for a long time, but in the end, he still signed the contract. Excellent. I put away the contract. From today onward, Junyi Design is a subsidiary of Jiangshu Investment. I will send someone to take over the company's finance and personnel. You just need to focus on the design work. Don't worry about the other things. When is the staff meeting? he asked. Tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. I checked the schedule. I'll go there myself. You must publicly apologize to all employees and announce personnel adjustments. I understand. Also, Bai Manxue must leave the company today. If I still see her in the company tomorrow, your agreement will automatically become void. He nodded and said nothing more. Then I'll be off first. He stood up. See you tomorrow. Wait, I called out to him. There's something I forgot to say. What is it? Starting today, you are not to have any contact with Bai Manxue. No meetings, no phone calls, no messages. If I find out you are still in touch, I will fire you immediately. His expression turned grim. Jiang Yao, isn't this going too far? Too far? I stood up. Song Junyi, you think I'm going too far? Then yesterday, when Bai Manxue splashed wine on me in front of 300 guests, did you think that was going too far? That's a different matter. There's no two ways about it. I interrupted him. Either accept all my conditions, or tear up the agreement right now. Which do you choose? He remained silent for a long time, but eventually nodded. I agree. Very well. I sat back down. Then I'll see you tomorrow. After he left, I immediately called Su Yaya. Send someone to Junyi Design right away to supervise Bai Manxue's departure. Also, have the legal department prepare the relevant documents for the acquisition. Tomorrow morning's meeting, I want all procedures to be complete. Understood. President Jiang, also, check on Bai Manxue's whereabouts. I want to know where she went and what she's doing. Understood. Hanging up the phone, I gazed at the night outside the window. This game has only just begun. Song Junyi thinks that signing the contract means everything is settled. But he is mistaken. The real revenge is just beginning. The next morning, I arrived at Junyi Design Company on time. This was a 20-story office building, and Junyi Design had leased three of its floors. As I entered the lobby, the receptionist recognized me. President Jiang, hello. She stood up nervously. President Song is waiting for you in the conference room. Mm. I nodded. Are all the employees here? Yes, everyone is in the conference room. I walked toward the elevator, followed by Su Yaya and several legal staff. Today's meeting is very important. It will determine the fate of Junyi Design. It will also determine Song Junyi's future. The conference room was packed, with about 80 employees present. When they saw me enter, everyone stood up and applauded, but the applause was forced, tense. Clearly, they all knew what had happened. Hello, everyone. I walked to the front of the stage. Please take a seat. Song Junyi sat in the front row, his face pale, his eyes flickering. Everyone, I am Jiang Yao, the chairman of Jiangshu Investment. Starting today, Junyi Design officially becomes a subsidiary of Jiangshu Investment. I will serve as the chairman of Junyi Design, taking full responsibility for the company's management. Scattered applause echoed from below the stage. I know everyone might feel a bit uncomfortable with this change, but please rest assured, the company's normal operations will not be affected. Everyone's job positions and salary packages will remain unchanged. In fact, outstanding employees will even receive additional rewards. Hearing this, the employees' expressions relaxed a bit. However, there's one thing I need to clarify first. Regarding the engagement banquet the day before yesterday, I think Director Song has something to say. I looked at Song Junyi. He slowly stood up and walked to the front. Colleagues, I I have something to say. His voice trembled, clearly nervous. At the engagement party the day before yesterday, some unpleasant things happened. My former assistant Bai Manxue, in front of all the guests, behaved inappropriately towards President Jiang. And I, as her fiance, did not step forward in time to protect her. This is my mistake, and I deeply regret it. Here, I would like to formally apologize to President Jiang. After speaking, he bowed deeply. The employees below the stage looked at each other. Although everyone had heard about the engagement banquet, the specific details were unclear. Now, hearing Song Junyi admit it personally, they all felt quite shocked. President Jiang, I am sorry to you, Song Junyi continued. I have let down your trust and disappointed the expectations of both families. I know that no matter what I say, it cannot make up for the harm I have caused you. But I hope you can give me a chance to prove myself through my work. I will work hard and use practical actions to atone for my mistakes. After speaking, he bowed once more. Applause erupted from the audience. This time, the applause was more enthusiastic, as the employees were clearly moved by Song Junyi's sincerity. Very good. I stepped to the front of the stage. Director Song's attitude is very sincere. I accept his apology. However, since it's an apology, there must be concrete actions. Starting today, Song Junyi is no longer the general manager of Junyi Design, but the chief designer. The company's management and operations will be handled by a team sent by Jiang's Investment. Additionally, Bai Manxue has been dismissed and is permanently barred from entering the company. Anyone found to have any contact with her will be immediately terminated. The murmurs in the audience grew louder. Everyone was aware of the relationship between Song Junyi and Bai Manxue. So hearing such a rule came as a great surprise. I know these changes might make everyone feel uncomfortable, but please believe that all of this is for the long-term development of the company. Jiang's Investment has strong financial capabilities and abundant market resources. With our support, Junyi Design is sure to develop even better. Now, I announce several personnel appointments. Ms. Su Yaya will serve as the general manager of Junyi Design, fully responsible for the company's daily management, Mr. Lee Hua will serve as the financial director responsible for the company's financial management. Mr. Song Junyi will serve as the human resources director responsible for the company's personnel management. The above appointments are effective immediately. The applause from the audience grew even more enthusiastic. Although the employees felt somewhat unsettled by the changes, they all knew it was for the best. With the support of Jiang's investment, the company's future prospects will be even brighter. Finally, I would like to say one thing. Every employee at Junyi Design is a valuable asset to the company. As long as everyone works hard, the company will provide better treatment and development opportunities. I hope everyone can unite as one and work together to make the company even better. Thank you, everyone. After the meeting ended, the employees gradually left. Song Junyi walked up to me. Jiang Yao, thank you for giving me this opportunity. I won't let you down. I hope so. I looked at him. Remember what you said today. I will remember. And don't forget our agreement. You and Bai Mengxue must not have any further contact. His expression changed slightly, but he still nodded. I know. I turned to leave, then suddenly remembered something. Oh, [clears throat] and one more thing. What is it? Your office. I'm going to renovate it. Starting today, you'll be moving to department to work. Jiang Yao, is this What? Do you have an opinion? I turned around and looked at him. No. He lowered his head. I'll go pack my things now. Very well. I left Junyi Design in high spirits. The first step of the plan had already succeeded. Now, it's time for the second step. A month later, Junyi Design's performance skyrocketed. With the support of Jiang's investment, the company secured several major projects. The employees' work enthusiasm was high, and the company's atmosphere improved significantly. But Song Junyi's condition was getting worse and worse. He went from being a spirited boss to an ordinary employee. Although his position was chief designer, in reality, there was no difference between him and the other designers. What made him even more miserable was that he couldn't contact Bai Mengxue. Su Yaya reports his situation to me every day. President Jiang, Song Junyi was distracted again today. The proposal he designed was rejected by the client three times, and he's feeling very down. Hmm. I put down the document. How about Bai Mengxue? She found a job at a small company working as an administrative assistant. The salary is only 1/3 of what it used to be, and she lives in a rented apartment in the suburbs. Good. I nodded with satisfaction. Keep monitoring her. Okay. By the way, make arrangements for me to visit Junyi Design right now. Right now. Half an hour later, I arrived at Junyi Design. The company has undergone significant changes with more modern decor, and the employees' work attitudes have improved as well. I walked to the design department and saw Song Junyi buried in his drawing. He had lost a lot of weight and looked quite haggard. Song Junyi. I walked over. He looked up, saw me, and immediately stood up. President Jiang, you're here. Yes, I came to take a look. I glanced at his design drawings. What project is this? It's a residential project in Haicheng New District. How's the design coming along? Still making revisions. His voice sounded weak. The client had some feedback. Let me take a look. I examined the design carefully. There were indeed some issues. The space utilization here is too low. I pointed at the blueprint. And here, the lighting is poor. I know. He nodded. I'll redesign it. Hmm. I put down the blueprint. How have you been lately? Not bad. He forced a smile. Work has been quite busy. That's good. I looked at him. Remember, work hard. I will. I turned to leave, then suddenly stopped. Oh, and one more thing. Go ahead. I heard you've been working a lot of overtime lately. Yes. He nodded. The project is quite urgent. Take care of your health, I said in a flat tone. The company needs healthy employees, not ones who overwork themselves. I understand. I left the design department with mixed feelings. Song Junyi's current state is truly pitiable, but I won't let that soften my heart. Some mistakes must come with a price. Back at Jiangsha Investment, Su Ya reported a situation to me. Mr. Jiang, our people discovered that Song Junyi went to Bai Mengxue's place last night. What? I frowned. Did they meet? No. Su Yaya shook her head. He just stood downstairs for half an hour and then left. Did Bai Mengxue not come down? No. Does she know Song Junyi has left? She should know. Su Yaya said, "Our people saw her watching from the window for a long time." Interesting. I sneered. It seems they still love each other very much. What should we do then? Keep monitoring. I thought for a moment. If they actually meet, inform me immediately. All right. Also, have someone pass a message to Bai Mengxue. What do you mean? If she wants to stay in Haicheng, she'd better not have any contact with Song Junyi. Otherwise, she'll find there's no place for her in Haicheng. I understand. That evening, I received a phone call at home. It was Bai Mengxue. Miss Jiang, may I speak with you? Her voice was trembling, clearly very nervous. What is there to talk about? About me and Junyi. Let's meet somewhere. Okay. I thought for a moment. Okay. Tomorrow night at 8:00, Haicheng Cafe. Okay. Thank you. After hanging up the phone, a faint smile curled at the corner of my lips. It seems it's time for the final showdown. The next evening, I arrived at Haicheng Cafe right on time. This is a very quiet cafe, and there aren't many customers on a regular day. Bai Mengxue was already waiting for me there. It had been a month since we last met, and she had changed a lot. The once glamorous assistant had now become an ordinary office worker. She was wearing a simple white shirt and black trousers with no makeup, and her face looked very haggard. Miss Jiang, you're here. She stood up and nodded respectfully. Have a seat. I sat down opposite her. What would you like to drink? No need. I don't have much time. I glanced at my watch. Go ahead. What do you want to talk about? About me and Junyi. Her voice was very soft. I want to ask you to let him go. Let him go? I laughed. Bai Mengxue, have you misunderstood something? I haven't been giving him a hard time. I'm just managing the company normally. But, she bit her lip. I know you're doing this because of me. If you want revenge, come at me. Don't drag Junyi into this. Drag into this? I sneered. Bai Mengxue, you're really something. Who was it that splashed wine on me in front of 300 guests at the engagement banquet? Who said I wasn't worthy of marrying Song Junyi? Who announced the cancellation of the engagement? Now you're telling me not to drag him down. Her expression turned very unpleasant. Miss Jiang, I know I was wrong, but Junyi is innocent. He just Just what? I interrupted her. Just chose to stay silent when you threw wine at me. Just chose to run away when you humiliated me. Is this what you call innocence? She opened her mouth, but no words came out. Bai Mengxue, do you know what I hate the most? What I hate the most are self-righteous people. Who do you think you are? What gives you the right to judge me? What gives you the right to decide the relationship between me and Song Junyi? I Tears welled up in her eyes. I just love Junyi too much. Seeing him about to get engaged to someone else, I couldn't control my emotions. So you just threw wine on me. I'm sorry. She suddenly stood up and bowed deeply. Shall I kneel down and apologize to you? Please let Junyi go. He's really in pain. For the past month, he has been filled with self-blame and regret every single day. He said that if time could be reversed, he would never have allowed me to treat you that way. He would have stood up to protect you and told everyone that you are his fiance. Hearing these words, I felt no ripple of emotion in my heart. Bai Mengxue, I have a question for you. Please go ahead. If I let Song Junyi go now, what will happen to you? We She hesitated. We will start over. We will live well and not cause you any more trouble. Start over? I sneered. So you're still going to be together? We've been in love for 3 years. I can't live without him. Fine. I stood up. Now I understand. What do you understand? I understand your clever scheme. You think I would be moved by your deep affection, then let you go and allow you to start over. No, we didn't. Enough. I cut her off. Bai Mengxue, I'm telling you for the last time. I don't care about the relationship between you two, but if you think I'll let Song Junyi off, not a chance. He must face the consequences of his choices. And you, you must also pay the price for your actions. Miss Jiang, what exactly do you want for you to let us go? Her eyes were filled with despair. What I want is simple. I looked at her. I want you two to never be together. I want Song Junyi to know the price of betraying me. I want you to know the consequences of humiliating me. This is what I want. After saying that, I turned and left the cafe. The sound of Bai Mengxue's crying came from behind, but I didn't look back. Some debts must be settled. Three months later, the business landscape of Haicheng underwent a dramatic transformation. Jiang's investment became the largest investment company in Haicheng through a series of acquisitions and investments. Meanwhile, Junyi Design, under my management, also grew into the most renowned design company in Haicheng. However, Song Junyi's condition was deteriorating. He transformed from a spirited entrepreneur into an ordinary employee. Although the salary was good, losing his own career was a fatal blow to him. What made him even more painful was that he couldn't be with Bai Mengxue under my care. Bai Mengxue changed three jobs, none of which lasted long. In the end, she chose to leave Haicheng. I heard he went to a small city in the south and found an ordinary job there. As for Song Junyi, he could only bear the pain and regret alone. That afternoon, I was handling documents in the office when Su Yae walked in. "Mr. Jiang, Song Junyi wants to see you. He said he has discuss. Let him in." A few minutes later, Song Junyi walked into my office. He looked even more haggard than 3 months ago, and his hair had turned noticeably grayer. "Jiang Yao, I have something to say to you." After sitting down, he looked at me. "Go ahead. I want to resign." "Resign?" I was a bit surprised. "Why?" "I want to leave Haicheng and start over somewhere else." "Oh." I put down the document. "Where to?" "A small city in the south." "Is it because of Bai Mengxue?" He remained silent for a long time before finally nodding. "Yes." "Song Junyi, I remember we had an agreement. You are not to have any contact with Bai Mengxue." "I know." His voice was hoarse, "but I can't do it. I've been thinking about her every day for the past 3 months. I know this is a betrayal to you, but I can't control my feelings. So, you're going to find her?" "Yes." He looked up at me. "I'm going to find her and be with her, even if it means giving up everything here." I looked at him, a complex emotion welling up in my heart. "Song Junyi, do you know the consequences of doing this?" "I know." He nodded, "but I don't care. A life without Mengxue holds no meaning for me. Over these past 3 months, I've been filled with regret, regret for the choice I made back then. I regret my silence at the engagement banquet, regret not protecting you. But what I regret even more is that I didn't have the courage to choose the person I truly love. Jiang Yao, I'm sorry. I know I've hurt you and let you down, but I have to go find her. This is my last chance in this lifetime." He stood up and bowed deeply. "Thank you for taking care of me these past 3 months, and thank you for giving me this opportunity to understand what truly matters. Goodbye." With that, he turned and left the office. I sat in the chair, watching his retreating figure. My heart was filled with mixed emotions. These 3 months of revenge have finally come to an end, and it seems I have lost my purpose. In the evening, I stood alone by the floor-to-ceiling window in the office, gazing at the night view outside. The night in Haicheng is beautiful, but my emotions are complicated. The phone rang. It was a call from my father. "Xiao Yao, I heard Song Junyi resigned." "Yes. What are you planning to do?" "Let him go." I said softly. "This game should come to an end." "Are you sure?" "Sure." "That's good." Father's voice was gentle. "Some things are better left in moderation. Now, you are already the most successful female entrepreneur in Haicheng. It's time to look forward." "I know." After hanging up the phone, I turned my gaze back to the window. Song Junyi left to search for his true love, and I, too, should start a new life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mayflores4028 [6 likes]: So this is an engagement party without their parent present... ridiculous!!!
  2. @watchr740 [3 likes]: Why are many of the Wives and Fiancées, who are supposed to be the heroines, portrayed as plain, frumpy or out of touch with fashion and how to carry on at least a lite professional discussion .. or overly proud, or humble to dress up for anyone? Not saying they have to look competing, over embellished, just asking writers to give them beauty and a taste in wardrobe that would give the girlfriends no room to talk, especially for those who can afford it. I know they want who she is to be a surprise, but she can look well dressed, and still surprise everyone who thinks she is only an employee.
  3. @nilmill [3 likes]: Didn't Bai Mengxue and Song Junyi declared at their engagement party that they love each other and she the fiance was not worthy. They broke off the engagement, so why forbid them from seeing one another. I worried more about him plotting against his own design company together with BMX and start elsewhere silently.
  4. @mleornas4353 [2 likes]: What kind of society allows a mere assistant to ridicule a fiance? And the audience readily accepted and affirmed the seemingly righteous  opinion of this arrogant assistant. and the female lead is so vindictive that she cannot let go of her ex to punish him. Terrible!
  5. @aear73 [2 likes]: Good story 😊 👏❤ Virginia Beach va usa 🇺🇸
  6. @casualchaos62 [1 likes]: Why are the parents at the engagement party?
  7. @olivesmith2094 [1 likes]: Sad in the end he still chose that lady.
  8. @gregpo-g5j: she had all that power yet allowed a 304 to splash wine on her w/o jailing her

ty for the upload
  9. @lthill4656: Repeat story heard on another channel.

- Getting Into Wine: A Beginner's Crash Course: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever stared at a wall of wine and had no idea where to start? In the next 20 minutes or so, we're gonna fix that. Hi, my name is Madeline Puckette and I've spent 15 years helping people learn about wine. And if you need some proof, check out Wine Folly's online resource I co-created or my books, which have been printed in 27 languages. The main reason people find it difficult to learn wine is because it's hard to get started. It seems really cool, but it's also overwhelming. How do you choose what you like? Unless you already know a lot, you're essentially rolling the dice with each wine purchase. My goal for you in this video is to give you enough of a foundation so you know how to ask the right questions to drink better wine. After this, choosing a wine shouldn't fill you with low-key dread. Instead, it should feel more like a fun adventure. In short, I want to show you all the things I wish I knew when I was getting started. Being confident in wine helps unlock doors in social situations and it can also help you get a better-paying job. So if you want to make your Wine 101 official, check out Wine Folly's certification courses. Wine is just fermented grape juice, right? This basic concept holds answers that most people overlook and knowing them can help you drink better wine. To answer your question, yes, wine is fermented grapes. Sure, there are wines made with other fruit too, like cranberry wine or pineapple wine, but if it's labeled just wine, that means it's made with just grapes. Of course, the grapes used for making wine look different from table grapes. They're smaller, they're sweeter, they have thicker skins and seeds. These differences give wine its unique taste. Wine grapes also behave differently than other fruit. They don't continue to ripen after they've been picked. And this means wine making happens once a year, right after harvest. And that's what the vintage date means on a wine label. It's the year the grapes were harvested. The vintage is actually where I made my first wine mistake. This was around 2007. I know, it was a long time ago. I bought a bottle of 2005 Côte du Rhône, back when you could get a pretty great red wine for just $13. Côte du Rhône, in case you don't know, this isn't a single-varietal wine like Cabernet Sauvignon. This was a red wine made with three different grapes, Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre. And the name Côte du Rhône is the name of the region where the red wine is from. At the time, this was my first Côte du Rhône, and I loved it so much that I ordered a bunch more. The wine arrived from the same region and the same producer, but it wasn't the same vintage. It was the 2006 and not the 2005. And it didn't taste the same at all. I was devastated. Turns out, the weather in each vintage affects how the grapes ripen, which in turn changes the quality of the wine. 2005 was quite warm and dry and produced rich, fruit-forward red wines, which I loved. Yum, yum, yum. 2006, on the other hand, was a little cooler and the critics would call it "fresher," meaning lighter bodied and more tart. The 2006 has ended up aging quite well, but that didn't give me that yum, yum, yum taste I was looking for. We call this vintage variation. It's one of wine's great strengths and great weaknesses. The lesson for me was if I was looking for French red wines like Côte du Rhône, I tended to prefer, at least back then, wines from warmer, drier years. So when you find a wine you like, pay attention to the weather from that vintage. It's a clue. But the thing that most affects how a wine tastes is where it comes from. Over the years, I've mapped thousands of different wine regions around the world. But if you're just getting started, don't try to memorize them. Instead, let's categorize the regions by climate. To do that, I want to go back to where it all started at least 8,000 years ago in the mountainous region of Caucasus. This is where we think winemaking first started. I like to think that the first wine was a complete accident. We had some extra grapes, we put them in a container, forgot about them for a little while, and came back and yuck! Then someone was bold enough to drink it, and this is what started our multi-millenia obsession with wine. Winemaking expanded with Western civilization into the Mediterranean basin. Vines adapted over thousands of years to different climates, cooler climates in the north and hotter climates in the south. And this is why there are thousands of different grape varieties in several different shades. What's surprising is that everything from lush Chardonnay to dry-as-a-bone Sangiovese are all cultivars of the same species. Vitis vinifera, aka the wine grape. And the climate where Vitis vinifera grows is where we get the concept of the wine belt, which includes the latitudes of around 30 degrees north to 50 north and about 30 to 45 south. There are exceptions to the rule, but for the most part, this is where wine grows. And here's the kicker and the big aha. Vines that grow in warmer climates like Shiraz in Barossa, Australia, or Cabernet Sauvignon in Paso Robles, California, tend to produce riper, sweeter grapes, which in turn produces bolder, more fruit-forward wines. In fact, warm climates produce some of the world's best bold red wines. And contrasting that, when you go north, like to Champagne in France or to the Willamette Valley in Oregon, the grapes there produce less sugar content, which results in lighter-bodied, more tart-tasting wines. And guess what? Cool climate regions produce some of the world's best elegant white and red wines. So knowing about warm climate wines and cool climate wines is an absolute game changer. It explains why two wines made from the same grape can taste completely different, and it's a key to consistently finding wine styles that you love. Now, you might be thinking, "This is great, Madeline, but what about all the different grapes? We've got Merlot, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay. It's a lot to remember." And honestly, you're right. With over a thousand different commercially viable wine varieties out there, I wouldn't worry too much about memorizing all of them, save for the ones you love. Instead, we can simplify things again, taking into consideration all the wines of the world, and group them into more or less nine different wine styles. Sparkling wines, light-bodied white wines, aromatic white wines, full-bodied white wines, rosé and orange wine, light-bodied reds, medium-bodied red wines, full-bodied red wines, and dessert and fortified wines. Now, this categorization model covers most of the wine that's out there in the market, so knowing about each of these styles will help you communicate what you want. I'm going to give you an example of what to look for in each category, a great value as well as a benchmark examples. But remember, this is just the tip of the iceberg. Let's start with full-bodied red wines. These are your whole milk, heavy cream of the wine world. However, unlike milk, they don't get their big body from fat content. They get it from alcohol and tannin. What is tannin? It's a plant polyphenol. Sidebar, tannins contains nearly all of wine's health benefits, and texturally, it gives wines layers of complex velvety flavor. Too much tannin in wines taste bitter and astringent, but when it's just right, it's magical. Cabernet Sauvignon is your benchmark bold red wine. In fact, this is the most widely planted wine grape in the world. But if you're looking for value in the U.S., try Petite Sirah. And if you're elsewhere in the world, try Alicante Bouschet from Portugal. These alts aren't as well known about and thus offer great value. Medium-bodied red wines. Have you ever heard someone say, "Oh, that's a food wine." This is what medium-bodied red wines are all about. Instead of being dominated by brooding blueberry and blackberry flavors like a bold red, they tend to have more red fruit notes, like raspberry, cherry, and plum. They also have fresher acidity, which makes them better to pair with food. There are many varieties that fit this category, but the one you should absolutely know about is Côtes du Rhône. This is a regional wine from southern France that blends with Grenache, with Syrah, and Mourvèdre. These three varieties actually grow in regions all around the world in warmer climates. So if you see this blend, snatch it up and give it a try. For value, try this wine from Italy called Montepulciano d'Abruzzo. I consistently cannot believe the quality I find in this wine for the price. Light-bodied red wines. For those of you who hate the bitterness of tannin but love red wine, this is your go-to wine style, and Pinot Noir is your benchmark grape. This wine is so light and delicate you can see your hand through it. They serve it in a big globe-shaped wine glass to capture the airy red fruits and rose aromas that Pinot Noir is all about. Pinot Noir is great, but it's also one of the most expensive red wines out there. So for value, maybe try a bottle of Frappato from Sicily. It has everything we love about light-bodied red wines, but because it's so lesser known about, it tends to be less expensive. So that's red wines. Basically, it's a spectrum from light to bold, and it correlates with the grape variety. And since most red wines are dry, as in not sweet, the fruit factor you may taste on some is more closely associated with the climate where the grape is grown. Cooler climates tend to produce more tart, sour fruit flavors, and warmer climates make wines with riper, more baked fruit notes. Now for the rest of the wine styles. Sparkling wine. It comes in both dry and sweet styles from Brut to Demi-Sec. I like to think of sparkling wine as kind of the most technical winemaker's wine because to make it, it takes two fermentations. One for the alcohol and two for the bubbles. The benchmark is definitely champagne. Champagne is what you would call a regional wine, meaning it can only be made in the region of Champagne in France. And the reason why I say champagne is the benchmark is because they're the ones that perfected a sparkling winemaking method that's been emulated all around the world. But if you're looking for value, try Cava. This is also a regional wine made in Spain, and it uses the same method as champagne, but with Spanish grapes. And also because it's less known about and less popular, it tends to offer better value. Light-bodied white wines. These zippy, dry white wines have citrus and apple notes. And the thing that defines this category isn't the grape variety necessarily, it's that these wines rarely age in oak barrels. Turns out, stainless steel winemakings helps preserve the crisp quality in white wines. Quality for dollar, light-bodied white wines are some of the best wine values out there. Pinot Grigio might just be your benchmark light-bodied white wine. In France, they call it Pinot Gris, and it grows around the world. Looking for a great value? Try Picpoul de Pinet, a regional wine from France. It absolutely sings for the price. Full-bodied white wines. These rich, toasty, dry white wines have lots of body and a creamy texture. Chardonnay is our benchmark. Surprisingly, it's not the Chardonnay grape that gives these wines a creamy, buttery texture. It's the winemaking interaction that happens when Chardonnay ages in oak barrels. In fact, every white wine you find aged in barrels tends to have richer, more full-bodied flavors. If you're looking for value, try Grenache Blanc aged in oak, for an amazing alternative with a very unique taste. Aromatic white wines. There are some white wine varieties out there that are so aromatic that they deserve their own category. They range in taste from bone-dried to sweet, but can easily be mistaken for a sweet wine because of their candied nose of orange blossom and peach. Riesling is your benchmark. And Germany is its home base, making some of the most haunting Riesling in the world. Of course, on the hunt for value, check out Torrontés from Argentina. This wine is typically made dry, but it smells sweet, like potpourri. Rosé and orange wine. Rosé isn't a grape. It's more of a winemaking process using red grapes. Rosé happens when you stop the grape skins from dyeing the wine red by taking them out of the fermentation, midway. And this means Rosé can be made with nearly any red wine grape. So try your favorite red wine as a Rosé, and you'll be surprised by the totally different expression you get from your favorite grape. So what about orange wine? Just like Rosé is a winemaking method using red grapes, orange wine is a method using white wine grapes. Orange wine happens when you ferment a white wine the way you would a red. By leaving the juice fermenting with the skins, the technique is rare, but it makes some of the richest, most red wine-like white wines I have ever tasted. Dessert and fortified wine. Dessert wines range in style from actually pretty dry to very sweet, and sometimes they're stabilized by adding brandy in a process called fortification. Your benchmark is Port wine from Portugal. The longer that some Port ages, the more tawny in color it becomes and nuttier the taste. I once tasted a tawny that was 250 years old and I couldn't believe how good it tasted, especially since most wines don't age past 10 years. For great value, try Sherry from southern Spain. Many Sherry wines are totally dry, salty, and a little bit nutty. It's a totally unique flavor in a wine that you must try at least once in your life. Now that you know the nine common wine styles, you can better communicate and find what sounds good to you. But how do you go about looking the part when you're enjoying a glass of wine? Well, there's some things that sommeliers know that will greatly improve your wine tasting experience. This is a bottle of wine, the world's best invention. And this is maybe the world's second best invention, a waiter's friend. Knowing how to use one of these will make you feel like a real sommelier. Now we have a wine glass. There are many different styles of wine glasses, but a great wine glass has enough space above the wine to collect aromas. You only need 5 ounces or 150 milliliters for a full serving. Now, my glass might look mostly empty, but that's actually the right amount of wine because when I swirl, it releases the aromas into the bowl of glass. When it comes to tasting, I have a whole 10-minute video on the secrets to tasting like a pro, but conceptually wine tasting is much simpler than that. Smell the wine before you taste it. If you block your nose, you won't pick up any of those aromas of black currant, cedar, and peppercorn on a fine Bordeaux. And that's really the secret. It's really that simple. Smell before you taste. If you do this with every new wine you try, you're going to learn so, so much. So let's bring it all together. We started this journey at a massive wall of wine, feeling a little lost. But now you have a powerful new framework. You know that vintage tells you about the weather of a single year and why the same wine can taste different from one year to the next. You've learned that climate is your secret weapon. By knowing whether a wine comes from a warm or cool region, you can predict if the wine will be bold and fruity or light and elegant. And instead of getting bogged down by thousands of grape varieties, you can now confidently navigate the world of wine using the nine core styles. Finally, you've learned that tasting wine isn't actually about snobbery, it's simply about paying attention. The act of smelling your wine before you sip it is the single biggest thing that will elevate your experience and unblock all those amazing flavors that we've been talking about. My promise to you at the beginning of this video was to help you see wine differently. So the next time you walk into a wine shop, that wall of wine won't be so intimidating. Instead of seeing endless confusing options, you see possibilities. You can now ask the right questions. "Hey, I'm in the mood for something from a cool climate." Or "Hey, I really like full bodied red wines, what's a great value alternative to Cabernet Sauvignon?" That feeling? That's confidence. And that's how you start to drink a better wine. Now, if you're excited about what you've learned and want to make your Wine Smarts official, I'd love for you to check out our Wine Folly's certification courses at winefolly.com We have everything from fun, fast beginner courses to deep dives that will get you ready for a sommelier's career. And if you want to continue this journey and learn more about wine with me, make sure you subscribe to this channel because we've got more ground to cover. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next time. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wineworthbuying [7 likes]: Wine is the best fruit juice ;)
  2. @chrisyboy2000 [1 likes]: I 🍷 this! Thank you! ❤
  3. @Solitude47152 [1 likes]: Nice tat.
  4. @introvertdoesthingz [1 likes]: I had no interest in wine before but this video just convinced me to become a wine connoisseur. Excuse me while I go be a connoisseur in training.
  5. @Kowalski-717 [1 likes]: I recognize hundreds of bottles just watching the label .
  6. @esthergitati3538 [1 likes]: Thank you
  7. @CSM393 [1 likes]: Great introduction. Where is the Shiraz in the wine spectrum?
  8. @DanielLeh-i1o: Can you ferment welch's grape juice
  9. @HICKSKE: Best pairing- triple stack bacon cheeseburger and Mad Dog 20/20. C'est fantastique.
  10. @TheWineExposure: great video
  11. @nyyyaq: Hmm.. Interesting that Vivino app not mentioned even in comments. Really useful app for wine beginners and enthusiasts too, that's like IMDb but for wine 😅
  12. @coasternut3091: The biggest reason I can't get into wine is cost.  All good wine costs money, but there are also expensive bad wines
  13. @KieranGarland: genuinely very helpful cheers. love yer books
  14. @JackCavendish.thePoet: Hard to get started? Are you kidding me? Pop a cork and start drinking. That's how I got started over 45 years ago!
  15. @skepticfucker280: 😅
I just make wine for fun, I think YouTube sent me in the wrong direction.
Cheers and much luv to all.
  16. @Josh-yj9kg: too much talking nothing
  17. @NeroeDB: Authentic: all I need to know is what I like, for reasons that vary and create interesting dinner conversations not commonly known already knew that jargon. 
“ I picked this because cause it’s “cute” but cute to me means something DEEPER : I present-poets leap”
  18. @estebanlalosa900: Thank you very much!!! 👏👏👏
  19. @mddc8998: SO good! Thank you for this breakdown!
  20. @AmeerahAmru: Watched this for my assignment on fermentation 😂 gotta ask though, if you could choose between wine, beer and spirits then still chooses wine, what's the reason?

- Ep 347: Annette Scarfe MW, Singapore based Wine Consultant, Wine2Wine Series (6 of 8): Kind: captions Language: en the latest edition of wine - wine takes place in Verona on the 25th and 26th of November 2019 I am super honored to have been invited to appear on a panel discussing podcasts audience growth education and social sustainability which I hope to broadcast here at a later date as part of my preparation for that talk I put together a special deck that sets out all of the podcast equipment that I use to produce interpreting wine to see that and I hope get you started on your podcasting journey just head to interpreting wine comm slash kit this series was recorded at this year's wine - wine in Verona and will feature interviews with the key organizers as well as selected speakers bringing the experience of this major digital event and allowing you to feel a part of Proceedings no matter where in the world you are today's episode of the wine - wine series features singapore-based wine consultant Annette scarf MW recorded at the wine - wine conference in Verona where Annette was presenting on the topic of entering the Singapore markets we hear her origin story and development as an MW in Singapore we get a deep dive into the Singapore drinking and wider culture and she gives recommendations for entering the Singapore market enjoy my name is Annette Annette scarf master of wine in Singapore I love my job I love meeting people chatting about things I host master classes and events and dinners but people always ask me how I got into wine and it's a second career for me because I went to Singapore 23 years ago as a CFO of a bank and but I'd always had a love and a passion of wine and I made the decision to leave that corporate world and sort of follow my passion in 2005 and I've been working in wine ever since then so Singapore is a I think a really interesting market when I first went there there was very little opportunity to taste different wine styles at all everything was very much dominated by Pernod Ricard and the big Australian brands I mean the Australian brands do still dominate however there's a really thriving wine scene there now and that was really triggered by a casinos the first one which was built and came live in 2010 the casinos brought Michelin star restaurants Michelin star restaurant sports Sommeliers from all over Europe sommelier is from Europe were not interested in having a wine list that was just all driven by the major brands so they started bringing in other wines which is you know which was really the start of our of the the increase and then the other thing I see I mean I do a bit of wse tea education in Singapore and that has grown dramatically now and the trust I got some figures from the WIC tea trust before I came here and they said that Singapore is now their 15th biggest market which for a small country with only five point eight million people in it that's that's quite remarkable but the other thing that's interesting about it is the people that come to me to learn are people it who are bankers lawyers really people not necessarily working in the trade and in fact it's really non trade consumers that are doing most of the wine education because they love wine they drink wine they want to learn more about wine and we're in a bit of a strange situation there I do some work with restaurants in the UK as well and generally speaking the UK wine trade is fairly well educated they you know they do know a lot about the product and but in Singapore the consumer knows a lot more than the trade it's very it's a really interesting sort of things so again that's why I always tell people who are looking to get into the Singapore market to make sure that you really get a proper credible importer there because there's tons of hobbyist importers who know really very little about wine altogether so so that's really kind of me and what I do in Singapore this is my first time here actually in wine - wine and I think it's fascinating it's a really great opportunity not just the sessions the sessions are fantastic anyway but really more just networking and catching up with people I've had some really good meetings over coffees and lunches and so I think it's it's a really good good forum for all of that it's my first time here actually at wine - wine and yeah it's been a fantastic session I think the innovative way really that there isn't a tasting component I think turning that on its head is really yet but the seminars and put the put the people front and center of course there there is wine here of course you know that there's no wine - wine without wine but yeah I agree I think it's just an excellent in excellent conference at air things in yeah an innovative way to to actually educate and to reach the the trade and yeah I guess consumers as well back to Singapore I think before we kind of yeah get into talking about the session you were presenting here and really more about the opportunity on the business side of things I don't know anything about Singapore really I will freely admit that I've never been and I imagine you know look at lots of listeners in the UK in the u.s. maybe they haven't been over there either and lots of producers also in Europe who again potentially they haven't actually gone that so you know given your 23 years on the ground Meg you know give us that some kind of virtual tour of yeah what's it like that kind of you know give give that give us that inside of that you know the benefit of that experience thank you yes so Singapore I mean it has changed a lot in 23 years but some things haven't changed at all and the things that haven't changed is it still an incredibly safe country so people who've never ventured to Singapore and are a bit worried about doing their first trip for Asia I was cool Singapore Asia for beginners and I mean it's still very much the same case there it's incredibly safe we do still have some fairly draconian sentences like we still have the death sentence and I'm not going to get into a story about whether I believe in that or not but but generally speaking that it does mean it's a very very safe country I can not that I do but I could walk back at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning and the only thing that might come out of the undergrowth is maybe a snake if I'm out in the woods but it's it's not going to be sort of being attacked by something I mean any any sort of violence we have is always just domestic violence in there it's an incredibly clean place really really clean and it's a very innovative you know terrific place to be I mean there's a the buildings are fantastic the infrastructure is is fantastic but in been it's full of the two things Singaporeans love to do is to shop and eat and eating is a really really massive sort of pastime for people people will travel from one side of Singapore to the other just to get a particular bowl of chicken rice or a particular noodle dish which I must admit I still find quite extraordinary and it'd be quite the culture if you walked out at lunchtime and you saw people in the lunch break they're happy to queue up for 40 minutes to get a dish of their of their favourite produce when there's somebody next door which is almost empty and I think we don't have that same culture that same Western culture if I if I want a cup of coffee and I see there's a huge queue at one coffee shop I'll just probably get to the next place and grab one and move on so but this is why the wine industry is interesting because with the younger people the 25 to 35 who the 25 to 35 and 35 to 45 are our biggest bracket of consumers interestingly those 18 to 24 are really very very small so again that's quite different from other places where as soon as people get to university there's quite a young sort of generation I mean they're they're just not really the the people consuming alcohol there but these this sort of younger bracket their biggest queue for purchasing is a food and wine match and so this is what I've seen a real change in the culture oh I go down to my family run Chinese restaurant and when I've you know sort of white Formica tables or during the war during the food there and when I first went there very first when I first went there if I wanted wine I had to bring my own wine glasses otherwise I'd be drinking wine in these plastic water cups that we have in front of us here now those restaurants have actually purchased glasses and it's it's quite common for people to bring wine in wine is very much seen as something to share with Singaporeans is a it's a quite a different culture than you have in many other places and people would know tend there we know by wine to take away but they buy it to take to a restaurant to have with food people rarely would drink wine at home in the same way that we do in sort of more European countries yes if you're going for dinner with someone but they're just as happy or they like to bring the wine out and share it with friends so you know you're quite often see people going say I've got this fabulous wine that I bought back from wherever Italy or Germany and instead of saying come round to my house and have it they'll pick what we call a coffee shop which is really like a little food place and they'll take the wine there and you'll try it there so it's that's why I think the whole thing with food and why matching I often think it's a mistake when countries focus so much on the food in their own native country you know so I mean I've seen all of these things drink Argentinean Malbec mistake Singaporeans might eat steak once or twice a year maybe a bit more but for a special birthday so you're basically giving them the message then that I can only drink Malbec twice a year when I go out for those two steak meals so I think what you've what people need to do and if they want to get into the market is come and see us and just go around to all the local stools and try the noodles try the chicken fried rice try the back ooh Tay and then think about what wine would go with that and then as soon as you've got the cue to go with a local dish you're immediately increasing opportunities that really gets to the nub of it you know when you look at how people are eating and how they're drinking and how that unfolds you get so much insight so you know thank you for telling because it I think that actually yet does give a real deep insight and a few nods and a few helps to those Argentinians you might be trying to look at the the Singaporean market one question kind of is in my mind though about like kind of take a bottle to the restaurant and share with your friends I mean what are their kind of identifiable drivers of that is there something around licensing where I guess the BYO market which is what I'm kind of picking up that's bigger now and you know they've got the glasses now so you don't have to bring your own but is it is it is it something on that side of things driving that or is it a you think is sort of a longer standing I guess a cultural point just around sharing and maybe it doesn't take place in people's homes in exactly the same way that it may do in the UK or in the u.s. okay that I mean that's an interesting question I mean that the Chinese culture generally and we are predominantly Chinese is really for BYO that's often why Chinese restaurants which are licensed with a good list struggles sometimes to sell wine because it's still very common for people to bring their very best wines to the restaurant so a lot of these coffee shops I'm talking about or food courts they're they're not licensed as such they can sell beer which which requires a different license in in Singapore and so there is no worries about bringing your own wine or your your own products there the only thing that's changed in that now in the time I've been there is this new licensing law where you can't drink after 10:30 at night in public places so you know 20 odd years ago you could bring most of these coop food places like the local one I was just talking about that's open until 4 o'clock in the morning and it's very common for people to go to the movies or go for dinner and then do something else and then come in for an a snack later at one or two o'clock and they would have always brought wine with them then if they had wine now that's not allowed anymore and so you know you have if you're going to be bring wine to these places it has to be consumed and you can't sit outside after after 10:30 but I think as well they're not going back to the to the houses certainly when I first went there it was very very common for everyone to live with a extended family and so if you were a 25 or 30 year old another reason you wouldn't really take people back to your house is you're quite likely to have either your other siblings baby there as well if they had children and you'll have your parents there and you might even have your grandparents they're all living in the same thing so that's I think another driver why people would always go out and socialize with their friends outside because there wasn't always a lot of space now that is changing there are more and more condos that are being built so people do tend to have their their own homes but I think there really is just a really big sharing community I mean the view of wine and that from the consumers in Singapore which I think is lovely is that wine is really to be shared and wine is really to be enjoyed I'm often quite surprised I'll be running a wine course and then there'll be somebody there who's who will say something to me at the beginning like I've been saving this bottle of wine for seven or eight years and when's the best time to drink it or they'll ask me about the wine and then the next thing I know is on the last day of the course they've bought this precious bottle in to share with the rest of their course mates which which I think is lovely and it's just extraordinary because I think I think fundamentally generally with a more Western culture we I think we've perhaps a little bit more selfish than that we might save that special bottle to have with one or two very special piece fool around an occasion but we wouldn't just think necessarily always just taking it along just to have with people who are just sitting and learning about wine with us so I think that's that's quite lovely yeah final question really from me because I know you're dashing off to a fellow mws presentation just now there's there's always kind of loads happening here at wine - wine but firstly yeah thank you so much I think it's a real YA novel for my listeners and for me to get this insight into the the culture I mean interestingly one of my takeaways is there's actually a couple of things you've alluded to there that are actually quite similar to the Spanish culture which within mainland Europe is the one I'm closest to you know you can definitely in Madrid you'll you'll walk down the little back alleys and you'll see the one place that's absolutely heaving and literally standing room only and then next door they'll but they'll be you know what one man and his dog sort of thing and and then but also I think in a lot of markets in the Mediterranean they I think Italy you know that they do very much think around yet the food pairing and it's potentially you're always going to have some some food on the table that when you're having the wine and the wine is designed to kind of go with with the food and but yeah so super interesting for me to finish I just really am write you to to draw out one or two of the I guess the key takeaways the things that came out of your presentation here that you think yeah maybe somebody who's looking ahead who's planning for for next year than the next sort of five years who maybe hasn't looked at Singapore and yeah what might you say to them to get them to consider or to take that first step okay so the the the big you know the most important takeaway really is make sure that you get the right importer because we've got over 400 people import wine into Singapore and that's for a country our size that's that's really quite an incredible number but many many are hobbyists so they do their day jobs and then they just bring wine in I mean fundamentally Singapore's GDP is is really driven by you know import/export business and so nearly everybody that you meet who's got their own business are some sort of in inverted commas businessman or businesswoman and they've started appreciating wine and they know they can bring wine in because it's very easy to get an import license so they can't see any problem why when they read about a Bordeaux that's best drunk after 10 or 15 years they think they can sort of slip it in with their shipment of silk or with their shipment of machinery parts and it's fine if it takes them 10 years to sell it because they've got that wine will last for 10 years but the most important thing is of course we're a country where we have a very tiny diurnal temperature range so we we vary from 30 degrees in the winter to 35 in the summer and our day and night falls from you know by about 3 or 4 degrees between the middle of the night and the middle of the day so having the right importer making sure that they're bringing your wine over in a reefer making sure that when it arrives on the docks it's going straight into air-conditioned warehouses is is really absolutely critical otherwise your wine is it's just going to be baked you know within days of getting there and then make sure you do some wine dinners or events particularly if it's a a new product in there to get people interested in it find find a match with the local food and host an event to show that that's actually happening and I think that's the really the biggest keys for full success there [Music] thank you so much a net this has been one that I've been looking forward to for a long time and I'm so happy we got the chance to sit down together at wine - wine do of course see below for Annette's contact details and given that this is the sixth part of my eight part series covering wine - I in 2019 if you have missed any other episodes of the series do be sure to head to interpreting wine comm slash wine - wine 19 this will take you to a playlist but will contain all eight episodes next time in the wine - wine series in episode 348 I sit down with Paul May brain CEO at Emma tree see you then

- A wine-lover's guide to Chianti | The World of Wine: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Kean is made in Tuscany and it's at its best with tuskin food think tomato and bread salad chicken liver crostini or roast suckling pig preferably with some Rolling Hills disappearing into the distance the heart of kianti lies in the Hills between Florence and Sienna it's a protected designation of origin known as kianti Classico and is home to some of the best wines you can also find Excellent Wines in the surrounding sub regions for example kianti rafina and kianti kisi the main grape in kianti is sanes in fact kianti Classico wine must contain at least 80% sanes by law but you won't find any reference to it on the label on the front of the bottle these wines are named for their region like Bordeaux or burgundy some Kean is robust enough to be aged for a decade or more developing complex flavors but there's also plenty of bright Lively Kean that is designed to be drunk young like this bibiano kianti Classico kianti is a tease of a medium boded wine it tastes of cherries black tea and church incense like many italian red wines it has needling tannins and Vivid acidity that cuts through your mouth making it incredibly refreshing to drink with food while some wines flop when you drink them with steak or acidic tomatoes Kean will only improve this is definitely a wine to accompany dinner it's got real bite it smells a little bit of dust and juicy cherries and also tiny hints of mushrooms and if you put it with a fat juicy steak that will really take down some of the acidity

- Vahe Keushguerian, Founder of WineWorks on the history of Armenian wine: Kind: captions Language: en how did I end up in one how did I come about here I started early on I was 19. I was I lived in Italy and I that's where I discovered wine Italian wine candy and then back to the States College waiter restaurant manager and I opened my own restaurant that was the in five or so was when I had Early Access to Wine to buying for my restaurant and then I made a bigger restaurant I got more involved and at some point I fell in love with the whole idea of wine I started the importing wine I left a restaurant I sold my share and I started importing wine from Italy from France into California and I think that wasn't enough I had to live in Tuscany so I packed my family and we went to Tuscany and it was the dark days in 94. every property was for sale in Italy so I leased Vineyards at least the winery I started making wine then it was I went to pulia I made wine there so that's how I got involved in 97 I came to Armenia to visit as a tourist and I was told that this is where everything started this is the ground seat of winemaking the history of wine making a viticulture not winemaking so Martin in love with the idea I came cutland planted Vineyards in 20 some years ago 25 years ago now and I came back in 2009 and I've been here ever since making wine for myself I have an incubator one that I make for other projects people who have Vineyards and want to make wine so roughly I'm 30 some years over 32 33 years I've I've been involved in wine why some people consider the origin of wine Armenia to be where it all originated there are two routes one is the mythological route that Noah went on the ark the flood and then it landed on Mount Ararat which is the highest peak around in this plateau and then he came down and the first thing he did was plant a Vine then of course everything is fast very quick in in the Bible and that he planted wine made wine he got drunk and so on and so forth so that's the mythological and it might be that there is some basis to that there must have been flooding somewhere around here and so on and so forth let's say but the truth remains that we talk we have the oldest Winery in the world which is in our any cave and that's dated carbon data 6100 years as the oldest evidence of wine making the true Pips stems petrified so with carbon dating they figured out six thousand one hundred so that's six thousand one hundred years of systematic winemaking it means big arm for a medium-sized some for a smaller arm for us so and I don't think you go from zero to amphora in two years so let's add a few hundred years if not a thousand years on that to reach that point so we thought it's around seven thousand eight thousand years of wine making two months ago Science magazine published an article which was a big collaboration between scientists from Armenia and around China and it and it they dated it to 11 000 years so now it is 11 000 years ago it is from these Foothills not Armenia purple because they can't identify but it was the foothills of Montara could be Georgia could be Northern Iran could be Armenia from here the vine uh probably the British vinifera emigrated to Western Europe and stuff eleven thousand years we might say what's the big deal it's a huge deal because it means that somehow The Grapes grown here found fertile land fertile in the sense that not quantity but that it had high acidity they had the right terroir to make the wine and and these wines were coveted and there's history to Babylon and so on and so forth so that makes it a a patrimony of sorts not ours but Global patrimony and the last Maybe 10 years is when the sense of Discovery experimentation came into it so there was thousands of years then we had around 78 years of Soviet rule where they cared but they really that didn't care that much whether there was some weird variety somewhere they wanted quantity they needed to take wine to Moscow to Saint Petersburg Armenia Georgia Moldova Ukraine had to supply all of these grapes to go to Russia so that now since Independence especially the last 12 13 years this wine Renaissance has happened in Albania and now we're rediscovering what we had and what's good to keep what's where to work on and stuff so that's the story overall the the Noah genetic uh now we have around 100 Armenian varieties that are genetic within fingerprinted in the old days we opened the book there was a drawing of a leaf the bottom of the leaf the the bunch and then description of the bunch that's how we said oh this is irony oh this is what scale now we're saying this is a clonophareni this is the other clone of adeni and their two they're both RNA or all of them or tosot or and then we can also say ah tozot and these white clips are related this and so we have a dental gram of all of this so it's a wonderful thing that it took 11 000 years to come here now how long hopefully we'll take another few thousand years you know our job now is this decade two generations what we can do in Armenia to to make great wine

  Top Comments:
  1. @miyaoberman3755: 😎❣🍇

- Building Wine Brands That Sell - Part 2 - Jane Anson The Wine Podcast E28: Kind: captions Language: en-US If I was creating a brand, if I had a client&nbsp; wanting to create a brand and they didn't&nbsp; have any vineyards or whatever,&nbsp; California, I would say, let's go out. You want to make a blend of, let's say&nbsp; we do a blend of Cabernet and Syrah,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I happen to love as a blend. Let's find some wine from here&nbsp; and from there and let's buy&nbsp;&nbsp; a ton of this and a ton of that or three tons of this. And that is how the Prisoner was invented. Dave Phinney the genius behind The&nbsp; Prisoner, which is on the great brands. Let's not forget. was sold for $40 million to one person,&nbsp; to one company, the Huneeus family. Everyone laughed at them. Everyone said, you could buy 20&nbsp; chateaux in Bordeaux for that. They bought it for $40 million, they&nbsp; increased production, and they sold it to&nbsp; Constellation for $247 million with no land. Welcome to the Wine Podcast. I'm Suzanne Mustacich your host. Today, my guest is Robert Joseph. He is The Wine Thinker He's a former wine critic. He's a journalist. He's a prolific author. He's a very successful consultant. He consults with large and small companies&nbsp; wanting to create either a new blend or new&nbsp; brand. And he's also created some very&nbsp; successful wines of his own. These are two of them right here,&nbsp; all without owning a vineyard. How does he do it? Let's find out. Now the question is say, okay, you don't own&nbsp; a vineyard but how do you source the wine? What are the options if you want to&nbsp; create wine for finding those grapes? So let's go back. I believe in terroir. I lived in Burgundy in the the&nbsp; haute cote a long time ago. So I absolutely believe in the difference&nbsp; in grapes from different vineyards. But I also am a realist and I've&nbsp; seen land, you look at Bordeaux land. In 1991 and now the value of Bordeaux rouge&nbsp; land has gone up by 30 % over that period. mean, inflation is worse than that if you like. Sauternes is worth, I think it's gone down by 90%. But basically there are not many people in&nbsp; many regions whose land value has gone up&nbsp; unless they're in Pauillac or then&nbsp; Vosne Romanée or they're in Napa. So if you're in the right place,&nbsp; and I always talk about land values&nbsp;&nbsp; as being like the monopoly board. If you get the dark blue ones,&nbsp; know, okay, you're great. But if you're in the pale blue, the brown&nbsp; ones, your land value is not gonna go up and&nbsp; you're gonna struggle to get the money you want. Essentially, as far as I'm concerned, I've&nbsp; never had the money to buy the dark blue. So what I want to do is to&nbsp; work with people who own land,&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally, but not necessarily own enough of it for a project to work. So in Languedoc we're working with a cooperative&nbsp; with 1,000, 1,200 members, 6,000 hectares&nbsp; of land at altitudes that go from 50 meters&nbsp; to 300 plus with lots of different grapes So from the get-go, we were talking&nbsp; to those people about, can we do this? Can we do that? Georgia, 1,600 hectares, not in one place,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is where we are in France, across the country, in the east, the west, and higher. And in both cases, I want to&nbsp; have a palette to work with. One of my favorite wines in the world is&nbsp; Grange, Penfolds Grange, and I was lucky enough&nbsp; to talk to Max Schubert, the man who&nbsp; invented it, and the subsequent winemakers. And they have a hundred&nbsp; different, different color paints. It's like an orchestra, you know,&nbsp; you're arranging and you say,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually, I just need a little bit of oboe there. need a bit this. So number one, as far as I'm concerned, whilst&nbsp; I love the idea of making Pinot Noir from&nbsp; one tiny vineyard, that's&nbsp; not where I am at the moment. So number one. Number two, crucially, we under understated&nbsp; this, having a winemaker who's not only a&nbsp; great winemaker, but who is imaginative, who actually is going&nbsp; to say, can we try this, can we try that? Or when I say, can we try this, can try that? They'll say, yeah, let's try it. And a lot of these ideas fail. But essentially, if you don't try, you don't know. Okay, what about buying&nbsp; bulk wine or a custom crush? um It's something I haven't done. But it's something I don't&nbsp; have a problem with at all. And it's interesting the difference between&nbsp; the view of bulk wine in Europe to the view in&nbsp; California. Because in California, this is the thing&nbsp; that happens a lot, which would be illegal in&nbsp; Bordeaux, I think, where um one Napa winery&nbsp; with a bit too much Merlot will put their Merlot on the market, and they'll buy&nbsp; some Cabernet from somewhere else. That is unthinkable in Bordeaux. So completely different way of&nbsp; thinking of, and also in America,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have people who make a living out of growing grapes. That is what they do. We have them in Europe, but in Europe,&nbsp; they're little members of cooperatives with&nbsp; basically five acres or less,&nbsp; maybe half an acre or whatever. So in Europe, we have&nbsp; cooperatives that make bulk wine. And the people we work with&nbsp; in Languedoc, Jean D'Alibert They have tanks and tanks and tanks of bulk wine. And to be honest, so our model from the beginning,&nbsp;&nbsp; since we don't own any land, what we do own, we own the brand and we own the distribution. We're actually selling the brand&nbsp; to the winery after the 20 years. But at the moment, up until now, we own the brand. So we have created this name,&nbsp; this label, everything about it. And then we go there and we say, hey, we want&nbsp; to make a blend of this and this and this. We spent a day there working on it several days. We involve our customers, we bring them into&nbsp; the winery, they taste with us and they say,&nbsp; actually, we want a fresher&nbsp; Sauvignon this year or this or that. And then we reserve that wine. That wine is reserved in tanks. We sell this wine at a price, even though it&nbsp; doesn't have an appellation, we sell it at a&nbsp; higher price than the AOP Minervois from the&nbsp; same region, from the neighboring vineyards. And we say, right, we're have X tanks of this. and Y tanks of that that we&nbsp; reserve from the latest harvest. If it goes wrong, if we have tariffs or&nbsp; something go on, the winery then ends up&nbsp;&nbsp; with the problem. It's not our problem. On the other hand, over 20 years, they haven't&nbsp; had those problems too often, and they can&nbsp; then use that wine in another&nbsp; blend for somebody else. One of the other labels. In the case of bulk wine, that may end up in&nbsp; a supermarket label somewhere as something&nbsp; else. So very different model. And if I was creating a brand, if I had a&nbsp; client wanting to create a brand and they didn't&nbsp; Dave Phinney, the genius. behind the Prisoner, is on the great brands,&nbsp; and let's not forget, was sold for $40&nbsp; million to one person, to one&nbsp; company, the Huneeus family. Chateaus in Bordeaux for that. So if somebody said to me, I want to create a... brand I would say let's go&nbsp; and buy grapes from here. In Europe we couldn't do that&nbsp; very easily or be much tougher. We would be buying bulk wine but&nbsp; there is really good bulk wine. I go to the bulk wine show every year and I'm&nbsp; absolutely dazzled by some of the quality of&nbsp; the bulk wine and it is worth saying that&nbsp; you can buy chateauneuf-du-pape in bulk. You can buy Chablis in bulk and you can&nbsp; definitely buy Bordeaux in bulk but not&nbsp;&nbsp; generally Pauillac But then there's a cooperative in Pauillac&nbsp; La Rose Pauillac you could buy some of that. Yep. Okay, so here's the big question. How are you most likely to lose money? Sorry, can I rephrase that question? How do you avoid losing money? when anybody says to me, and I&nbsp; meet a lot of people who ask me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you're buying a vineyard. And I say, have you thought&nbsp; of buying a yacht or a horse? And they go, sorry, what do you mean? I'm gonna buy a vineyard. So if you bought a yacht, you&nbsp; would know that it was a toy. and you know that you're gonna lose money&nbsp; on it, most likely, but you'll have fun. But a friend of mine, a great guy, Peter&nbsp; Sichel who died a few years ago, ex CIA, all&nbsp; sorts of stuff, he and his partners owned&nbsp; Chateau Fourcas-Hosten in Listrac one of the appellations in Bordeaux where I&nbsp; certainly wouldn't want to own anything. And he said, quite openly, he said, the two&nbsp; happiest days of my life were the day we&nbsp; bought it and the day we sold it. And actually the second of those was the&nbsp; happier one because it took a long time. So how do you avoid losing money? Number one. understand what you're doing&nbsp; and why you're doing it. Is this a hobby? you is this something you're passing&nbsp; on to your kids and your grandchildren? Or is it something that you&nbsp; actually want to see as a return? Nobody talks in the wine industry, we&nbsp; talk about AOP, DOC, QMP, all these. When I'm teaching students, say so ROI. doesn't return on investment&nbsp; is not part of the picture. So number one, what are you looking for? Do you want to get your money back quickly? If you're into private equity,&nbsp; you've got seven to 10 years. You want to turn this business around and&nbsp; you can do it very often through improving&nbsp; distribution, hopefully not cutting costs,&nbsp; but hopefully not cutting quality, but you may be able to do that. But if you're starting a brand&nbsp; from nothing, you're saying, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; how much money am going to put in? So this is relevant. Marketing, the wine industry spends in&nbsp; theory, officially between five and 7 % on&nbsp; marketing. Those figures, tend to come from the US. In Europe, it's about three. And that includes going to trade fairs and so on. So we're spending nothing on&nbsp; telling people to buy our wine. Spirits, 20%. Champagnes, 20%. One of the models here, if you're starting a&nbsp; new wine, you should be saying, gonna spend&nbsp; 20 % on selling this, telling&nbsp; people in the first year or two. Then we'll come down to ideally 10. puts this way outside the mainstream. So Whispering Angel is a great brand. A lot of effort went into getting people to&nbsp; buy Whispering Angel , and hey, presto, LVMH&nbsp; has bought into it. But most of us don't have that much money&nbsp; or don't want to spend it or our neighbors&nbsp; aren't spending it. And one of our big problems is we're selling&nbsp; too much wine through supermarkets who push&nbsp; our price down. Now, if we're talking, if we've got somebody&nbsp; who's got some money and wants to produce&nbsp; something super premium, then I'd&nbsp; be looking at direct to consumer. because everybody wants to&nbsp; sell direct to consumers,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we're gonna have to be a bit cleverer than the next guy. Because very crucially, this&nbsp; is a zero sum game today. Maybe 10 years ago, we were looking&nbsp; for new wine drinkers and we would be&nbsp;&nbsp; the first wine they bought. And China, India, all these places. We today, if I sell one bottle&nbsp; of K'avshiri or Le Grand Noir,&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately somebody else is probably not selling a bottle. It's like playing tennis. If you score a point, the other person has not. So essentially we've got to understand that. And we also have to understand&nbsp; the inflexible shelf. It's the same thing. So I make lovely wine. The guy or the person I&nbsp; want to sell it to can sell. 200 wines in their store or 300 wines&nbsp; in a wine list or whatever it is. If they take my wine, that's number 301. They don't have space for 301. So I have got to go in and to persuade them&nbsp; why my wine is necessary for them to sell. And then they have got to&nbsp; persuade their customer to buy. I would like to turn to your passion project,&nbsp; this wine from Georgia, because it is now&nbsp; it's made from a bunch of grapes that I can't&nbsp; pronounce, but it's from a country that's got one of our deepest, most ancient wine&nbsp; culture, hundreds of grape varieties,&nbsp;&nbsp; indigenous grape varieties. 510. I'll come back. the different terroirs. But just explain to me how&nbsp; you ended up in Georgia. Tell us the story of... wine. But can I go&nbsp;&nbsp; back to the beginning of your question,&nbsp; which is this is my passion project. One of the first things I say when I'm talking&nbsp; to clients or possible clients, whatever,&nbsp; when people talk about passion, I start to&nbsp; say, let's take this out of the equation. The world is full of people who are passionate&nbsp; about writing poetry or books or painting&nbsp; paintings, and most of them do it really badly. And there are, hate to say it, but&nbsp; there's some really good winemakers. this is a really good... Thank you, but my point about it is passion,&nbsp; it's great to have it, but there are a lot of&nbsp; people out there who just do a great&nbsp; job and they're not necessarily that You're to have your feet on the&nbsp; ground and this is a business. So how did this, it's a nice story. I was doing some consultancy for the country&nbsp; of Georgia, the national wine agency. And that meant I was hanging&nbsp; around the wine fairs and so on. And I knew a lot of the winemakers. And I happened to be standing next to this&nbsp; young guy, Vladimer Kublashvili And he showed&nbsp; me some of the wines and he gave&nbsp; me a wine I hadn't had before. And it's called Aladasturi&nbsp; And I'd never heard of it. And I said, wow, this is good. This is really. And when you, it's a bit like saying, your&nbsp; kid can play the piano and what you normally&nbsp; say, thank you. That's nice. He didn't. said, well, it's difficult. It's a like, you know, my kid can play the&nbsp; piano, but he's a really not easy to get on&nbsp; with. Really? What do you mean? He said, well, it's a late&nbsp; ripening grape in a damp region. So we get problems with rot&nbsp; and it's a really, okay. And why are you telling me this? He said, well, what I do is we. We pick the grapes at around 10.5 % alcohol&nbsp; and we hang them in an open-sided barn for 10,&nbsp; 11, 12 days until they get to about 12 %&nbsp; and they're shielded from the bad weather. And then we put them in the amphora&nbsp; the qvevri and we ferment them. I said, that's really good. Is that traditional? He said, no. And I said, well, how come you're doing? He said, well, you know, I've been to&nbsp; Italy and I've seen what they do there. We're not doing what they do in Italy because&nbsp; in Italy you want them to shrivel and become&nbsp; like raisins. His don't. And I thought, you you are my kind of person&nbsp; because I love chefs and I love mixologists. And I get frustrated with wine people who&nbsp; go, I'm going to make a Cabernet Merlot,&nbsp; Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot blend. Why? Did Moses come down the mountain&nbsp; saying, God gave French the wine making. let's say we're gonna do a co-ferment. We don't do co-ferment, but&nbsp; we're gonna do co-ferment. What's a co-ferment? Co-ferment, black and white grapes. Well, that has to be Syrah Viognier. Which God said, Viognier grapes, Syrah grapes? I remember the great Peter Lehmann,&nbsp; producer in Australia, said he'd&nbsp;&nbsp; made a Muscadel Syrah blend, co-ferment. Worked brilliantly. There's lots of co-ferments that work. So to me, having somebody who understands&nbsp; that the rules aren't rules that don't need. So that was where I came from,&nbsp; here, somebody who really got it&nbsp;&nbsp; and was up for a challenge of doing something new. Secondly, I'd been going to Georgia, I was&nbsp; fascinated by these things, but Aladasturi&nbsp; there's 38 hectares, like, what's that, 90&nbsp; acres, 100 acres or whatever, in the world, it's all in Georgia. So we're working with tiny little fraction. So these are rare grapes. Rare grapes that people, so Georgia&nbsp; says it has 510, 525 grapes. They use about 12 of them. Italy uses more different&nbsp; grapes because it's quite hard. Now the thing is the Georgians, I don't think for&nbsp;&nbsp; a very good reason, tend to sell the wine generically by grape variety. So you can go and get a Rkatsiteli or&nbsp; a Mtsvane or Tsolikouri or whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; unpronounceable for most of us. And it's not. I'm not sure that they're&nbsp; necessarily best on their own. Why are we doing it? Well, because we do Cabernet&nbsp; Sauvignon, we do Chardonnay. But of course in the West, in&nbsp; Australia, California, whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; your Cabernet Sauvignon may not be 100%. It's going to be a blend,&nbsp; like my Chardonnay Viognier. In Georgia, my Tsolikouri tends to be 100&nbsp; % Tsolikouri, not mine, but the ones that&nbsp; they're Blending to me actually&nbsp; can improve those wines. And the last thing to say about this project,&nbsp; which was one of the magic things was that&nbsp; Vladimer Lado is the Georgian name, has&nbsp; been given the leeway by the owners. They are also Hugo Boss in Georgia. They have hotels, they have an apple farm. They've let him play. And so one of the ways in which they&nbsp; let him play is we actually store wine. So, In this wine here, this is the 2023&nbsp; assemblage, not a vintage, multi-vintage. 10 % of that is wine from 2017. Also, yeah, that's what everyone says. Everyone says, no one says&nbsp; Vega Sicilia Vega Sicilia,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty famous, pretty successful with a multi-vintage blend. Why doesn't everybody else do it? Oh, well, know, people want a vintage. Do they? They pay a lot of money for Vega Sicilia. Why do I do a multi-vintage? We have something called climate change. One year here, we actually had one of our grapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; the one Georgian grape whose name really works is Kisi, K-I-S-I, lovely grape. It's not that much of it, a couple&nbsp; of thousand hectares probably. In one year, my partners lost 200 hectares&nbsp; of it through hailstorms, five hailstorms. We could not have put it into the blend that&nbsp; year if we'd wanted to, but we had some from&nbsp; the previous year and the year before. this was, what I would say is I've been writing&nbsp; about wine for a long time and when I was&nbsp; a critic, not, I don't know, I'm not very&nbsp; proud to say this, I would actually say to people when they give me their&nbsp; wine, I'd say, I really like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but have you thought about blending it? It's like, you know, if you thought about&nbsp; changing the clothes you wear, well, it's rude,&nbsp; to be honest, but I used to do it. I couldn't help doing it. And sometimes they go back and they&nbsp; say, you know, last time you came,&nbsp;&nbsp; you said, do this and we're doing it. And I'll help. I made you do something that's&nbsp; gonna make you go bankrupt? I don't know. But basically, I've always been&nbsp; fascinated with the concept of wines. My brand is being the wine thinker. And what these wines are, immodestly or&nbsp; honestly or whatever, they are three dimensional&nbsp; embodiments, iterations of ideas I have had. If they work, that's great. And if they fail, and some&nbsp; of them will have failed,&nbsp;&nbsp; then that's part of the process of being in the business. But in wine, we have this idea that there's a&nbsp; model, follow that model and you'll be okay. Sadly, in this industry where we are in&nbsp; Bordeaux, there used to be 20,000 individual&nbsp; estates. These days, I think there's&nbsp; between four and 5,000. Do we need four to 5,000 people in one&nbsp; region making the same styles of wine? We don't. So essentially we're gonna&nbsp; end up with 1,000 or 1,500. And as we're speaking today, a&nbsp; Bordeaux chateau will disappear&nbsp;&nbsp; and another one tomorrow and one yesterday. So it's not easy and people like me are&nbsp; coming along and creating new wines. So we're making it worse. Well, OK, no, yes, and no,&nbsp; my George has produced wine. For 8,000 years. Exactly. So you're just, you're bringing them to the world. I'm just wondering, okay, so this is a blend&nbsp; in different, there's different ferments,&nbsp; right? There's different grape&nbsp; varieties from different regions,&nbsp;&nbsp; different altitudes, different soil and different aging, right? Because some are in the amphora in the ground. when you say to people, Georgian wine, oh,&nbsp; that's all those, and four of those, qvevri,&nbsp; and I say, yeah, that's 5&nbsp; % of Georgian commercial. We do, we put actually, there's&nbsp; roughly 10 % in that bottle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we do some skin ferment in stainless steel. So there's about 15 % of it. Why isn't it 100 %? And I love some of those wines, and my partner&nbsp; makes a lot of those wines, because I don't&nbsp; think most people who are coming new to&nbsp; Georgian wine actually want that, like it. You know, it may be a one-off experience. I want it to be there sufficiently&nbsp; for it to be part of the picture,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not essentially to be the thing. So would it work potentially for there to be&nbsp; the creation of a uh Georgian white blend,&nbsp; red blend? Would that be a shorthand for a consumer? So you don't have to every, on the&nbsp; back label, you'd list all of the&nbsp;&nbsp; grape varieties, but not on the front. Could you say that? mean, that be a way to reach Western consumers? think it's growing now, but&nbsp; I've done some work for Moldova,&nbsp;&nbsp; the country of Moldova, which is the poorest country in Europe. And they can make really nice&nbsp; wines and who knows about them? Who's heard about them? And everything that we were&nbsp; talking about them is blending. make really good blend. the thing about being a blend, what I&nbsp; like about being a blend is you own it. If I'm Chablis if I'm a Chablis and I'm a&nbsp; Chardonnay, I am just one of that range. We talk about what is a brand. I think it's important to talk about that. As far as I'm concerned, you can say a brand,&nbsp; think Bezos said a brand is what people say&nbsp; about you when you're not there,&nbsp; which I quite like as an idea. And other people talk about it, it's part&nbsp; of the real estate of somebody's brain. But to me, if you're a brand,&nbsp; you're not a commodity. Go and buy some apples from the store. They're apples. Pay a bit extra for pink lady apples. And some, you the grower is selling his&nbsp; apples because they've got Pink Lady on them. And there's a budget to promote Pink Lady. And that to me is being a brand. what I do, whether it's writing books&nbsp; or it's consultancy or whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to be a bit of a brand. You're a brand. Jane Anson is a brand. And so essentially we need to&nbsp; understand that and then also&nbsp;&nbsp; understand what that brand represents and to whom. Well, for our entrepreneurs who are out there,&nbsp; Was this a good time to get into business? What are your thoughts on that? What are the headwinds? What are the opportunities? Well, firstly, you want to be at the top&nbsp; end or the bottom end of this market. You don't want to be in the middle. the being the best part of wine to buy&nbsp; as a consumer is where the value is,&nbsp;&nbsp; is in the middle. Let's say above $20 and going&nbsp; up to maybe 50 or whatever. But essentially you want to be above or below. There are always going to be enough&nbsp; rich people to buy the top end if&nbsp;&nbsp; you can actually brand it right. It may not be as, $200 for Napa Cabernet may&nbsp; be too much, but there'll be people who buy&nbsp; the top end. And if you can get the bottom&nbsp; end right, then you can be there,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the bottom end is really tough. Is it a good time to get in? Well, land prices are going down. People are drinking less. We have a lot of things heading&nbsp; in our direction at the moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I'll do very quickly. We have climate change, which&nbsp; makes it very difficult to do it. We have politics. We have tariffs and so on. We have people drinking less&nbsp; wine for various reasons. And one of those reasons is, and&nbsp; people talk about this a lot, World Health Organization, fear of cancer. And then the other thing is young&nbsp; people aren't drinking wine, Gen Z. I don't think the Gen Z people&nbsp; are not drinking wine because&nbsp;&nbsp; they're scared of getting cancer when they're 60. I think there are other reasons. And one of those is actually this, the smartwatch. The smartwatch will tell you you&nbsp; didn't sleep well last night. And you will know that you didn't sleep well&nbsp; last night because you had a few drinks. So there's a whole lot of people&nbsp; and not just those young people at&nbsp;&nbsp; various ages who have now given up drinking basically Sunday through Thursday. Okay. that's relevant because we're expecting people&nbsp; to do a lot of wine drinking on the last&nbsp; bit of the week. Then we've got this other thing, which&nbsp; is the weight loss drugs, GLP-1s. And there is definite proof uh through&nbsp; research that this takes away people's&nbsp;&nbsp; taste for alcohol. It also very often may actually make them&nbsp; obviously eat less because that's part of it,&nbsp; which may mean they go to restaurants less. Right. They do that, where are they drinking the wine? So these are reasons for not&nbsp; getting into this business today. On the other hand, everybody says,&nbsp; get in at the bottom of the market. And I don't think we've hit&nbsp; the bottom of the market. I think we're gonna see those weight loss&nbsp; drugs having more impact over the next year or&nbsp; so. I think if I were getting into this&nbsp; business, I would wait a year or two. But I think yes, there is going to be a market. I've done it, I'm investing in the wines. I'm looking at a new project or two. But A, you're not gonna get&nbsp; your money back tomorrow. It's a long play. And B, you need to understand exactly&nbsp; where you're gonna be in this market&nbsp;&nbsp; and to really get that right. And be prepared, and this is also relevant. Be prepared to pivot. So I talked to uh Stephanie&nbsp; Gallo and she says, Gallo,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they have a lot of brands, they say, we know who each wine is for. We do a lot of research, we do it&nbsp; in one state, we do various things,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sometimes we get it wrong. And she said, I think, she told me there was&nbsp; one wine that we thought was gonna be for&nbsp; soccer moms. And we found it wasn't. It worked, it played really&nbsp; well with the gay market. Now, what do you do? Do we actually think, we've gotta&nbsp; work harder to get the soccer&nbsp;&nbsp; moms to buy the wine we thought was for them? Or do we say, hey, these people love our&nbsp; wine, let's give them the wine they love. I'm So that as far as I'm concerned, we&nbsp; are in the entertainment business. And I think the moment you understand that, A,&nbsp;&nbsp; you understand that you make a lot of movies and they don't all fly. You print a lot of books and it'll fly. You work on the ones that do. But secondly, it's experiential. We need to give people an experience. And if we do that, if we can create a&nbsp; relationship of some kind with the consumer. which is what actors do,&nbsp; which is what filmmakers do,&nbsp;&nbsp; what writers do, then I think we can actually make a brand and make it work. But that, it's a big ask. The good thing to say though, anybody out&nbsp; there who wants to get into this business, so&nbsp; many people in this business are not interested&nbsp; in doing that, they're just interested in making lovely wine for&nbsp; themselves and their friends. And they're easy to compete with. Okay that's an interesting&nbsp; thought to leave them with. You have an upcoming book. I do. So this is something that actually,&nbsp; I've got three upcoming books. you do? I haven't done a book. have to say, I've done 25 books, none of&nbsp; them, not one book since 2002, think, 2003. All of those books were classic&nbsp; wine books, Regions, whatever. So since then, I've not been a wine critic. I've stopped doing that stuff. So now three books, first of which is this one. called Wine Thinking, which is a collection&nbsp; of stuff I've been writing for the last 20&nbsp; years, but it's not just a collection. It's about what we've, I think what&nbsp; we've got wrong as an industry and&nbsp;&nbsp; how we should be getting it right. it's broken down into different topics like that. Secondly, there's a book called The Wine People. And that is, it's a fun, I hope it's a fun book. It's about 200 different,&nbsp; they're imaginary people,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're people, there's images of them as we create them out of AI. but they're the people who make the wine, the&nbsp; people who sell the wine, and the people who&nbsp; drink the wine, and all these different people. And then lastly, I'm working with a partner&nbsp; on a book which is called Beyond Alcohol,&nbsp; which is looking at where we are going both&nbsp; with wine and other drinks and with the alternatives. So in other words, what we've&nbsp; seen is we've seen fruit flavored,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've seen bourbon barrel wines and so on. That's one strand and some light, Zero alcohol, mid strength, and that's a whole&nbsp; new thing that we're not talking about very&nbsp; much. Six percent, seven, eight, nine percent. A lot of people getting into that. I think I'm going to get into that. And then we've got these high strength. We're told that people,&nbsp; everybody wants lighter, fresher,&nbsp;&nbsp; something called XXL in the state, 16 % alcohol. So it moscato flavor with&nbsp; fruit, essentially fortified. It's huge success. I'm interested in those, whether I want&nbsp; to make them or not is another question. But I'm also interested in what we're&nbsp; calling the proxies, the alternatives. And those include something that again, I'm&nbsp; looking at producer, we're working to produce&nbsp; in Georgia, which is sparkling tea. Oh, fantastic. And why do we need all these&nbsp; zero alcohol wines and products? I'll tell you, there's a guy called&nbsp; Marc Almert who is the Meilleur&nbsp;&nbsp; Sommelier du Monde before last. And I did a public event with him in Paris. in which he was talking about zero alcohol wine. And he said, he's a lovely guy. He said, people ask me, you why am I doing this? He said, I'll tell you, I have to generate a&nbsp; certain amount of revenue every week for the&nbsp; owners of the restaurant where I work. And at lunchtime, I'm serving water. If I can give my customers something to drink&nbsp; that gives them pleasure, that goes with the&nbsp; food and that we make money on that makes my bosses happy and&nbsp; it makes the customers happy. So that's what I'm interested in looking at. Where are we going? I think for the last, you we've had a bump&nbsp; in the road, big bump in the road, when new&nbsp; world wines and varietals came along, an&nbsp; inflection point, if you like, in the 70s and 80s. I think we're at an inflection point today&nbsp; where the wine industry and indeed the rest of&nbsp; the alcohol industry is going&nbsp; through some big changes. And so for as long as I'm around, I want to&nbsp; try and record those and whether it's writing&nbsp; about them or helping through consultancy&nbsp; or whatever people negotiate it. This is the most exciting time in&nbsp; many ways to be in this industry. But it's also it's like sailing. You're sailing through some pretty choppy water. So when is the book coming out? This will be three months, um Wine Thinking&nbsp; It's basically going through some final&nbsp; editing now. And the Wine People basically September, I think. And I'm aiming for Beyond&nbsp; Alcohol to be September as well. So three books this year. But having said that, A, nobody's that surprised. We put out a Red, white and rosé at the same time. Here in Georgia, we had a year in between each. But secondly, they've been&nbsp; gestating for a long time. essentially, Wine Thinking is bringing&nbsp; together a lot of stuff I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking for a long time. But now I think is a good time to do it. I'm enjoying the conversation with&nbsp; people like you, with other people. Today, the world of wine is divided between&nbsp; the people who are thinking about it, is&nbsp; obviously my clan, and the people&nbsp; who are thinking, yeah, well just do. And this is cyclical thing. And I just say briefly, the people who say,&nbsp; you we've been through bad times before in&nbsp; wine, it's all going to be okay. So many of those people are the same&nbsp; people when I talk about climate change. So yeah, the climate's changed&nbsp; a lot in the past and so on. And I honestly, they're very nice people, a&nbsp; of them, and I'm really happy, but that's not&nbsp; the best conversation as far as I'm concerned. Well, listen, Robert, it's always&nbsp; fascinating to talk to you. You really are the wine thinker. You you're given a lot to think about. It's really interesting, all&nbsp; the projects you've got going. Thank you for joining us. Well, thank you. Thank so much for inviting me. I've loved this. Thank you so much and I love&nbsp; what you and Jane are doing&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm sorry if we've overrun on time but look at what we have. You're going to give our&nbsp; audience a lot to think about. I think between looking at the market,&nbsp; between how you actually create a wine, the&nbsp; nitty-gritty of it, the places it takes you&nbsp; in the world, the people you meet, the things to think about. Vietnam is a great market. know, basically, I struggle to sell&nbsp; my wine in Germany and in Britain,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm selling wine in Vietnam. And selling wine in Africa. You know, this is fun. Yeah, you somebody asked me what&nbsp; I liked about the wine business. said the people. Yeah. That's the adventure of it. And do you know what think about? Ghana, funerals. know, apparently a Ghanaian&nbsp; funeral is a bit like in Ireland. Everybody can come. Oh, there's a lot of booze. So, but just quickly, lightweight bottles. It's not working in Africa. You know, everyone says we've&nbsp; got to do this, et cetera. But if you want to sell wine, you've&nbsp; got to think very, very hard about what&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to sell. What do they want to buy? Again, lots and lots to think about. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you for joining us for that&nbsp; fascinating conversation with the&nbsp;&nbsp; always interesting Robert Joseph. I hope you enjoyed the episode. I hope you check out the rest of our episodes. Our show is produced in partnership with Wine&nbsp; Voices powered by Wine Searcher, the world's&nbsp; largest wine and spirits database. And we can give you a 10 % discount&nbsp; on their annual Wine Searcher Pro. subscription, just put in the code JaneWS&nbsp; at the checkout and follow the link in the&nbsp; description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @winesearcher: 🍷This episode is brought to you by iDealwine
iDealwine has kindly given a special discount, only available for Jane Anson Wine Voices listeners. Enjoy €50 off your first En Primeur purchase with code JANEANSON. Check the description for full details. 
 T&C apply*

- How to Connect with the Ultra Wealthy Through WINE (Even Without Drinking): Kind: captions Language: en If I lost all my contacts and [music] had to rebuild my ultra wealthy network from scratch all over again, one [music] of the ways I'll start with is with wine, even if I don't drink. In this video, I'll show you how wine becomes [music] a passport into rooms most people don't even know exist, and how you [music] can use it to attract high netw worth clients, investors, and highc caliber partners. Hi, I'm Vanessa, former ultra high netw worth [music] private banker from Goldman Sachs. Over the last decade, I've hosted vineyard dinners in Bordeaux, closed [music] eight figure deals at sorted beast wine auctions, and watched clients move millions with [music] a single swirl of the glass. Now, it is a common fallacy that you have to drink in [music] order to succeed in terms of business or leisure. But actually that is not true because wine isn't just about alcohol. [music] It's about access, identity, and power. You just have to understand [music] the hidden language of wine that connects you with the ultra rich. Even if you haven't tasted a single drop, wine isn't just a drink. It's [music] a universal status language. Like art and yachts, [music] but more approachable. Why does the ultra wealthy love wine? Well firstly because in terms of legacy [music] wine is generational. Think Rothchild antori or domain de la roman [music] ki. Secondly is because of scarcity. Top wines are produced in limited quantities. [music] So you can think of it as petress screaming eagle or DRC. And thirdly is due to its tax-free [music] portability. You can move 500k in value in a six bottle ladder trunk. And lastly, it's due to cultural sophistication. [music] Knowing wine implies worldliness, heritage, and refinement. So what's [music] the psychology behind wine and wealth? Here's what it signals. For patience, [music] age wine equates to long-term thinking. And for discretion, labels known only to insiders like clo dear and msato. And generational perspective. Here's an elite social cue. You could ask, "What wine reminds you most of your family legacy. It open doors to deep trust conversations and far more than any sales page." For ultra high net worth wine patterns, they collect in themes such as birth years, anniversaries, and vintage portfolios and many own vineyards as a way to flex cultural capital. And here's how to network true wine without drinking. Firstly, you could attend wine tastings where you observe, listen, and ask insightful questions. You could volunteer at private auctions like Christies, Solders Beast or Napa Premiere and host non-alcoholic pairing dinners and host non-alcoholic pairing dinners. You could learn the wine language like tanin verticals on premier and decanting and build a seller vision board by creating your dream seller on Pinterest. You could prep before events by researching the host wine served and expected guests as well as knowing wine eticate such as holding glass by the stem. Avoid talking price and respect tasting rituals. If you don't drink, you could order a mocktail, but engage deeply. And you could follow up by referencing the wine in your thank you email and having wine conversations trigger lasting impressions more so than drinking the wine itself. So, end of the day, it's all about social fluency more so than whether you drink. And here's where the ultra wealthy meet over wine. They meet in wine networking hotspots in Europe such as Chateau Smith Lafit, San Aong estates and Monaco yacht tastings. In the US it's Napa Valley Reserve, Meadowwood and Cult wine events. And in Asia, it would be Penfo Red Club, Tokyo Salons, and Singapore elite dinners. And here's a social cue. What you want to do is to comment on the terra, not the cost. You could say, "This reminds me of a cooler vintage from Burgundy." Instead of saying, "How much does this cost?" or "Is this expensive?" And for elite wine conversations that open doors, here are some prompt starters that you could use. You could ask, "Which wine do you associate with your first big deal? Do you prefer collecting or drinking?" And you could position with subtle status by quoting someone like Jean C. Robinson or Robert Parker. You could ask curious questions. How do you think climate change will affect Bodau in 2050? And you could also reference wine history. Did you try the 1929 Chateau Lour vertical and understand the bottle sizes right like Gerro Bomb and Methusella? Know when not to finish your glass and hold restraint and use prestige sparingly. Let them shine. Why do billionaires buy vineyards? because of status symbol legacy asset estate planning and global power move a client once gifted Roman Conti to every board member and it wasn't just fine it was a power flex you could have score stopping story expansions what else can you say at wine events do say what drew you to this region do you collect verticles have you explored a certain wine and don't say like I don't really know wine even if at least have the ability to have a conversation about it. And this is what gets you invited even if you don't drink. And here's what they silently notice. They notice how you hold the glass, whether it's by the stem or the bow. Uh if you smell the cork, if you talk terra, not the price, and if you recognize regional cues, like this smells ronish. And here's the unspoken status quotes in wine. that vintage is not necessarily automatically better and restrain signals power. Sending wine ahead of a meeting means a highlevel social cue. And lastly, refined pairing is more important than a flashy bottle. The moment you master the quotes of wine, your next investor, luxury partner, or ultra high net worth client becomes inevitable. They don't want to be peach. They just want to feel understood and seen. In my course, Elevating Circles, you'll learn how to decode high status behaviors, build trust with ultra- high netw worth individuals, and speak the silent languages of wealth. This is your new edge, your unfair advantage. So, I'll put the link for elevating circles below so you can check it out. And in my next video, I'll be showing you how to connect with the ultra wealthy through yachts, even if you've never stepped on one. We're talking charter psychology, maritime social cues, and the quotes of super yachts. So, subscribe, hit the bell, like this video, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessajetsets: Do you have a favourite wine that you like to drink?

- Wine wealth management: Kind: captions Language: en so um one of the other things that we did very early on is we kind of decided that this platform needed to be a software as a service that other people could use to engage and like with their clients so what we've discovered over the last year since we were launched with our full proposition of portfolio management trading exchange and everything else that goes around that stuff is that there are people that really do want to add vals that do want to give them more of what they want and that's true both in terms of line market and that's true in terms of markets like publishing um and we're really interested in the market of private wealth management private clme Wealth Management multi multif family offices that whole Market where where people's wealth people's lives in many instances are being looked after by organizations who do just that and you know and I'm and I'm and I'm one of them you know I have I have have somebody who belongs to a Swiss firm who tries to do that for me and sometimes it's great sometimes it's a bit annoying but generally it's you know generally generally it's a good experience what they're trying to do is they're trying to manage people's lives through their wealth and make it easy for them to do the things that they want to do so that kind of begs the question you know what about that kind of Fringe around High net worth individuals well you know it's it's not necessarily where you know the core prophets of course are likely to come from for a multif family office or or a wealth manager but question is is that the point I suppose um thinking about actually managing that last 10% you know what are your what are clients of wealth managers doing with the Fringe of their money that they kind of play around with and do they have the tools and the rigor and all the rest of it to kind of keep on top it the answer is clearly no I think we' firmly Illustrated and demonstrated um that so is there a role that they can to help them do that and bring some of the tools to those clients to help them do what they love and enjoy better not necessarily giving them any advice of course not getting involved in the whole kind of regulatory thing after all you know know what's Julius Spar doing sort of giving advice about you know which vintage of obri buy next or whatever but um but actually being able to engage emotionally and socially with a group of high networks who if the spars dat is any to go by have an interest in line quite broadly across across um the inso face and providing another way we think potentially for wealth managers to differentiate so you know I understand talking to a number of wealth managers it's quite a hard Market to differentiate services and yet to be able to bring value to private clients around the things that they absolutely love that excites them seems to me an interesting hook to build and deepen a relationship with them um of course um there's also the collateralization aspect and I gather that there are some there are some wealth managers who who use the portfolio as a means to um collateralize when somebody needs a short-term loan for a significant business venture or whatever it may be so you know why not why actually there are businesses in London springing up that are presenting themselves as specialists in collateralizing why that seems mad to me you know why wouldn't that be part of the established Wealth Management role to do that particularly when the percentage that people are prepared to collateralize against is probably no more than about 40 or 50% um yeah it's a protection income stream as well no one's going to turn down money of course these days but perhaps you tell me perhaps not the most important so some of the white labels that we have been doing for people we recently done a white label for the Wall Street Journal who uh also understand that their readers love wi they recently did an ebook on wine collecting Wall Street Journal this is this is fascinating they rolled that ebook out across all of their editions us Europe Far East there was only one ebook that got more downloads in the history of all ebooks Happ W Street Journal and that was the ebook of Nelson Mandela after his death so is there broad based widespread interest in wine my god there there really does seem to be so they've taken a white label they've done it because they really want to engage with their readers and they want things that are interactive they're great at telling stories but telling stories isn't really an interactive exercise um managing and enjoying and building and tracking your wine collection is so that's why they um corny and Barrow the um second largest wine merchant in the UK by appointment to her majesty Queen and Prince Charles very solid business have 7,000 customers who hold Wines in reserves they're the agents in the UK for shatow Peto for domains of alom Conti um for theog for a whole range of iconic and they came to us in order to bring more value to their customer base because they knew that this is what that their Private Client Services were after and they simply couldn't deliver it so um

- Bordeaux Wine: A Fine Way to Wealth.: Kind: captions Language: en investment with us so what i want to demonstrate to you today is how we go about doing that and um explain to you a little bit more about the wine market the majority of you probably don't have wine in your portfolio i think that's a probably a fair assumption um a lot of my you know my clients prior to coming to me they invested the lion's share of their portfolio in assets mainstream markets equities real estate etc but you know i'm a firm believer that if you want to achieve different results you need to think differently and certainly wine as an asset class i will demonstrate to you is demonstrating the kind of results which is gaining more and more attention so if we look at would i invest in it's a separate issue we always say drink what you like but invest in order because a commodity can have a paper value it means very little unless you have a buyer to realize that when we look at 98 percent of investment wines the most traded wines in the world 98 come from border so it stands to reason that if you want to invest in white the bordeaux region is the one to focus on primarily if not exclusive yeah let's just have a look at production level i mean we've been talking all day about sort of you know supply and demand we've been talking about tools that negate uh the effects of inflation and poor interest rates let's look at why this instrument why why how can wine actually do this how can wine beat inflation why is wine meeting inflation how is it negating bad interest rates it's simple supply and demand the production levels of these wines are so infinitely low fifteen thousand cases annual production should be uh chateau luffy eighteen thousand platoon twelve thousand margot ten thousand cabrio and twenty thousand uton now you walk into we talked to earlier early consumption jacobs creek i'm sure that's a name that you've all seen on the shelves correct jacob's creek yeah can anybody guess how many cases of wine the year jacob's creek produces has it a guess anyone 200 000 okay who said that okay jacob's creek a year produces five million cases of wine five million now you look at those five million versus fifteen thousand and you get an understanding of why these these wines are truly exceptionally red what these wines represent history class culture tradition you are not buying wine you're buying what it represents it has an intrinsic value and when the commodity has an intrinsic value it will always have a cashback to someone warren buffet has been mentioned a few times today i call him buffet because we're talking about french white so i'll pronounce it the french way as opposed to buffet i can't anyway we won't go there but warren buffet says i don't like gold it just sits there it twinkles it what can you do with gold not a lot why but you can drink it just in returns you will not get aggressive returns but what i can provide you is a low volatility market a market with low correlation to the macroeconomic situation that will ascend in time gradually it's a patient man's game the longer you wait the more returns you will see why every time somebody pops a bottle it's you you're the one that should be having the part because every time somebody pops a bottle your wines are sitting in storage in a government bonded regulated warehouse becoming rarer that's what these wines are rarity back see even the angels are singing they're so happy about this news okay you would have an investment if you had invested in wine you would have had an investment that beats the s p 500 by over 100 or the sti by 75 in the last five years look at what happens in 2008 i was spoken about earlier today 2008 of course was it was a calamitous time everything took a hit wine took a hit as well but wine took hit off up to 30 percent examine that vis-a-vis traditional mainstream markets values of mainstream markets were wiped off overnight between 60 70 80 percent wine lost 30 yes with lehman brothers collapsed everybody was in the state of panic and everybody started selling wine lost only 30 interesting to know journalists and commodities analysts financial times they noted they made a very salient observation they said that why was the last market to fall and the first to recover why is this historically the long-term success of fine wine as an asset class is difficult to argue with in the past five years the london international fitness exchange index has increased by 166 beating all of the major share indices including the ftse 100 and the s p 500. major financial institutions mainstream financial institutions bmp paribas associates general i'm dealing with standard chartered at the moment they are incorporating border-wide border way not chilean wine or wine or romanian wine or whatever bordeaux wine into managed funds for their high net worth plans do you think that bmp paribas or societe general standard chartered want to compromise their relationship with their high net worth clients their ultra high net worth clients no they don't that's why they stick with bordeaux it comes in a prize process we're only ever a phone call away um the wines are sourced x chateau this is very important i need to talk about this why the source exchange exchange is basically latin it means direct from the chateau direct from the house effectively and we ensure authenticity and providence now what is that what is authenticity and prominence in the world of wine provenance is ensuring that your wines are stored in the optimum condition light temperature humidity etc i'm going to explain it like this if there is a margo 04 and a margot two two lots of margo twelve bottles of margo or four twelve bottles of margot before one has been stored with guaranteed provenance from the likes of jf hillybrand for example and the other one it's been kept in a private seller somewhere both are margo04 when it goes to sotheby's or christie's auction house i'm just giving an auction house example the one that has been stored at um the jf hillebrand will fetch the better hammer price because so that's effectively it ladies and gentlemen um if you are looking for a an asset class that can negate uh inflation combat poor interest rates if you're looking for an asset class with low correlation to mainstream markets if you're looking to make some serious returns right consider wine simple thank you for your time thank you very much

- Sommelier Secrets to Investing in Wine with Mario Matavesco | How to get RICH with WINE: Kind: captions Language: en Justin Donald: And for those of you listening that you love wine, you love to drink wine, you love to entertain with wine, but you also love the idea of potentially, you know, investing in wine as well. I have found that, you know, one of my hobbies, which is learning more about wine, trying amazing wine I'm able to do for free, because if I buy enough wine that over time becomes more valuable, I can sell a part of my allocation to cover the cost of the wine that I consume. And so for me, I don't necessarily have to make money. It's kind of fun breaking even, but in many instances, like I'm accidentally making money, you know, my my cellar has gotten pretty big with Mario's help and and finding the right deals, you know, as he's my personal sommelier and, you know, manages my cellar. And so we're able to get these incredible deals. He tells me, you know what bottles I should pick up more of or what, you know, maybe is a vintage that didn't perform as well. And so now I have this ability to pursue one of my hobbies and one of my favorite ways to connect with people and just, you know, really just dive deep into relationships with people I care about. And I get to do it in a way with wines that they likely have never experienced before, will never get to experience, would have no ability, maybe in many of their cases, to have access to this wine. And through investing in it, I'm able to break even or even profit through this process. So, you know. Thanks, Mario, for your help. You've got a bunch of tricks of the trade and I think it'd be fun to to, you know, share one or two of these that you think are game changers for people in the way that they drink wine and just deals that they can get. Mario Matavesco: Yeah, kind of. I think the big one, it's funny, I do kind of this, I do a few different classes that I like to go to is is places that I seen really kind of resonate with people in general. And there's there's one I call that, you know, just simple sommelier secrets and and it's just kind of things that I've picked up over the years that really make a very, very big difference in just one, buying wine, saving money. And two, once you get it, how to get more out of it. And I think, let's say the first when it comes to buying wine, I would say the wine searcher app and we can put a link to it, justin. But the wine searcher app is so valuable. If you use it correctly and you understand its limitations. It really is a very powerful app because what wine searcher does, they don't sell anything. What they do. It's a company based out of Australia. Every night their servers will scrape pricing for every single alcoholic beverage on the Internet, whether you know, it's wine, vodka or whatever it is. So, every day what you have is if you plug in Chateau Montelena 2007, you will get a list of where you can buy that right now, today, for how much, and that's very valuable because, you know, what is a wine worth? It's basically worth what you can afford to buy it for anywhere right now. Right. So, hey, I've got a case of this for this price. Well, let's see. First thing I do is I go to Wine Searcher. Now, there are some limitations, right? So first of all, it puts in every state. So there are some states that don't ship to your state. And the terrible thing is, it always seems like those states seem to have a much lower price on that wine than what you can buy it for in your state. A lot of people are like "Hey, it should be lower." Okay. So be mindful of that. We should probably Justin, at some point, do a virtual class on just Wine Searcher, just to learn how to really master it so that you can really learn how to get the most out of it. The second limitation is that even though it has prices, it doesn't have... You don't know the quality, right? And the really are, when it comes to buying wine, generally speaking, I like to think there's three different quality levels and there's three different prices, which are all fair at that quality level. So at the very top is where you get the wine directly from the chateau, directly from the winery or directly from the importer that got it from the chateau in their warehouse, okay? And then, you know, it came straight to your, to your cellar, your house, whatever. And you know that the provenance or how it was managed or was kept is immaculate. And I'll tell you, it makes a big difference. I encourage people to spend a little more money on wine, not necessarily look for the best price, but make sure that where you're getting it from is a reputable retailer. Or more importantly, if you can get it directly from the winery chateau or whatever, you're even better off. And I think that deserves a premium, right? The second is where you feel it's a pretty good retailer. Maybe, you know, not quite directly from the chateau, the winery or whatever, or one of the top, top retailers that you feel they're pretty solid. Their prices should be lower. But also keep in mind, maybe you know, keeping it at a cellar temperature was a constant throughout. But maybe it was in a minimal way that didn't exactly affect the wine. But there may have been some variation that was kept but minimal. And then lastly is really tough, because I know a lot of people do this. They buy cellars and then they go online and on Wine Searcher, you see them, right? It's like wine collectors, blah, or whatever. And with these companies are people that are selling wines. They went to a cellar, they bid on the cellar, they bought it, and then now they're turning around and selling it to you. I think this is where you can kind of get burned because I love it whenever you talk to somebody about wine, I knew about this wine, blah, blah, blah. "Oh, it was sold perfectly." I'm like, "Sure." Right? I mean, of course everyone's going to see that. But all it takes is, you know, a half an hour, you know, in a room that's too hot or whatever. And all of a sudden that wine that may have been kept impeccably now is no longer the same wine. So it's important to make this distinction within Cellar Tracker. And that doesn't mean all the wines you get from these retailers that are buying cellars are bad. There's a lot of ways, you know, there are some that are more reputable than others. But this is the way I kind of like to break up the pricing. So as long as you understand that when you go to Cellar Tracker and you put in a wine, you need to ask yourself what condition is the wine I'm getting that I'm trying to find out what the price is. Is it top medium or lower end? And then their prices, you know, will be what you're kind of looking at. So those are kind of the two things. And the last thing is that a lot of times wine stores and retailers will leave a wine on even after they no longer have it. So, it isn't the end all, be all. But it is a quick way to get a very quick idea of what a bottle will cost and what you could get it for.

- How to Attract High Net Worth Individuals from Asia: Kind: captions Language: fr Asia's high-net-worth individuals, a market of discerning tastes and unparalleled expectations. Today, we delve into the art of captivating this audience, exploring how yachting charters can elevate their offerings to match the standards of the world's most coveted luxury brands. From discreet invitation-only previews to breathtaking fashion spectacles against the backdrop of iconic landmarks, luxury brands meticulously curate every touchpoint. It's about crafting an experience that mirrors the exquisite craftsmanship and unparalleled quality that define their legacy. Today, we'll dissect how a leading luxury brand orchestrates a bespoke experiential event to solidify its brand identity. Then, we'll translate these principles into actionable strategies for yachting charters, demonstrating how to create a luxurious experience regardless of budget. Let's begin our exploration with Maison Dior, a brand that masterfully evokes the romance and elegance of luxury train travel to reinforce its brand identity and ignite desire. We're traveling to Cannes on the Venice Simplon Orient Express. I think it's about 15 hours. 18 hours. There's gonna be a couple of activities happening on the train. Uh, I know there's a dinner tonight. Um, I'm very excited to see what they have in store for us. We got a spa there, uh, and I'm gonna have my facial treatments, and I'm going to be ready for Cannes. Alors, le Venice Simplon Orient Express, bah, oui, ça m'évoque beaucoup de films, du voyage, du Darjeeling Limited. And now, just doing it with Dior, it just makes the experience ten times better. Please, everybody onboard, get ready for departure. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome onboard. I wish you, to all your family, a bon voyage. Thank you. J'ai toujours rêvé de ce train, tout son imaginaire. J'ai eu la chance de, de le prendre plusieurs fois avant d'en devenir le chef. Et- à chaque fois que je monte à bord et que je mets la veste, à chaque fois, je me dis quelle chance, uh, j'ai. On n'a presque pas envie d'arriver à Cannes. Pourtant, on va au plus beau festival de cinéma du monde. C'est un voyage exceptionnel. Just absolute, like, astonishment. I don't think I've ever experienced or seen anything this glamorous and beautiful. It's every little detail taken care of, so I'm excited to see what it's all about tonight. To understand how this collaboration was recast for Asia, let's first consider three big trends influencing travel in this region. The current zeitgeist is defined by increased demand for travel, especially from China, a shift towards experiential luxury, and the growing influence of digital channels. Let's look at each one and then consider its implications for the charter business. The first trend is the increase in demand for travel and holiday adventure as the lingering effects of the pandemic recede into the background. We can better understand this impact by looking at some data from the recently concluded Chinese New Year holiday. Here we are looking specifically at travel numbers coming out of China. The total number of outbound trips showed healthy growth despite prevailing economic conditions. The extension of the holiday prompted travel to locations farther away with short, medium, and long-haul destinations gaining at the expense of next-door destinations such as Hong Kong and Macau. Another way of thinking about this data is to recognize that the contribution of Hong Kong and Macau, whilst still critical in absolute numbers, is flat from last year to this. The interesting growth story here is travelers to locales further abroad as people go in search of richer cultural experiences, and that brings us to the second trend. Choices about where to travel and what to experience may well have been shaped by people like the two women you see here. Social media, and especially RedNote, has emerged as the most influential channel for inspiring holiday decisions. Your HNWI customer decisions about travel and lifestyle are increasingly shaped online and what they are selling is clear, a culturally rich experience that allows her to feel immersed in luxury. The final trend to be embraced is the need to translate your boutique luxury experience into a format that resonates through digital media. As more and more experiential luxuries communicated through digital channels, your offering must be perfectly curated for this medium. Going back to our Belmond luxury train experience, we can see the effect this is having. The same journey you saw earlier in Europe has been recreated in Asia, this time winding its way through the tropical Malaysian countryside. Dior and Belmond have tapped into a thirst for this knowledge by building the platform, and now a network of influencers is helping to spread that message through their network of parasocial relationships. What you are seeing here is a search on RedNote for luxury train travel in Southeast Asia. The Belmond experience is front and center, helped along by willing network of content creators. From the perspective of a yacht charter, you have a tremendous amount of raw material to work with. The very nature of your service positions you to collaborate with food or beverage partners to craft a luxury experience, and there is a very healthy ecosystem of travel influencers available to help share this message. Beyond that, if you have additional funds to invest in paid media, you can work with partners to seek out your target audience, specifically. You can find examples of this framework in action wherever you see a luxury brand marketing to Asian customers, and I look forward to answering your questions about how you can join them.

- Investing In Wine: A True Alternative Investment with Anthony Zhang of Vinovest: Kind: captions Language: en our mission at brazilian advisor is to have a significant impact on the retirement crisis by educating and empowering financial advisors to better serve their clients we bring you industry thought leaders and experts to help you make a difference in the lives of your clients thanks for tuning in to this episode of the resilient advisor my name is jay coulter if i told you that there was an investment that had returned a thousand percent over the s p 500 for the past 20 years while having about a third of the volatility i'm sure that would catch your attention you would probably also think that it was some arcane cryptocurrency or gold or silver but it's not today i'm speaking with anthony zhang the ceo and co-founder of a company called vinovest they are a fintech platform that enables consumers to invest in wine anthony thanks for coming on to tell your story jay thanks so much for having me on board i'm excited to chat well this is unique like i told you in our pre-call normally if i'm interviewing a large cap growth manager i i'm a pretty good cadence on how to execute that type of interview this is completely new to me why don't we do it like this let's talk about the investment case for wine and then how investment advisors could help clients add it to their portfolio so let's start with the investment case what do you think the investment case for wine is absolutely so i think with wine there's a few key aspects right um a it's an alternative asset that has low correlation with the market b it also has low volatility so you're getting these really strong returns on their own but they're also really strong risk adjusted returns and i think number three is that it is a part of i think a glow a growing trend of collectibles becoming a bigger and bigger part of mainstream investing so we've got this other tailwind that i believe will start to push blind prices up higher and higher into the future and so what are some of the tailwinds that you think could help push those prices higher i think number one is really going to be global transfer consumption you're seeing a lot of emerging countries that have large wealthy millennial populations whether it be china or india or a lot of other cities in um in asia where people are starting to want to consume these luxury goods and especially when we're talking about investment quality wines these wineries they can't make any more grape juice they're providing the same plot of land for decades and because of also climate change it's getting hotter and harder the yields are getting lower and lower each year and they're producing wine at lower quantities when there's greater global demand for those wines okay so to be clear they're making less wine today than they did a decade ago yep because their harvests are getting hotter and hotter yields are getting lower and unfortunately they don't want to be able to you know farm other places that may be unsuitable for wine because that'll decrease the overall quality so when i think of wine i'm not a wine connoisseur but i think of the 20 bottle of wine i get at the grocery store i have a feeling that's not what you're talking about could you kind of help viewers and listeners conceptualize the type of wine you're talking about yeah so not quite grocery store wine the one that we're talking about usually is on allocation or on a mailing list a wine that typically is pretty hard to get your hands on because it either a is so rare or b is so expensive so usually the wines that we're talking about that are investment quality anywhere between 200 bucks a bottle and can get up to you know fetching hundreds of thousands of dollars a bottle uh but you know because there is a big range it also gives us flexibility when we're working with different clients designing their portfolios for different needs different timelines as well as different price points but i think to unite the definition of investment grade line there's a few key criteria and i think number one is going to be the scarcity aspect they're not mass-produced they are very much so place driven uh they're have strong brand equity as well so that you can recognize this wine over others and then number three is going to be that they're agile so these are wines that are not meant to really be consumed on day one although you can they'll still be delicious but i think the important part of it is that wine ages right a 10 year old bottle of wine tastes different than a 30 year old bottle of wine and wine collectors and enthusiasts and fine dining establishments want to be able to allow consumers to experience that rare 30 40 50 year bottle which is why they become much more sought after when they're older so what are your thoughts around wine as an inflation hedge given the environment that we're in and we'll be in for a while i think that's why a lot of advisors are coming to us because there aren't too many other places where you can find inflation hedges and especially when you're looking at the historical performance of this asset class harkening back to say 0a09 or even the dot com crash when we were looking at huge drawdowns in global equities you know 40 50 during those two time periods wine was only down around 10 so it's proved through two cycles that it has been a pretty strong hedge against recessions and also against inflation uh during the run-up before that it's really hard to do a dividend discount model on a bottle of wine it's gonna be really hard to put a framework around it for a financial advisor come up with a price that matters and i can already see the cynical advisor saying well this is a greater full investment like you buy it today and hope that somebody else buys it later i know that you have much more meat behind that in terms of how you value it today and how that appreciation would go but for the cynical advisor listening what do you say to them as it relates to how to price it today and how they could expect to generate returns on that investment yeah i think for us we're looking at the sales right the consumption of that bottle of wine and thankfully there is a robust secondary market especially for these investment quality lines right you're not going to see much retail on you know your bottle of two buck chuck but if we're talking about a thousand dollar bottle of chateau la feet not only do you have strong secondary demand at all times but you also just historicals to be able to look back on right uh this wine has been producing for almost 150 years now and you can see what an average year five left feet looks like where your 10 of the feet looks like or even a year 20 so you can really model that all out and be able to look ahead with pretty high confidence on what that future price may look like and be able to price it accordingly get accurate mark to market on a weekly or monthly basis and be able to confidently talk to your clients about what their returns would look like all right and is your offering through financial advisors and direct to consumers it's both so we have a both retail and advisor facing platform all right so before we get into the advisor facing platform let's go through a little role play all right so i've have a five million dollar portfolio i manage my money myself and i i like wine let's say and so understand that there's a fine wine component to it but you know maybe i buy a hundred dollar bottle of wine on special occasions and i think okay i want to allocate a certain percentage of my portfolio to wine what's the process what are the risks and what's the experience so the process i think starts with knowing what you want to get out of this investment is this a five-year hold for you a 10 year old 20 year old and then looking at what else you have in your portfolio i think you want to determine how much risk you want to put on into this investment whether it be from an allocation standpoint or from an asset level standpoint because just like the stocks there are your equivalent of you know blue chips stable large cap wines these will be wineries coming from usually areas that have been producing wine for a long time we've got a lot of historical data and the outlook for that region is very stable on the other hand if you want to go a little bit more speculative or um you know have a little bit of a higher appetite for risk there are your emerging regions or your wineries that have just gone over new ownership and are looking to really aggressively change their investment outlook so those wines can be part of a diversified wine portfolio that can give you some risk as well as your sort of blue chip stability for the asset class so that's really the process that we want to take the individual investor or the ria through to determine what's that best portfolio construction because just like bonds there are ones that can hit their uh their peak maturity periods in say five years versus ten years versus ten twenty years so we've got that flexibility there and then when we're looking at the risks of the asset class number one is going to be storage because wine is um you know it's a real living thing that can get damaged right if you are in a too hot of a condition too cold of the condition too much or too little humidity or even something like uh exposing it to direct sunlight all that can damage the wine and can render that investment to be close to zero so proper storage and insurance on that storage is going to be really crucial number two is going to be the provenance so where did the wine come from uh a wine that we source from your basement is going to have a different retail value than the wine that's sourced direct from the winery sellers so at vinovest we really care about a where is this one coming from and b how was it stored before we acquired it and we want to make sure that both of those are in excellent condition to be able to ensure for the maximum resale value of that particular line so you build a diversified portfolio diversified geographically diversified by age and diversified by it sounds like storage facility and then they're all insured so i would imagine that your returns are impacted by the insurance and the storage facility but you're still able to generate excess returns historically than traditional equity investments so that if you think of this as an alternative investment in a broaderly diversified portfolio it gives you the opportunity for some alpha and an inflation hedge did i articulate that correctly perfect better than i could have said it myself awesome and then can you consume your own investment yes you can so that's the fun part where someone's going to drink it at the end of the day and at vinovest we've been able to structure this offering so that if you wanted to say take a few cases and celebrate an anniversary or maybe save it for a child's graduation as a present you can absolutely take some of that from our facilities and we can help to arrange to get a ship to your home uh of course that does literally mean drinking your profits away but uh you know it's it's a passion asset for some people as well and we want to be able to give that optionality to the people who do see it as a way to make money and also a way to have some fun a passion asset i like that term you might want to trademark that we could actually use that with a lot of the crypto folks perfect perfect all right so let's talk about the experience that an ria or independent firm would have if they leveraged your platform with their clients and let's talk about it at a very very high level for the folks that are very that are just being introduced to your firm perfect so i think it really starts with the allocation that you want into this alternative or any alternative for that matter once we kind of zero in on that zero on on the size of the vehicle that they want to be able to structure and also the projected timeline we can also work into the deal certain redemption periods even though wine is a long-term asset class we do want to provide liquidity and flexibility for both the advisor as well as their clients so we usually structure some redemption periods where we're actively rebalancing the portfolio anyways and that gives the clients the option to be able to take some profits off the table or in case of any sort of unforeseen circumstances after that we are the ones who really manage everything so from the acquisition strategy to the actual procurement to the storage custody insurance we want to make sure that we take everything off the plate of the advisor and they can focus on what they do best which is growing their relationship with their clients so i just want to make sure i understand are these unallocated is this unallocated exposure to bottles of wine or do you know exactly which wine you own so the advisor will know exactly which wines they own once we formulate the strategy we'll go out and actually go to procure those bottles they'll be able to see exactly like hey here's how many bottles i own here's how much they're worth at the time of purchase here's where they're stored and then from an ongoing basis providing updates on you know future sales of that which ones that we recommend should be rebalanced which new releases are coming out that could look like attractive opportunities to add to that portfolio and also updated mark to market when we're looking for reporting and compliance purposes okay so let's talk about reporting because you know how important that is to advisors how do they account for that with their clients so the market is pretty robust where we update prices every single day usually prices don't move too much from a day-to-day basis but when we're looking at it on a monthly or quarterly basis we're able to see hey which regions are outperforming which parts of your portfolio are sticking to the strategy and which sections of your portfolio may be recommended for rebalancing so that's how we look at the strategy and ongoing reporting for each advisor so but how does the riaa get that data and present it to their clients we have a platform that the ra can log into we also have reports that we can generate that are in the same format that you'd see you know say any any one of your brokerage statements okay and then do you facilitate billing on that platform if they're a fee based advisor so usually advisors choose to charge their fees outside of the platform but we also do facilitate the payments when needed about that all right so this is this is fascinating i'm thinking about other asset classes where you could take this platform and go deliver the same type of service but but wine has a unique marketplace and that there's where there's interest there's a lot of interest and i imagine this is a good marketing tool for financial advisors how have you seen them leverage this value proposition when they're out out looking for new business i think they've used it really as that sort of interesting hook right say a client gets a bunch of pitches from advisors but um one of them has access to be able to allocate your want your wine or even be able to help source really rare wines or even just something that for a client looking for alternative exposure this is probably something that maybe they've heard about from say their wine collector friend or wine enthusiast friend but you know they're not that into wine they don't want to manage a whole wine cellar um now they can do that right they can be on that same level or even perform even better than than their friends so we've really seen it as a creative marketing tool that advisors have used to either prospect new leads re-engage ones that are in the pipeline or even to work with existing clients on being able have i think a modern strategy moving into the next couple of decades anthony it really is an interesting strategy advisors learn more by going to vinovest.co forward slash advisors that's forward slash advisors anthony thanks so much for coming on jay it was a pleasure thank you so much for your time [Music]

- Securitizing Wine and Spirits: Kind: captions Language: en let's kick this off for seven minutes after Nick why don't you introduce yourself you definitely have a novel investing model how did you come up with it and just give us a little bit about yourself and how you got started sure it's great to be here Daniel Ashish thanks for um setting this up um yeah and I like to start with the story event um whenever I'm I'm speaking to groups of people as you know it's pretty um core to how we structured it and how we operate today my background is in the investing World um I was at a value investment fund that managed about 20 billion I've always been a Trader of sorts whether it was um Pokemon cards or um players in video games these inefficient markets um we're always really interesting to me so I kind of combined that value investing mindset of finding assets that trade below their intrinsic value with inefficient markets which led me to to Wine and Spirits which is a really really interesting asset class um it has this long track record of strong returns it's largely uncorrelated to traditional financial markets and it's a very inefficient market and by inefficient I mean economically inefficient you have pricing disparity across regions Merchants um it's highly fragmented highly opaque and the ability to use data to create an edge is um certainly prevalent and I like to contrast that against my old job which is at a public equities uh fund you know there's so much money allocated to price those whereas Wine and Spirits it's a really really interesting Market um however prior to Vint this was about 2019 the only way you could really invest in the asset class was to basically have a seller or work with a UK firm where you could cut a check for 25 Grand and then three weeks later you would get a list of wines back frankly I didn't think either of those were very good products and definitely were not Financial products uh opaque inefficient largely inaccessible so we spent about nine months with the SEC setting up our structure that allows us to curate thematic collections of wines Spirits wine Futures and securitize them with the SEC allowing anyone accredited non-accredited institutional self-directed Ira investors anybody can buy shares in thematic collections of wines and spirits so we've been around for about two years raised about seven million in Venture funding we've done 70 offerings on our platform and have a have a great team so uh that's that's the back story mission is to create a new asset class where people look at this right next to stocks bonds real estate private Equity land flipping whatever your portfolio is composed of so that's Vint what we're doing and happy to run through some slides here that talk more about the asset class um and you know trying to educate you all about wine and spirits investing and feel free to jump in with any questions at any time all right talks about myself this this asset class most people don't think of it as a financial asset class and I think that's one of the the things that we're trying to flip in terms of how people think about it you know I could walk down the street talk to a hundred people and ask them have you ever heard of wine investing and you know maybe five people will say yeah I've heard of that but if I reframe that as you know have you ever heard of people collecting wine having a wine cellar you know the majority of people have heard of that and what they they don't realize is that there's people who have the seller who collect this asset you know a lot of times they may buy a case of wine sell nine of the bottles drink the other three effectively for free um and for us you know that's really interesting and then taking that concept and financializing it and it's clear that investors have been out cating to Collectibles like wine and spirits Credit Suisse ran this survey and a few other banks have done research around Collectibles and it is you know a material part of a lot of ultra high net worth investors portfolios but the barriers to entry have been really high from a knowledge perspective from a capital expenditure uh perspective such that you know it really is an exclusive group of individuals who have access to the asset class and a funny note is that you know you think about our platform it's it's really not actually the wine connoisseur who is the customer a lot of these people don't love opening up the asset class to all investors but you know that's what we're doing the the longest running study of Fine Wine returns was done by Cambridge so Cambridge ran a study um dating just happened um dating back to 1900 um where um they studied fine wine art stamps equities bills um and looked at particularly auction pricing for for wine and showed this eight and a half percent um annual return outperforming a lot of these asset classes other than equities uh with with a pretty low correlation across the board looking at Whiskey um its history is not as long um in terms of studies dating back to 1900 however it has been a really strong performer one of the uh indices that we look at is The Rare whiskey 101 and then also the Knight Frank wealth report which you may be familiar with um they they look at where are people sort of investing in terms of luxury assets and whiskey over the last 10 years has been one of the strongest performers I I mentioned lack of correlation and I think when people think about diversification it's like well I'll own stocks bonds maybe that's probably not how you all think um with these weekly webinars but I think the biggest test of correlations when things go bad how does the asset class correlate to traditional Financial assets looking at 2001.com bubble wine was up about 10 percent uh looking at 2008 wine was basically flat and then recently in the current environment and the volatility and the the lack of performance last year especially from the uh the 60 40 portfolio wine has continued to to outperform in terms of how does the macro environment impact uh Wine and Spirits as as an asset class Rising interest rates obviously a big topic of conversation right now um as as well as inflation and what what we see from investors is um there's this flight to a store of value in both of these types of environments particularly particularly when sentiment around the US Dollars weak they're looking for something like gold something like fine wine as a flight to safety asset and that Cambridge study that I mentioned shows that wine and as an asset class has about 2xed inflation offering a a strong hedge in inflationary environments this will look at some of the other you know traditional Financial assets Commodities uh and in terms of recent performance one thing that we've observed is that you know we we like to quote the longest term historical uh track record for me value investor at heart like we look over a long Horizon and that's the view that we take when thinking about this asset class but the more that we compress this asset class in terms of the last 15 the last 10 the last five years we have seen returns increasing and for us our view is that we're still in the early Innings of people now thinking about this as a financial asset class but with education and content that's out there specifically right now I think a lot of investors are looking at their portfolio especially if they were a 60 40 type of investor and with last year's performance looking for Alternatives and I think a big driver to people looking at Wine and Spirits as an asset class and frankly a lot of other Alternatives like you've seen KKR put out a piece recommending a 40 30 30 portfolio uh JP Morgan Goldman all having similar commentary around the 60 40 portfolio is that when people lose money that that hurts loss aversion is a very very powerful uh phenomenon and when this last year you had people lose money they um you know they're less happy with their financial advisor they're looking for ways to make sure this doesn't happen so you're seeing this pull forward of alternative assets and I think distribution platforms like an eye Capital are certainly um helping this so thinking about what does wine and spirits really correlate with um and for me uh when I think about portfolio construction a lot of it is grounded in modern portfolio Theory Perry Markowitz you know trying to find these uncorrelated asset classes that offer not only stronger returns but lower risk associated with those and the lack of correlation is the most important part of that Wine and Spirits is not correlated with traditional Financial macro factors like interest rates a lot of it is driven by scoring data production data uh weather and then one of our investors is actually a professor at Stanford who's done a lot of work in the the wine and art space and finds that the strongest correlating factor to this asset class is the overall wealth um of you know the world and in particular the the top one percent there and that continues to appreciate the continue to buy these assets um and that Trend seems to be pretty strong hey Nick do you want me to interrupt uh during the talk and bring questions yeah would you like me to hold them towards the end no that would be great I I actually just opened the chat um yeah he's gonna tackle these so Mario asking is this um set up as a fund some of the you know good good series of questions um that have happy to cover um Let me let me read them off to you and we can kind of have a dialogue going back and forth because I'm going to start up a little bit higher and say that a lot of people here are very used to real estates you know real estate syndications real estate funds individually investing in real estate and so how how is the investment set up is this is this a fund where people put their money into and act as a passive investor and you are constantly buying and selling one on the back end or or do you put together a specific selection of wines and spirits for each investor maybe like kind of more like a syndication would be what what's your model yeah and it's a great question so we have two products uh we have collections which are qualified under regulation a plus and what are those those are llc's that own a series of um typically thematic could be a single producer whether it could be a region single vintage or other theme that we find to be interesting those sizes are from 25 000 to about 350 000 and those are released um weekly on our platform and the ownership is a is a membership interest in that LLC we also have a fund um that is going to be similar to your uh real estate type of fund um structured in that manner um Texas partnership and we are actively managing um that you know trading selling positions as time comes and we find really interesting opportunities to exit so the the collections the initial investment is a hundred dollars the fund is a ten thousand dollar um initial investment only open to accredited investors okay great that's that's definitely lower than most real estate funds initial entry fee is um which which makes it very interesting for a lot of people uh what what sort of um if I could jump right to this what sort of dividend or return do you give yeah so normally yeah um you know quote the historic eight and a half percent as our uh as our Benchmark however I do view there to be sort of structural advantages with data with scale and then the biggest one here is we've gone vertical so we have the supply relationships that are direct and then we also have um licensure in the US to sell direct to Consumers so there's this structural Advantage um where there's no transaction costs so that's the historic Returns what have we done today so we've exited um 12 Collections and the net irrs on that it's about 31 and a half percent from those exits that's about um you know we've had exits from about 20 of the collections so wouldn't extend that to you know the whole breath but that's what we've returned to investors thus far what does your whole time tend to be for those collections yeah for those the average hold time is about a year we guide towards two to seven years um as this is uh a medium-term investment and the the way that I think about the returns is that there's um an upfront Arbitrage we're using this data a lot of our collections are um sourced at a pretty significant discount to fair market value um I'll use our first fund which is a Rare whiskey one which was over subscribed the uh total discount to FMV and we look at FMV and all you know give this caveat that this is an alternative asset class and it it's not being traded on a daily you know hourly basis like public equities so how we look at fair market values taking in U.S retail Market data UK data and then auction data and then that's how we asked to made a fair market value so with the Rare whiskey offering we actually all in we were at a 15 discount to the estimated fair market value so like encapsulating the the returns you have this upfront Arbitrage you have supply and demand econ 101 uh you know it taught me when you have an asset class that has ever decreasing Supply you know there's no more 2010 Screaming Eagle being produced or 78 year old Macallan it's only decreasing Supply and then it's also aging over time thereby increasing demand price should appreciate so upfront Arbitrage um supply and demand and then on the back end we have that no transaction fee type of exit model where because we own it and because we have really efficient relationships we can exit typically above fair market value the exits that we've um returned Capital to investors through have been anywhere from five to twenty percent above our estimated FMV interesting so you you mentioned the appreciating price here one of the benefits of oftentimes real estate and I'm sorry that I'm coming to it from this standpoint that's what a lot of people here do is depreciation do are there any sort of depreciation or or tax maybe tell me about the tax benefits of of the fund I guess but [Music] but but that is to say that it's an asset that's that's rare and unique and so it's not like real estate where you know the reason why you're getting the depreciation is because there's wear and tear on the product this is a very preserved product over time yes yeah aging aging and improving it I guess it sort of uh the the opposite of of Real Estate right okay um other questions from the chat here um how do you find your Mario is asking about how do you find your buyers do you do you have Scouts that go out or are you just you know Super Active and and knowing where to go and and price these what what do you do in order to come up with what you believe is a price that'll be advantageous to your investors sure so we have probably the best manager in the world uh his name is Adam LaPierre he's uh one of 50 masters of wine here in the U.S uh he was previously the president of vinfolio a big wine trading firm so what's great about him is that he he's not just a Psalm um he's really focused on the business of wine a really data-driven individual so I'll talk about how are we sourcing and then how are we selling so on the sourcing front it's really a two-pronged approach where we're combining fundamental research which for him it's really world-class knowledge of the industry with data from the UK the US and auction markets we're taking in hundreds of thousands of data points each month to help identify value opportunities where wines may be trading at significant discounts to their estimated bear market value um you know I think the the end state of that is something like a a research terminal that we're using to research and automate um the sourcing decisions but right now we're just taking that in he's looking at that and then we're sourcing from negotiants in France through exchanges in the UK um and also direct from the source so that's how we're sourcing um and I'll actually extend this to the you know life of the investment from there we're storing primarily in the UK these are wine storage facilities uh warehouses that are climate controlled protected and we have insurance policy across all of our assets um and it's really the UK that has this infrastructure in place it's the home of Fine Wine trade so the the facilities that we work with are storing you know upwards of a billion dollars worth of Fine Wine and Spirits um stored insured and then when we think about the exit Channel we have our own licensing and our own um you know relationships to go and sell these assets either to merchants or directly to Consumers over time the goal is evolving entirely direct to Consumer because we're going to find the best margin there um and how are people finding these assets all of our assets are listed with a certain Target price which is you know double digit irrs um for um on wine Searcher which is a wine search engine if any of you are big into wine you've definitely been on wine Searcher so people are finding our pricing which tends to be pretty advantageous and that's how we're exiting some assets as well as our our own relationships so it's kind of the life of sourcing storage managing the portfolio and exiting very interesting here here's there's some more questions in here as well um there was some question on the refrigeration I think you covered that Ashish is asking do you have a certain percentage or a special allocation that you set aside for any wines that happen to be damaged like I guess related back to real estate again we have vacancy rates right or or bad debt collections do you have any sort of Reserve like that in in the fund and and how do you price that we do not we are insured against that okay okay and let's see I can I can continue to let you go with your presentation here and we can take questions in a moment uh no I mean I questions are good I can I can jump back in um and uh yeah I'll run through like two slides and then if if any of the questions relate like definitely hop in but I prefer this to be more of a dialogue than me just going through slides more fun that way um yeah so it you know obviously I'm biased towards Vin being the best way to invest in wine and spirits but uh you know there are other ways to to do this um you can have a seller um where you are going and buying these typically at retail um you can work with a UK manager who kind of run a separately managed account for you um there are whiskey funds that are investing in Bourbon barrels out there what I can say is that we are the only platform looking at the collections that is qualified under regulation a plus um and what that you know enables is both accredited and non-accredited investors to invest in the collections but also from a a reporting perspective we provide annual financials that are audited you know for us being best in class when it comes to that Inventory management and Reporting is really important I don't view that you create a new asset class without working with the SEC in finra um so you know we have the the self-directed platform you have the um the fund as well which is you know for for us we have investors who like to invest in the offerings build a diversified portfolio that way great for self-directed investors um we do those offerings each week we did one today sold out in a few hours sold out anywhere from you know 10 seconds two weeks ago to um you know a few weeks um but then also the funds for people who like to just cut a check be Diversified across the asset class thinking about portfolio construction um obviously I am a big believer in diversification not only across a total portfolio but within an individual asset class um the index here that we look at is the live x 100 or 1000 livex is a UK I'd say stock market for wine where people are trading on that or a member it's B2B exclusively you can typically find really interesting opportunities to source so that Global share of trade number comes from their secondary Market trade and over time you've actually seen a globalization of really fine wine where if you look back at 2010 Bordeaux was making up 90 of the secondary Market trade and over time other regions have produced really really high quality wine that have put it on the stage with Bordeaux and you know these high quality wines they've proven that there's a secondary Market that leads to the appreciation of um the underlying asset and any sort of delta in terms of the global trade versus what we're sourcing um you know a lot of it's coming from the data that we're taking in um we like to find Opportunities you know we don't don't intend to match the index because we view the data and the research that we're doing to um create an advantage um here's some of the factors I've talked about this quite a bit um but to to dig in a little bit further um on a few of these production quantity that is fixed if not decreasing you know there's no more land on the right Bank of Bordeaux to produce great wines um drinking window it's a common question that we get is you know how long are these wines or Spirits really good for is there a risk of spoilage where you know it surpasses its drinking window and therefore has a big drop off in terms of price a lot of the wines that we're looking at have 50-year drinking Windows um they're really long they're meant to age in fact I view us to be in a way getting paid kind of for the carrying cost and aging cost of these assets because if you think about the industry you know the producer they don't want to hold that inventory for eight ten years when it's really drinkable they're trying to turn it over and you know produce more of uh next year's vintage uh the negosiant who really acts as a distributor you know distribution models they are once again High turnover businesses and then retailers they don't want to hold these wines for um eight to ten years when they are really drinkable neither does a restaurant so that's kind of where we're fitting in it's kind of we're getting paid for holding this uh as as well because someone needs to some collectors do but um ultimately having someone like us where it's stored in bond um audited inventory audits uh Financial audits um is better than a collector because there's just questions around storage always when you work with collectors which is why we don't really Source from collectors exclusively sourcing in bond when when we think about provenance a lot of attention is out there on you know fraudulent wine um I don't know if anybody's watched sour grapes on on Netflix but it's a documentary about this individual named Rudy kernelon who was baking wines went to jail for a pretty long time and it's a common question that we get asked and for us our supplier Network highly trusted long track record of um you know really really high quality wines and and process and a lot of time we have visibility into you know it came from the Chateau to the negotiant event um or um from The Chateau to The Exchange to to vent and with it being stored in bond original wooden casing we're only buying cases no real individual bottles I feel really good about the the provenance and this multi-step process that our storage Partners take to to authenticate all right I I have some questions yeah let's get a question you know so specifically I'm coming at it from the the perspective of you know a passive investor and if I'm looking between a couple of different types you know maybe a couple collections maybe one's a whiskey collection one's a wine collection um I'm curious what you've mentioned there's a lot of inefficiency in the market and I definitely believe that but what what what would I be looking at to determine you know which one would appreciate better over the next coming years what what are the pricing drivers uh of wine and spirits and how should a passive person try to evaluate that before jumping into an investment sure and that's a really good question and it relates to our investors like some people buy every single collection they just kind of want to index what Vince is bringing to the table um our Diversified fund we take a 70 30 approach 70 wine thirty percent whiskey obviously we don't provide Financial advice uh you can give that whole Spiel uh disclaimer but um you know a lot of what we're looking at here is um what the Hands-On investors who are doing their own research will look at valuation so what is the discount or premium to the the estimated fair market value um obviously larger discount you know they may ask questions like how are you sourcing like why how are you able to acquire this at such a large discount a lot but it comes to the data relationships and scale um that we have um the main source of research that a lot of investors use is um we put out a one-pager it's our thesis document which outlines why did we Source this what are the potential catalysts here is just our overall thoughts on the the region or the the underlying assets so I wouldn't say many people are going out and doing um primary source research where they're pulling critic scores you know what is it what was the production quantity of this vintage versus that vintage is this a better vintage is this the worst vintage a lot of that is encapsulated in this one pager thesis that investors review prior to investing and that's actually probably the most common question that we get from investors is like what do I buy um I'm uh you know I'm you know Wine and Spirits might be something that I like but I don't know the best way to build a portfolio here and um I kind of gave some examples of you know what other investors on the platform do some take a full index approach 70 30 some just want exposure to Whiskey and they did The Rare whiskey fund um wouldn't say there's necessarily a right or a wrong way but I I would say diversification is something that we like to talk about and make it really easy um we've done 70 offerings you know say you wanted to invest five thousand dollars you could have bought one share in every single offering and have the most incredible portfolio of wine and spirits that's interesting is is there are there any um pricing characteristics that are different between say wine and in spirits I I guess maybe that comes to the why the why the 70 30 approach and and what I'm getting to is maybe is one more price stable and one more volatile are they do they do they have opposite demand curves where one might be going up while another one goes down or do they tend to move together what what are the differences between the two pricing um really really good question again whiskey is more opaque uh wine has a lot more data you have wine Searcher you have uh live X which with that you know transparency I would say you're not able to find as good of opportunities because it is you know more transparent whereas whiskey uh still a little bit of the Wild West when it comes to pricing data um you have these indices um which you know I don't have that's actually something that we should have is like correlation to wine and whiskey but we have seen um the the end consumer of these which ultimately impacts the price is of of a very similar profile um but the the strong demand for whiskey has been driven by more recent globalization I kind of talked about 2010 to say like 2015 you saw globalization across the wine market with these new regions producing better um wine and really just being on the stage with the best wines um from from Bordeaux whiskey you've just seen really really strong Global demand Japanese whiskey Scotch we did our company off-site in Kentucky this year and bourbon is continuing to see International demand so although the end the end buyer is of a similar profile they don't perfectly track and Whiskey's kind of lagging which probably why you've seen strong returns is people are finding out about this as that the globalization piece happens or nitin is asking and I apologize if I said your name wrong uh he's he's interested he's been looking at your website here he says that there's a cautionary uh disclaimer that says um if the assets do not appreciate there may not be sufficient proceeds from the underlying sale to repay the initial investment and he's just asking about what protections are there is it is it purely uh price demand or why do you put that on your website yeah so the SEC audits our website and you know we include a lot of risk factors on the website and this is an investment I'm not going to tell you that it's going to go up all the time and if someone tells you that I'd probably run the other way but that's just me so um there have been periods of time where this asset class does not appreciate uh 2010 is a great example of this where Asian market demand was really driving the price of Bordeaux you saw a really appreciation of Bordeaux that wine was basically totally cut off as a result of like corruption investigations and fake wine in China you saw a really strong demand just go away almost overnight for these Bordeaux wines Bordeaux used to make up 90 of the market so that really impacted you know the the Fine Wine Market at that time so I I'm not saying this always appreciates um there are times where it goes down um for us we have the benefit of thinking over a long time Horizon um such that we can ride out cycles and with the nature of our very Diversified approach if one Region's down another might be up which is in my opinion how you hedge that just general investment risk is you build this Diversified portfolio so we've not exited any assets at a loss but that's in place in case you know all of a sudden Napa wine really falls out of favor we've done some Napa collections um maybe we think there's no hope for Napa and we decide okay we're gonna cut our losses sell the assets at a 20 loss you know that's in place because you know that hasn't happened but it's fair to acknowledge that possibility of any investment could go up could go down I think we have a pretty good model but it's in the scope of possibilities okay and Priam is asking how sensitive is the investment to public sentiment is it taste-based I'm wondering if reviews or better vintage of the same variety or Winery or Vineyard could drive the value of the collection yep uh public sentiment is a is a factor vintage quality which you know sometimes changes over time as these wines are tasted and then re-tasted you know they're tasted um right now on Premiere which is um the the wine Futures system in Bordeaux which is pretty interesting is created around World War II uh as a way for producers to pull forward um their cash flow of Aging assets so they have this wine that ages for uh two years um really challenging business model so the future system was created to help these producers grow and those wines are being tasted right now they're going to be re-tasted in two years when they're bottled and then also tasted five ten and you know you may have um changing sentiment over time as they are uh continuously tasted by top critics and that's something that we we are monitoring um one of the most famous critics is is Robert Parker and I don't know the how true this story is but there was one blind investor back in the day who supposedly had an identical uh palette to Robert Parker and Robert Parker would really Drive um you know the value of wines if he rated it as a 100 point wine that was going to appreciate in price this guy would taste the wine she's like oh this is a great wine and buy it prior to getting the Robert Parker rating and would uh subsequently appreciate so there there are you know it is taste driven there are other factors um one is classification systems so a lot of regions have different classification systems and our fourth collection was a Saint Emilian upgrade um so Saints Emilian in Bordeaux um they have a classification system and every 10 years they re-evaluate uh Brands to see where should they be ranked um in prior to 2022 I believe there are only five wines that were ranked in the the top tier of the the Santa Milian classification system we had done our research research and saw that uh Chateau physiak had kind of gotten snubbed in 2012. they in a lot of people's opinions should have been upgraded over that time period from 20 to 12 to 2021 when we Source these assets we saw that their wines were appreciating uh in in terms of scoring data they had brought on a new wine maker they had invested to create a better product and we took a bet that they were going to get upgraded in 2022 and they were subsequently upgraded we saw the price of the wines appreciate it's kind of another example of factors outside of supply and demand such as taste or classification driving all right and then one more question probably and then I'm going to ask a fun question at the end but Ashish is asking can you highlight some of the differences between the retail Collections and your creditor accredited investor fund differences in irr hold period what does the fund purchase is the fund making up for empty slots in the collections great question yeah it was funny I was going to jump to this one anyways read your mind to Shish um so what what are the differences here um the collections uh they're they're really targeted at investors who are more active looking for a place to get started um may want to to try it out and then make a bigger investment they're structured as series llc's and um taxed from a corporation perspective why we do that so the tax document you would get is a 1099 div only at the time of distribution why we do that is that we have thousands of investors and um sending out k1's to all of them is is unsustainable um so that's one big difference here um our model there is it's a Marketplace model uh we only take a sourcing fee or we look to take a sourcing fee when um we acquire assets below their fair market value um they're qualified under regulation a plus there's 200 pages on the SEC website that outlines um how we do what we do related to the collections whereas with the fund and so Min investment fifty to to a hundred dollars with the fund um that is taxed as a partnership you get a K1 the minimum investment is ten thousand dollars uh under reg D you know most most funds are it's the only accredited investors uh and it has that structure similar to a fund with a management fee uh preferred return or hurdle rate and and carry um and this was really created for High net worth ultra high net worths who just want to cut a check and be instantly Diversified rias family offices and this fund is actually currently being onboarded on a Schwab and the TD platform as we have some rias who are really interested in it well that's congratulations for that that that's a process big thing for you guys probably a big process too I'm curious under reg D is this a is this a 506c fund accredited only yeah okay all right very cool and a couple of fun questions here we've got seven minutes left um actually while we're doing that do you have your contact information that you could put up on the screen just so that people could reach out to you yeah and then we'll see if anybody wants to ask any questions too feel free to to either put it in the chat or I'll open it up right after I ask this question yeah contact information Nick vint.com put it in the chat um so I'm addicted to email I will respond almost immediately excellent so I I've got to ask of course favorite wine or wine label and favorite country for wine and the same questions for whiskey yes um so let me uh preface this with um and I actually view this as a big competitive Advantage I I am the least nerdy person on wine and spirits on our whole business team because we have masters of wine certified Psalms people who are like true nerds I don't know if I want a wine nerd who loves Napa cabs picking my investment wines not that I'm picking I'm you know providing uh support for it um so and the industry's Really outdated but uh I think it it takes an outsider to really improve it anyways um favorite wine label for my my wife and I's anniversary we went to um Santa Barbara um and one of our advisors is Amy Christine she's an MW she has a brand um The Joy fantastic um and that is you know special place for me in terms of wines just I think experience around the wine that you're consuming is really for me what drives why I may like a wine and why it might be my favorite so um The Joy fantastic um they have a few different varietals under that um that label but I'd say that's my favorite um a a region that I am you know big on currently is um South Africa uh I went there for my honeymoon pinotage is a varietal that is exclusive to South Africa and they're making really good wine that Wine's only getting better whiskey um I am personally a scotch fan I do not have the budget to even be close to the scotch that we're putting uh on our platform um so just as a sort of um broad statement Scotch um and then I'll uh in terms of favorite I'll give you the coolest um that I I have is when we were in Kentucky we did a blending experience where we got to try Kentucky Indiana Tennessee a few different bourbons and then blend our own bottle and bottle it so everybody got their own unique blend so I have the Nick King blend I think that's my coolest and favorite bottle that I have all right great fun to hear those answers um any other answers or any other questions from anybody in the group we've got four minutes left hey Nick I just want to say uh thanks very much for the rest of the group I was introduced to Nick by a common friend uh and I've been chatting with him for a couple weeks now I'm debating investing through a self-directed IRA and the question I think I posted it was uh what is a fund invest in is it investing alongside the collections investing in their own Collections and or as a fun making up empty slots right so if you're raising 300 000 a collection you only have 250 game commits is a fun making up a difference yeah fund owns its own assets it's not buying collections it's not covering any gaps all of our collections have sold out typically sell out pretty fast so they're going and sourcing their own bottles and owning those bottles as you know kind of through the Mandate of the fund the 70 30 approach or with Rare whiskey a blended whiskey approach so uh why we do that is you know if they owned the the collections there would be like a triple taxation almost um as opposed to owning the the underlying assets okay and then the k1s is it a single state K1 or is it multiple States it is I'll have to get back to you on that we haven't distributed k1's as the fun product came out q1 it's it probably just came one from the the location where the LLC was registered would would be my guess okay anybody else and if not could you guys all take yourselves off mute and thank Nick for coming in and sharing with us today about wine and spirit investing thank you thanks Daniel too great thank you Nick thank you thank you introducing us and next week we are going to get uh back into a real estate topic we're going to be talking about investing in Probate deals so look forward to seeing you all next week and have a wonderful Mother's Day thanks Daniel thank you

- Money Hacks Ep 24 - 5-step approach to wine collection, investment and enjoyment with local food: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is a podcast brought to you by the stress times and the business times welcome to money hacks where we offer tips for the newcomer to the financial or investment scene my name is Ernest Lewis and with me is my co-host Chris Lim he's going to talk to us again about wine in last week's episode we talked about how to get started in wine collecting an investment Chris hi how are you real good okay so this episode actually we are going to talk about five steps to getting started in too much yeah because last episode we talked about the general things to bear in mind but I thought might be helpful to do a step by step yeah I step by step it sounds good and I want to ask you this first question now let's say I don't have a fancy place I'm living in a three-room HDB flat or I could be staying in a condo a studio apartment 400 to 500 square feet not a lot of space and I want to get started in wine what kind of gear do I need first off it's very simple you need a wine fridge even before you start casually buying a fifteen dollar twelve dollar twenty dollar bottle of wine it actually pays to start first with a wine fridge right so I don't need like an entire room to separate some cellar kind of thing if you've got a room to set aside man good for you or even an entire rental apartment but let's be real here very few of us can actually set aside that space or have money to set aside that space you don't need it you just need a wine fridge and wine fridges actually have very small footprints they're a fraction of the size of a regular fridge it can fit in corners of your room under your study desk even if you have a table that's hollow underneath it can even fit under your dining table sometimes okay what some people do is when they're actually designing their new house they will design a little cubby hole under the kitchen cabinets oh so it's just another kitchen cabinet next to the drawer that holds your Fox and knives that's the whole wine chiller quite simple not so daunting right no yeah and what kind of other gear doing besides fridge of course you need a corkscrew yeah and there are many fancy schools actually all you need is a very basic corkscrew some people obsess over these things right they go online and keep checking reviews and over and over again absolutely and you can and if it makes you feel good you can get a couple hundred dollar corkscrew there is no need you know just ten bucks at most four quart school is more than good enough there are fancy wine extraction tools like Kaurava etc that let you sample bottles of wine that use corks without actually removing the cork from the wine wow those costs 100 200 plus okay they're nice to have there's no need actually you start with the wine fridge okay you start with a wine fridge and then you start filling up your wine fridge okay and this is where we go on to your next step yes absolutely the next step is to start buying as widely as possible hmm what's a good budget to set aside for these things honestly many of us may have walked by a shelf of wines and seen $12.90 what does it taste like you need to be able to answer the question for yourself you may not like the answer but you need to know what a 12 dollar 90 cent bottle of wine tastes like and you may not like it then you need a reference point so it's not cheap okay buy that $12 90 cent generic Shiraz Merlot from you know Chile Australia taste that and then move up move up to your 20 something mm-hmm and then move up to your 30 something and if you're feeling really flush you know or $100 bottle wine has been discounted to $50 I mean there are these sales you guys open it 100 bucks and you know annually is hundred bucks because as you are shopping around the previous month's you saw those hundred bucks they're clearing out for 50 bucks grab maybe try that one bottle so that you know what a hundred dollar bottle of wine tastes like okay so try by importance not just diving into cases right absolutely if you don't know what you like and you don't have any firm professors yet I would absolutely advise people to stay away from buying a whole bunch of bottles of the same kind of wine because you don't know what you like and even if you're talking about investment you're investing in both yourself which is enjoyment as well as hopefully buying wine that will hold its value appreciate your balancing both so you have to know what you're like first instead of just looking at the value of a wine now I may find it a little bit boring to swallow wine by myself you know just alone without nothing else to enjoy with it can I start experimenting as you said with food which is your third step absolutely in fact when you start drinking wine by yourself you get hungry it's an aperitif that has acid in it an acid will get your stomach acids going for whet your appetite so you start with a wine that will get your appetite going a light Sauvignon Blanc it is very popular these days very fruit forward very fruity gooseberries from grass you know some lemony notes with a pineapple mmm you can drink that by itself then it gets you hungry and then you go and get some food you cook some food so I don't need fancy food I can have it with my meat pork or something absolutely though as we mentioned in our last episode if you're gonna have anything spicy the rules of thumb are stay away from acidity okay and tannin hmm so that means staying away from very high acid Sauvignon Blanc so for example I'd recommend you know what it's a great food white wine to start with Chardonnay okay in fact there should be a phase of your experimentation journey where you drink nothing but different kinds of Chardonnay and then have your mind blown by how one kind of grape can taste absolutely different mmm when it's made in a different way or made in a different country it'll blow your mind and of course you go how can a chardonnay cost $12 90 cents but also cost $129 uh and more yes actually deep appreciation comes here yes sharing is a great starting point but what if you want red wine and you like spicy food yeah let's say like Indian food or Indonesian food or something Pratt you know what do you have with your prata what do you have with a mutton biryani yes I actually would recommend a merlot why because Merlot's are often more food forward and typically have softer tannin mmm tannins the killer you do not want tannin and spice in the same mouthful and Merlot's are just approachable because they've got these cherries red berry notes that just make it really approachable so I say again Merlot's and try a whole bunch of different mellows because they're cheap mellows again $12.90 but hey all right bank bordeaux French Bordeaux wine it's also predominantly Merlot based and can get really really pricey kid you can have your Chardonnay face and you can have your Merlot face even if you want spicy local food and what's your next step step four actually okay step four is fantasy investment we spoke about that beef yeah a little bit about that but really this is where you have an idea of what you like example you like Australian Chardonnay hmm and because that goes with your me book and you found you found that you like right-bank Bordeaux Merlot's yeah Merlot blends I should say and then you say what if I actually bought a case of these or half a case one six bottles yeah actually go through that mental exercise choose a case that you might have bought and pretend you bought it mmm take note of this somewhere on in a notebook or you know in a Google Drive document or whatever whatever floats your boat yeah and then I imagined I simulated a purchase of a case of a certain wine that looks like something you could both enjoy and something that might potentially hold its value and then every quarter monitor the price at least every quarter if you can't take it at least every half a year okay but quarterly is a good exercise even monthly if you can't but quarterly okay and see how the price moves for the next three years mm-hmm and and check against the Internet all right no absolutely yeah absolutely and then see if you made a good bet you might not have made a good bet in which case you have to figure out why not okay maybe you had five different kinds of wine to choose form and all four held their value and the one you chose plummeted okay then you ask yourself why you might be able to make an educated guess as to why or actually out of those five for tanked and the one you chose us a good bet figure out if it was luck or if you had some good solid reasons for choosing that kind of wine that were validated okay does it help if you have like-minded friends who are into these things and you can develop some wine khakis it can be a nice spot for you you know among your 5-1 khakis for example yeah you could place bets on five different cases of wine and see who made the good call the right call and every quarter you can crow over it and whoever made the best bet for that quarter whoever had his fantasy case of wine they actually appreciated in value can buy lunch buy makan yeah that's right or buy a round of drinks at your favorite wine okay so they will just buy Merlot and Brioni for the winner hey that sounds like a great idea okay what about your last time the fifth step the fifth step is that after you've made your first fantasy wine investment at least a year after you might want to consider buying your first case so your first case of wine real case actual physical case of wine and this needn't be something exorbitant but it should be something that you enjoy drinking and it should be something that you have a reasonable expectation of holding its value example it's from an established brand say Penfolds for example which is a well-known Australian brand yeah and it's a wine that it's not new to the market say Penfolds been three eight nine how much would that be what's the budget I need to set aside for that okay well so say you do the math say thirty to fifty dollars per bottle of wine yeah so tough bottles if right yes for 600 bucks you know so between four to six hundred bucks okay or not get half a case but I'll tell you why a case is interesting because then you start drinking a bottle every year okay yep and then you watch the wine evolve and see if you still like the bottle of wine mm-hm and you watch the price of the wine and you monitor the wines evolution simultaneously so this it tastes nice and it's a holding this value simultaneously if you buy a case you can do everything once you see hmm yes so you buy half a case that's six bottles maybe you can only drink one every year yeah that's a very manageable by Dubai you buy 12 bottles you can drink it every six months you can see where I'm heading here yes I can see that you're making a strong case for it absolutely and the good news is that this early stage of preparing yourself for wine investment because you notice you only actually invested in wine and you're a fifth step the rest the preceding steps were about preparing yourself to get into it and it's actually your most enjoyable stage because you are drinking and enjoying in addition to researching the market okay thanks Chris great tips and good five steps actually very practical steps to get started in wine collecting and wine investment and actually to see it as a journey right and a fun journey alright till the next episode of money hacks see ya good bye that was an SPH podcast find us on itunes google podcasts and streaming on Google home do send your feedback to podcasts at SPH comma G you can also check out more podcasts on various topics at Straits Times calm and be TSG any financial or investment information in this podcast is for use in Singapore only and is intended to be for your general information any particular investment or decision should only be made after consulting with a fully qualified financial advisor

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- How to Build a Wine Cellar: 5 Pro Tips that will Transform Your Wine Storage Experience: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever asked yourself do i really need a wine cellar a wine storage area if you've asked yourself that question then the answer is absolutely decades ago i started drinking wine i'd buy to the grocery store bring it home put it in the refrigerator and that night or within a day or two i'd drink it over time i found myself with a few extra bottles that i didn't know what to do with i bought a wire wine rack that held six bottles then another six later i got a wooden rack that held 12 bottles then 30. once i became a sommelier i was tasting more and more wines and went to the next level 288 bottles ouch i have a friend who builds multi-million dollar homes absolutely phenomenal homes and wine cellars to go with them some of these spaces he creates cost ten thousand fifty thousand a hundred thousand or more just for the wine cellar whether it's my friend or you and me we're all doing the same thing we want a place to store a wine you know the primary difference is the amount of money we're going to invest that's what we're going to talk about building a wine cellar a wine storage area here we're going to focus on five things that you want to consider these are the things you want to consider as you plan to build your space they are location climate control carpentry electrical and plumbing and wine racks keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear or if it makes sense click like or subscribe or hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post the first step is to find a location here i'll give you the basics on finding a good location but because this is the most important piece of the puzzle i put together another video that goes into a little bit more detail it's called the six elements of wine storage you really ought to check that video out as an overview for this video perhaps there's a little used closet or other vacant storage area that could be repurposed for storing your wine or a portion of your basement or actually your entire basement as we get into this don't forget you'll need to deal with water drainage for your climate control and humidifier both will eliminate water from the area so you'll need access to the outside or to a floor drain if you use your basement the natural temperature in a dugout in ground basement ranges from 56 degrees to 64 degrees it remains pretty constant throughout the entire year that means it's a good idea to construct at least one of your cellar walls on an exterior basement wall that maintains a consistency in temperature for us we took a location in the basement and worked with it we defined the space and added some paint and some a little additional decor to soften this space up a little while i already had several hundred bottles my goal was to define the area with my storage and studio plus get better regulation on my temperature and humidity that's actually the second thing to consider climate control which includes temperature and humidity my temperature was a constant 58 to 60 so we dealt with the humidity we wanted to get it to an acceptable level so we use the dehumidifier for small and mid-sized space you might want to consider investing in a self-contained stand-alone cooling unit something that's specifically designed for wine and wine storage now i'm not talking about a wine refrigerator but a specialized unit for wine areas that looks looks a little bit like a small or mid-sized ac window unit you know a couple of these in the market that you might want to consider are breeze air cellar cool wine guardian or actually my favorite whisper cool these simple systems are vented or ducted into an adjacent room or into a room that's 10 to 20 feet away or even outside now if you're dealing with a larger space you'll use a forced air system with duct work along with an evaporator a condenser and an exterior compressor much of that will go outside actually the bigger your budget you can pretty much put your cell anywhere you darn well please how are you doing there is this information beginning to make sense if it is write asti in the comments below okay the third area is carpentry whether you're going to do this yourself or retain the services of an architect and contractor before you get too far into the project it's a good idea to have a plan what do you want and want to accomplish and you probably need to check with the local governing bodies to get the necessary permits to get your project started now as far as the walls are concerned if the room is already finished it's a good idea for you to place a vapor barrier and foam insulation on the walls if unfinished you need to think about framing the walls and sealing using the standard insulation plus install the vapor barrier and then hang your drywall over it the fourth is electrical and plumbing consistent with your architectural plan even though the cooling units will go in later you'll want to frame the space and run your electrical and drain lines during the construction process additional plumbing will be necessary if you're going to install a sink now here's a little added bonus of the floor and the and the door as far as the floor is concerned with the humidity set at 60 or higher carpet is sure to harvest mold and mildew so if there's any carpet in the room you'll need to replace it with hardwood granite tiles or porcelain tiles because my wine area doubled as a studio we used a high density interlocking rubber flooring that absorbs sound and the door depending on your budget and desires installing an insulated door with weather stripping is a good option the fifth thing is laying your wind down wine racks generally it's best to store your wine bottles on their sides this is called laying your wine down this enables you to keep your wine longer and also saves room there are a wide variety of racks designed to hold your bottles for more about them check out my video types of wine racks so your wine storage are you going to have someone do it for you or do it yourself is it going to be elaborate or simple remember whatever you end up doing your wine storage area will be absolutely perfect because it will fit your dreams desires and well there you have it you've got the essence of building a wine cellar a wine storage area use it to your advantage and let me know how it turns out now don't forget there are a couple of my other videos that may prove to be helpful to you the six elements of a wine storage area and the types of wine racks if you enjoyed this video and it was helpful to you let me know in the comments below make sure you subscribe for new videos that come out every single week and give it a like if you liked it if there's someone you know that's interested in wine make sure you share this video with them i'd really appreciate that and ring the bell to be notified when i post other videos folks i'm here to help and serve you as we learn more about wine together i look forward to you joining me on facebook at ask two wine consultants instagram at ask the wine consultants if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and if you're looking for some wonderful wines check out my website www

  Top Comments:
  1. @yin-longqiu3333 [4 likes]: I love your down-to-earth approach!
  2. @yumisoaresgjrum9493 [3 likes]: Thank you for this very informative video.
  3. @trevoranderson6096 [2 likes]: Super helpful video! My wife and I just bought a home and want to convert a basement room into a cellar... but we have no idea what we are doing lol
  4. @thomasschellberg8213 [1 likes]: One issue not addressed here is adequate humidity, as if the opposite is always the problem. I have the impression that fifty percent is adequate humidity, and I humified my Wyoming basement to this level.   Now that I moved to western Oregon, I thought that it would no longer be a problem, but I am still finding basement relative humidity of 30 percent in the winter. I think I will have to humidify my basement, even though winter weather here is very wet.
  5. @pocketsilks [1 likes]: What’s if you live in a townhome and rent, but have about 500 to 800 bottles?
  6. @SherifaNakalema [1 likes]: I am here but I really have no idea about this topic.  Just supporting your channel.  I hope you understand. Thanks.
  7. @Andy32410: I'm starting a wine business I california where basements don't exist. I need to follow every tip possible to get my initial production location up to standard.
  8. @JimCarley: Asti
  9. @myrahouse2368: I want to make lively storage for the wine under my stairs.

It’s dark I could put glass doors on the front … it’s how to cool it.

Thanks for he info.
  10. @coziii.1829: Permits I’m out in country never needed permits
  11. @timm6438: Asti
  12. @ricardovelasco1365: Thanks for the info.
  13. @kevincross4302: Good info, however we live in the South .... no basements and much hotter temps... I'm still trying to determine whether or not I want to rip out a bathroom to create a wine room.  Sure I can simply buy another wine Refrigerator (which is cheaper)... but what fun is that?
  14. @HimanshuJeetah: Asti
  15. @tedcoenen3594: Thinking about getting a wine room when we move into our bigger house. Defined something I would be interested in diy.  Good video
  16. @JE-lj4rw: Zzzzz
  17. @user-jf2mc7vd8f: Asti
  18. @demetrisvlachos6086: good info , thanks
  19. @bibime0706: Asti

- How to Store Wine: A Complete Guide (2018): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] storyand wine isn't as simple as sending it down in your countertop wine isn't a static solution it's a dynamic mixture of chemicals that continue to react with one another long after the wine bottle was sold in order to preserve the flavor and aroma of your wine a wine code needs to control four different factors temperature vibration light and position today we'll be talking about temperature temperature directly effects chemical reaction rates the more heat you add to a system the faster the chemicals in it react with one another this is very important for a bottle of wine because these reactions determine its taste of consistency and how well a bottle of wine ages one contains over a thousand different ingredients but not all these ingredients react to temperature in the same way ingredients with a low heat threshold react about four times faster than being into the high heat threshold which is why you can't age a bottle of wine simply by cleaning it up all the components a to different rates going to end up with is a mess of flavors at about 55 degrees Fahrenheit all these reactions proceed at roughly the same rate there's an exception for white wine sometimes it's best has stored a little colder newer wine coolers provide very strict temperature controls once you set the temperature on the control panel the cooler immediately starts to chilling your wine once it reaches the set temperature it keeps it there using the thermostat that automatically activates the clean mechanism whenever temperatures start creeping up again that way your wine always stays in the safe range which is about one or two degrees above 55 degrees Fahrenheit the outside is protected by three layers of insulation and dual or triple pane glass doors these prevent temperatures outside from affecting temperatures inside it still on a good idea to place your cooler next to a major heat source like a stove or oven but you can place them nearly anywhere else in your home and trust it will age your wine to the right consistency this week we'll be looking at the world vibration plays in wine storage vibration does two things it stirs up sediment and upsets the aging process bottled wine contains over a thousand different ingredients that react and interact with one another in order to age your wine to the right consistency all these reactions have to happen at roughly the same pace vibrations prevent this by adding bursts of kinetic energy into your wine kinetic energy is the energy and object possesses when it's in motion the more kinetic energy your wine has the more quickly its ingredients will react with one another vibration also starts up to sediment sediment is a natural part of the aging process it occurs when tannins bind together to form long chains called polymers eventually these polymers get big enough that they dropped out of the wine and settle at the bottom of the bottle sediment isn't dangerous but it does have an unpleasant texture which is why wine lovers try to keep as much of it out of the glass as possible that's why New Era gold series wine coolers come with a three-rail sliding shelf system it allows you to slide your wine smoothly out of the cooler without any drawing stops that way the sediment stays at the bottom of the bottle and doesn't get mixed in with the rest of the wine however the gold series also has compressors compressors are great at controlling temperature but they do send out small vibrations whenever they kick on the multiple shelving system in the Gold Series prevents these vibrations who are having much of an effect or you can get a thermoelectric wine cooler thermoelectric wine coolers are chilled using something called a Peltier device it's a small plate that separates hot and cold particles but as powerful as compressors but they are completely vibration free in this video we'll be looking into old light plays with wine storage light is extremely harmful to wine it breaks down the complex molecules that give wine its unique flavor and it accelerates the oxidation of sulfur containing amino acids which ruin its taste in a row on those for sure to any light is bad its sunlight that's the real problem it contains 42 hundred times as many UV rays as fluorescent light ordinary wine close to a poor job of protecting your wine from light because they use clear glass doors there are two types of UV radiation UVA and UVB clear glass blocks 97% of UVB radiation but only 37% of UVA radiation which has a longer wavelength and penetrates objects more easily but this isn't a problem for the new Eric Gold Series wine coolers they use triple pane glass doors that do an excellent job of blocking light the outer layer is made of smoked glass which blocks 40 / 7 percent of all the light that strikes the unit the inner layers have been treated with a special UV resistant material that blocks 50 percent of all the remaining UV radiation that's entering the unit this means that less than 2 percent of all the UVB and less than a third of all the UVA that strikes the unit actually gets inside it's still not a good idea to store your wine flutes in direct sunlight but you can store them in almost any room in your house and not worry about whether or not the reflected light will damage the wine inside in this video we'll be looking at the correct position to store your wine in you've seen wine sort of up right at the grocery store that makes it easy to see the label but it isn't good for your wine the wine and the cork should always be in constant contact when they aren't the corporate dries out which causes it to shrink crack and let an oxygen one is a complicated relationship with oxygen in small doses to help stabilize the wines color and flavor but in large doses it promotes the growth of acetic bacteria which turns your wine into vinegar and creates a chemical called aldehyde which gives your wine a stale pungent flavor since the only way for oxygen to enter the bottle is through the cork you need to preserve it and the best way to do that is to store your wine and aside as long as the wine and the cork are touching the cork will stay hydrated to preserve its seal that's why all new air wine coolers are designed with slotted shelves they cradle your wine and its side to the wine and the cork are always in constant contact

- 15 Investments Rich People Make The Poor Know Nothing About: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the world of the rich and the wealthy where the investment game takes a different turn here the path to financial growth is not just about stashing money in a savings account or investing in the stock market it's about exploring unconventional Avenues and venturing into territories that might seem intimidating to the average person let's kick off this journey with private Equity this is where wealthy investors plow their money into private companies or funds that provide Capital to businesses that aren't traded publicly in return these investors get Equity a slice of ownership in these companies with potential for significant returns it's like playing the lottery but remember this isn't your run-of-the-mill scratch card it's a high stakes game that Demands a substantial upfront investment and is typically a liquid meaning you can't just cash out whenever you want now let's shift our Focus to the second investment on our list hedge funds these are not your garden variety mutual funds instead they are pools of Investments managed by profession profal who employ various strategies to generate returns think of them as Financial Wizards Conjuring up profits from their cauldron of Investments but like the entrance to an exclusive Club hedge funds often have high minimum investment requirements and are subject to less regulation in other words they're not for the faint-hearted or the light pocketed in this world of high tier Investments it's not just about having money but also about having the courage and the Acumen to make the Right Moves it's a world where risk reward walk hand inand where fortunes can be made or lost with a single decision now that we've dipped our toes into the ocean of high tier Investments let's dive deeper ever wondered how startups get their big break they might owe it to our next investment dive into the world of venture capital where risk and reward dance a tantalizing Tango this is the realm where affluent investors partake in an adrenaline pumping race providing Capital to startups and early stage companies in exchange for ownership Stakes it's the financial equivalent of a high-speed chase with potential glory for the daring but make no mistake this is no place for the faint-hearted the risks are high but the rewards they can be astronomical imagine this you're an investor and you've just funded a small Tech startup fast forward a few years and that startup is the next big thing you're not just an investor anymore you're a part of a success story that's the Allure of venture capital it's not just about the money it's about being part of something groundbreaking something that can potentially change the world but let's switch gears and move from the digital landscape to the physical one let's talk about real estate syndications this is where the wealthy invest in real estate projects collectively sharing both the investment and the profits it's like a potluck but instead of bringing dishes you're bringing Capital to the table and the main course it's the opportunity to diversify your real estate holdings and access larger more lucrative deals you're not just buying a house or an office space you're investing in a shopping complex a luxury hotel or a sprawling residential complex Lex it's real estate but on a grander more opulent scale it's true these Investments are not for everyone they require a substantial upfront investment and the risks can be high but the potential returns can be equally High making them a favorite among the wealthy are you enjoying the video so far don't forget to hit that subscribe button and ring the notification Bell to stay updated with our exciting content our next set of Investments are not for the faint-hearted or the uninformed let's dive right into the deep end with something called Structured Products now if you think this sounds like something from a high school math textbook you're not far off Structured Products are complex financial instruments designed to provide tailored investment Solutions they're like the oat Couture of the financial World Custom Design to the specific risk tolerance and return objectives of the investor these instruments can include a mix of derivatives bonds and other structured Securities the potential rewards can be high but they require a deep understanding of financial markets and a willingness to take on risk they're not the kind of investment you want to jump into without doing your homework now moving on to private placements don't let the name fool you there's nothing private about the potential Returns on these Investments private placements involve investing in Securities not offered to the general public these could be private bonds or limited partnership interests in private companies imagine being invited to an exclusive party where only a select few are allowed in that's what private placements are like they're exclusive often lucrative but they come with their own set of risks for starters they're not as easily bought or sold as publicly traded Securities this means that you might need to hold on to the investment for a longer period before you can see a return but for those who are willing to take on the risk and who have the necessary Capital these Investments can offer significant rewards so there you have it Structured Products and private placements two complex investment strategies that are not typically on the radar of the average investor they require a deep understanding of the financial markets a high-risk tolerance and a significant upfront investment just when you thought Investments couldn't get any more interesting we're about to prove you wrong who said Investments can't be fun and enjoyable let's delve into a world where Finance meets finesse where portfolios are not just about numbers but also about taste and class welcome to the realm of Art and collectible and fine wine imagine walking through a gallery appreciating art that's not just for your eyes but also for your bank balance affluent individuals often invest in valuable art antiques rare coins and other Collectibles these aren't just items to be admired on a wall or a shelf they're tangible assets that can appreciate significantly over time and the beauty of it is you don't always have to be an art connoisseur to invest many wealthy individuals Engage The Services of art advisers who guide them through the intricate Maze of the Art Market it's an investment that combines pleasure with profit A Feast for the eyes that also fattens the wallet but the charm of Collectibles doesn't end there it spills over into the world of Fine Wine some investors with substantial means collect and invest in Fine Wines creating a seller that's not just for savoring but also for saving certain vintages can appreciate in value over the years making them a liquid asset in the truest sense it's a unique blend of passion and profit where the love for wine merges with the thirst for financial growth picture this you're hosting a dinner party and you bring out a bottle of vintage wine as your guests admire the label you smile knowing that the bottle is not just a testament to your fine taste but also a smart investment that's been maturing along with the wine itself investing in art Collectibles and fine wine adds A Touch of Class to one's portfolio it's an elegant dance between the world of finance and the world of fine living and the best part you're investing in something you love if you're finding this enlightening click on the like button your support means a lot to us as we continue our list let's uncover the other intriguing Investments the wealthy engage in next we have rare metals and minerals Yes you heard it right no we're not talking about your Grandma's silverware we're talking Gold Silver Platinum and those elusive exotic Rare Earth elements these aren't just pretty to look at folks they're often used in technology for from your smartphone to electric cars as demand for these tech gadgets grows so does the value of these precious metals and minerals a sparkling example of how diversifying your portfolio can shine brighter than a diamond next on our list we dive into the world of structured notes now these aren't your regular IUS these are debt Securities with complex payoff structures tied to various underlying assets think of them as a financial chameleon changing their stripes based on market conditions their payoffs can be linked to a variety of assets from stocks and bonds to Commodities and currencies it's like having a financial Swiss army knife in your pocket but remember with great flexibility comes great complexity this isn't a game for the faint-hearted next is private Equity Real Estate this isn't about buying a cute little cottage in the countryside we're talking big game hunting Office Buildings shopping centers apartment complexes these Investments are typically made through private real estate funds that Focus on Commercial properties it's like Monopoly but with real money and real buildings the returns can be substantial but so can the stakes let's continue on our journey of the 15 Investments rich people make that the poor know nothing about let's delve into some more intriguing investment avenues that the wealthy explore High net worth individuals often allocate a portion of their portfolios to cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and ethereum yes these digital currencies are volatile but they offer potential for high High returns it's like a high stakes poker game but with virtual chips moving on WE uncover the world of offshore Investments some affluent individuals explore these opportunities to diversify their assets and potentially reduce tax liabilities it's a bit like Financial hideand-seek with the added thrill of navigating International laws and treaties next we dive into the world of collective investment schemes these include a wide range of investment funds such as unit trusts which pool money from mult multiple investors to invest in various assets it's like a potluck dinner but instead of bringing a dish you bring your cash and share in the profits or losses finally we arrive at private banking services wealthy individuals often use these services offered by prestigious financial institutions to access exclusive investment opportunities and personalized wealth management it's like having a personal concierge but for your finances these investment Avenues offer a blend of risk reward and exclusivity that appeals to the wealthy so stay tuned as we wrap up our exploration of the investment world of the rich and wealthy so what do you think about these high tier Investments we've taken a deep dive into a world where the rich and wealthy play from private Equity hedge funds and Venture Capital we've seen how they put their money into promising startups and non-publicly traded businesses we've also explored real estate syndications Structured Products and private placements we've entered the realm of Art and collectibles fine wine and even rare metals and minerals finally we've looked at complex structured notes and private Equity Real Estate remember these Investments are not for the faint-hearted they require significant capital a deep understanding and a solid tolerance for risk but they can also offer substantial returns thank you for joining us on this journey through the world of the rich and wealthy don't forget to check out the other videos on your screen now and hit that like share comment and subscribe button see you next time

- Data Privacy Hangover w/ Bill Rankin - Wine About Cybercrime Episode 1: Kind: captions Language: en don't mind me [Laughter] don't finish [Music] welcome to wine about cybercrime where we pair wine and deleted cybercrime i'm yours my name is sheikh namane services analyst and assault team at ecs and set fire somalia with my colleague bill ranking project manager governance risks and compliance well thanks check now for having me i'm here to want about data breaches no i'm not i'm here to whine about privacy regulations and data breaches no i'm not today i'm here to one about data privacy regulations and data breaches today we're pairing data privacy with this french reserve which is gl gi song feast from southern part of france this rose is amazing it has a lengthy touch of strawberry on the nose french oak barrel 12 months and it has a mild touch of spicy and urban province and what i like about it has a little bit of dryness and strawberry touch if you want to try you know you've been talking about it i think it's time to try here cheers oh wow that is fantastic and the good rose will give you a little bit of a spice finish though but not too overpowered with a softener so it's not as fruity it's not as dry i wish i had this great of a welcoming any place i went to so thank you so much well you know before we get into you know what i guess i'm here to talk about i am going to try this cheese here real quick can you see that wow well you know i hope in editing that they let that period sit for a while and don't fast forward through because that is that is genuine that is that it's fantastic wow this is an interesting topic uh you know i grew up in france and you know united states is a big country but it's the data privacy in the united states is it really different than the one in europe where i grew up yeah that's a really great question it is significantly different from where you grew up over in europe you know countries like france and other members of the european union they fall under the jurisdiction of the gdpr or general data privacy regulation here in the us we have no such regulation and that's really what i'm here to whine about every state has their own data breach notification and as a company you know each company has to understand what data breach notification is applicable to them they have to understand the nuances of each of these notifications reach notification regulations they're all little differences about you know the amount of data whether the data is encrypted whether it's encrypted but the key is still safe in the events you have to alert somebody you know and as a consumer you know i've received notifications from companies that they may or may not have had a data breach and at this day and age though i'm confused as to my information may or may not have been involved in the data breach but you know what i don't understand it's like first they want your money they want you to buy something they want you to use this service where you have to spend money but i don't get it is when there is a data breach everything they they want to do is cover their own back yeah i don't want to use the other word but you want to cover themselves first by sending a letter to us to say oh you might you might not be exactly yeah and how do you not know you know and and regretfully you know there's really nothing that we have there's no mechanism that we have to hold that company accountable for telling me explicitly whether or not my personal information and or my financial information was ever part of a data breach you know there are states that are leading the way like california you know virginia just had a the privacy regulation passed but once again if we continue on the way that we're continuing on as a nation companies are going to contend with 50 other instead instead of 50 data breach notification laws on top of that they're going to have 50 consumer privacy laws and then on top of that whatever else they have to do the sectoral laws that we have here like pci like hipaa it really just kind of leaves a bad taste in your mouth and you know uh completely different than this rose which leaves a great taste in your mouth oh and you don't have any sorry i live in virginia here let's say i travel frequently to go to california i buy some stuff in california i come back to virginia is those regulation applied to me or not well so it depends yeah as a consumer so you as the individual no you don't fall under california's uh consumer privacy information can be spread at all but the company you interacted with they may fall under ccpa so what that means is that that company may be obligated to follow ccpa guidelines california consumer privacy act guidelines and that means that they may have to have a good privacy program which means you inherit to lack a better term some of the protections that are afforded to other california residents okay because they are under cpa but what you don't have is you don't have the right to perform certain actions under the ccpa because the ccpa does not cover individuals who are transient within california so they're just visiting they're there on vacation they're passing through as it were there's a couple different things that that you could look at and and one of which is you know to me the most important one is that lack of standardization across all 50 states and having that federal omnibus privacy regulation that's written in a way that takes i think lessons from what gdpr brazil all these other countries throughout the world what they've done and how they've really put privacy and consumer privacy uh first in a regulation and learned the things that were great about them and things that weren't great about them and and let's let's take those lessons learned and apply to a federal regulation here you know let's come with good guidance for companies let's come with a good explanation as with you so me as a consumer i can start feeling more comfortable and i can start getting more relevant notifications because we have a great regulation and because these companies have guidance on how to implement that regulation and so that leads me to another point you know cyber security and privacy you know are they two different things and they are they they are based on completely different principles but yet they intersect with each other you know there's a saying that says you can have good cyber security without good privacy but you can't have good privacy without good cyber security this is why uh companies need to have a partner uh that has a very strong stock a team around just to analyze the root causes of a bridge where the data breach happened how it happened when and how and how can we solve that problem now what type of information was in the database yeah and the data but you know how to stop that did it break so like you know working with a company like that you know if the company where i had my data breach they may have been able to send me an email and said hey we suffered a data breach but your information was not a part of it or they could have said hey we suffer data breach and your information was a part of it and he was here's what information was in there was your name and your your mailing address well you know what maybe i don't expect identity theft protection because my name and mailing address was taken out now they said you know portions of your credit card you know so stream number things then yes i would definitely hopefully do expect you know identity theft protection as a minimum of recompense for having my data breach like that but you know that's just where we're not at here in the u.s you know we're sort of still just laissez-faire about it all and uh you know we let people companies do what they want with our information and you know as a us citizen that really really you know grinds my gears now with the meatboard um or the meats here that you have yeah the so say that word for me one more time okay as a french person i'm going to bring my french accent okay okay so close enough okay it's not like in a south but yeah yeah yeah yeah it's got a little it's got a little y'all in there right yeah so chichner you know as an analyst on the sock yo how do you feel about how does this you know make you feel knowing that you know you are at the forefront the first line of defense for companies who trust you perform this service form and you need to provide them with this type of information you know that's another interesting question right there uh what i like about an assault team is not only we work for our company but we also as we have customers that we look after them 365 days and 24 hours and when there is an alert we jump on it right away we have a team of peop talented people that look at the in and out of the root causes and then from there we come to a conclusion of it and not only we come to a conclusion we come to a conclusion with a better solution to antici to avoid the repetition of the same scenario data breach and if i were to say use you as a consumer you know as a client for as a partner with you we'll say um i i could have a reasonable expectation that you guys would be able to provide me with a good understanding of everything that occurred right a good problem analysis like you said and you know what happened how it happened yeah you know what what was done to me yeah as your partner you know and that's that's you know from a privacy perspective that's invaluable these privacy regulations when they talk about cyber security they talk about adequate cyber security protection and it's almost impossible to define adequate you know i can tell you what adequacy what an inadequate cyber security program is a cyber security program in which data was breached from your organization yeah because you weren't adequate at that point in time right so defining adequate is is difficult um you know but working with the service like yours it sounds like that at least helps to lay the foundation for an adequate cyber security program because i can trust that one there's a 365 24x7 monitoring and you know i know that i'm going to be made aware of and have all the information i need in the event of a today we learned a lot about data privacy and about a rosie i will tell you there are a lot of different type of rose you have different type of ruby within france in italy in america in spain and all over the different type of roses different type of grapes that are involved in those roses and that's a great comparison you know because as a consumer what we've been whining about is i have different types of privacy data breach notifications and consumer privacy acts that i have to understand that depends on what state i am but you know what i'd rather have a lot of different roses than a lot of different privacy regulations there we go if you wanted me to challenge and make a difference please visit ecstatic.com hey check now thanks for having me i'm here to talk about privacy regulations and how consumers are impacted in the event of a data breach or ransomware attack i sound like i'm on sesame street and r is for ransomware yeah i'm really getting a big bird vibe right out of me right now yeah a little oscar the grouch huh what happened in my data breach d is for data it's good