- Crypto to Costa del Sol: How Investors Are Legally Buying Luxury Property in Spain: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever considered buying real estate with cryptocurrency here in Spain, but you don't understand the process or if it's even possible? Well, you're in the right place. This is the New Sun network in Merba. And I'm Chris Cassidy from New Sun Realy and we help international buyers like you find their next dream home. Today I'm joined by Vicente Ortiz from Viscot Legal and we're going to dive into the process and everything else with buying property with cryptocurrency. Let's dive in. >> Welcome. >> And can you tell like my audience and me who you are and what it is you do? >> Yeah, I'm I'm a lawyer also an investor. uh all my career mainly focus in intersection between technology and um and real estate. >> Okay. Okay. And Viscos Legal, what is it? What what are they? What what is the company? >> Yeah, it's a legal firm based on coastal soul. We also have offices in Portugal and opening also in Dubai. Okay. We are working these three jurisdictions. Um basically we are we are into regulatory with um all the legal aspect for IT companies. >> Okay. >> Um also real estate company who want to buy in in Spain, Portugu or Dubai. Um yeah and between the intersection between also bread and butter is getting like a uh compliance for uh to buy properties with crypto in in Spain. It would be good to understand a bit more about cryptocurrency because some people, you know, they think about Dubai when you buy buying real estate with cryptocurrency, but they might not think about Spain, you know, and some people think there's a lot of red tape and there's loads of processes and everything else and maybe we're not as advanced, but actually I think we are now. I think we're we're getting there. And it would be good to talk about, you know, maybe what what got you guys into the cryptocurrency side. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a big misunderstanding. No, for crypto, especially in Spain and and for agents, uh, all these thing I cannot touch the >> but it's it's all about compliance. No. Uh, at the same you have to do compliance for for client moneying and the same you have to do the same for crypto from the crypto side. normally the individuals and the corporation is covered in Spain. Everybody know how to manage that just to avoid the bad guys you know and on the crypto you just implement a process like four five years ago we are doing like a six transaction per month mainly in Barcelona Alicante and and south of Spain and basically we were just covering the compliance of the crypto wallet as just to make sure that agents um you know um notarios notice registry uh and lawyers they don't take big risk when you accept do the on boarding of a client um that is better and better already you know just to do compliance um and to the big way this this deep pockets on crypto just be willing just to buy properties in Spain out of risk. So just in terms of the the process then because I mean I'm aware of the pro the standard process where obviously you've got to go to notaries and lawyers and they're buying it in cash. they'll check their bank statements and and they'll do that, but I've not really understood or seen the process working yet with crypto. So, can you talk through maybe how it's different from the standard procedures that we've got here and and how you navigate around that? >> Sure. Yeah. You as an example, you as your you are an agent as your agent, your agency, you imagine you receive a lead through email or just call to your office. Okay, I ask some crypto. I just saw in your website like a villa 3.3 uh uh I would happy just to to pay in crypto. Okay. The process will be said starting with the compliance as the on boarding we will ask for for for the passport of the client. We just check in 24 hours we can give green light or not. We just go to we have a big database of bad guys you know basically and just to >> if a green light we go the second step we send a Google form to them with all the wallets like your event or your bank account or the crypto just to check is is any crypto criminal records involved on that have uh how they want to do the payment in with network because there are different blockchain what you can do basic information based on the crypto So, and it's going to take like another two days or we have a internal complian external complian officer to to check it out and with the on boarding is complete. We start with the normal process that we we see already that the vendors normally they want to take crypto that's why we also with a partner we have a fully compliance process just to swap that crypto into euros. >> Oh, okay. That's the easy part because then the notarios everybody they will be feel safe at the same time because it's going to be a normal transaction in euros at the end. >> Got you. Okay. >> Okay. That's why in some sometimes you know we just did like a two deals on that sense that the vendor will willing just to take the the crypto. In that case there's also capital gains involved. is important just to know you know because but the capital gain of the transaction because you know imagine you as a crypto bro crypto investor big way with deep pockets in crypto you bought imagine 2012 in500 today is nearly €100,000 euros you know imagine that big gap if you just swap >> this uh you just swap this crypto just to buy a property is to generate capital gains but it's going to be where your tax ration If you are not taxing in Spain, you will pay in Portugal, you pay zero. For example, in Germany, you pay zero. You holding for one year. You know, it going to depends on where you are. But also there are capital gains involved when you are swapping into your crypto. You have to know that >> but going to base when you are tax resident. >> Okay. So, so from a from a from a notary perspective, they're treating it the same because they're ultimately getting cash. They're getting euros. They're not getting I suppose they're not overly concerned about it >> as long as they put through the legal due diligence. >> Yeah. Yeah. Beforehand. >> Exactly. Where generates a report what the crypto is that is fully legit, you know. Um at the end they are happy just to the conversion happen before we have a screw account. The money go to a screw account and me as a law as a lawyer or legal firm. We we just go to Entario with a check or we just send like a transfer tag transfer to >> to the vendor. >> All right. So you're basically you'll be obviously the legal side but you'll be the intermediary >> that takes the crypto gets it make sure it's getting converted through a third party. >> It it depends. It depends the client. We have a screw account as a client's account. All the lawyers lawyers had here in coastal soul and the money can come to my bank account to my scroll I can pay but as well the clients if they already have a bank account through our partners to do the OTC they can send directly the euros to them and from his bank account they can pay the the vendors. No. So, so normally like normally if it's a you know if you're buying with cash through your bank right you know normally you would have to show bank statements it will show the transactions and and everything else. How would that work with crypto? What do they need to show? Obviously you've got a wallet. >> Yeah. >> But a lot of people are do like trading. They might be doing like multiple things buy and selling different currencies. >> How do you where do you even start? >> Yeah very good question. We are we are uh we are working with a software uh we're one of the top names into into crypto just to do the trability all that movements uh according all that movements uh we see different lights like a green red and yellow okay >> if we say some red okay we cannot touch it if we say some yellow we can ask for an extra information just to see they are using a live you know mixer or things who are not allowed or or maybe sometime whether you have a jello light it's just because they are risk activities for example there is a neo bank or fintech and they are doing gaming or gambling at that point we're going to ask request extra information to see a client we can eventually can take as a client >> got you so basically it's it's similar idea it will look at transactions >> and it will flag up if anything looks a little suspicious or if it's unknown where it's came from, then you'll ask questions. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's a bank. It's like a bank compliance. Uh but just add up to the crypto ecosystem. >> Yeah. And and I mean, here's what I'm thinking about. For example, you know, we've got a lot of new, you know, new developments, new properties, new projects, >> and for they might not be ready for 2 years, 18 months time. >> Yeah. and you've got to do some due diligence at the start about, you know, if they've got to be able to pay the deposit and everything. Um, but they might not have enough to cover the full they might get a mortgage or actually they might just choose to buy it via crypto at the end. How would it how would that work? Would they if they wanted to buy in crypto up front and put the deposit down as crypto, would you only be making sure that they've got enough for that amount at the start and where that amount has came from or would you be looking to make sure they've got enough to cover the full property price? >> Yeah, it's a very good question. Yeah, things are evolving already because what what I see now compared with three years ago is like uh crypto especially bitcoin is going to be like uh reaching the institutional level that mean there is some banks and developers also taking bitcoin seriously as a collateral. >> Yeah. Um what I see already um on you you can some um like Metropathesa u big names here in the industry in Spain they are they they taking as a deposit and they starting seriously just way different way just to take crypto as a deposit. Um the the other companies and also banks and fintech they also are willing just to based on the Bitcoin as a collateral give you a mortgage. >> Right. Okay. And that's that is very interesting because it's not much paperwork uh involved. Obviously they are not lending more than 50% of the collateral that you leave. That means if you are just put into collateral like uh you know like a five bitcoins already 500 you can get a mortgage of 250 50% based on the bitcoin that you leave as a collateral and it's grow >> but you know that start in the US they just uh they have changed the law like uh one months ago and also banks are they can consider bitcoin as a as an asset in a way just to give you uh as your payroll or another source of income give you a mortgage and things are evolving as a completely new way or new infrastructure for payments and gener based on on blockchain and crypto as well is it's quite exciting and >> so for example if the property was like a million >> and it's 30% down deposit and you pay the rest upon completion for example >> would be looking at you being able to have enough cryptocurrency to cover the 30%. >> Or to cover the full amount of the property. >> You have to have all crypto enough just to cover 100%. >> 100%. >> Otherwise, if there are some there are some developments and um and some individuals also are willing just to give you a mortgage based on the Bitcoin you already have it, >> right? So they can give you a pre-approval type. >> Okay. And no paperwork involved. Yes, you have the quality. Sometime they also have the collateral of the of the house as a double collateral. In that case the interest rate could be lower you know if you just take crypto you the interest rate going to be higher >> and you know that's the things that they are >> so so the bank are taking that risk into consideration because obviously crypto can can go up and it can go down. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Half half even in value you know. >> Yeah. But as as the developers there are alternative way of financing of funding uh development. It's not only about uh banks also corporation that are willing just to give you money also there are corporation that on the space maybe when I see on your on your podcast you interview like a Michael topolinsky from >> from meta web maybe you are that's interesting use case because that is a that's the MBA for for for developers because [laughter] >> at that these guys were doing like doing tokenization for your audience basically is just to uh tokenize is like a digitalize put in a digital platform some property whatever and they are they are they are willing just to attract capital worldwide with without no barriers. Yeah. >> And in question of days they can do the funding for for developments to buy five six apartment and cover this 30%. Yeah, >> when they are covering they can ask for a mortgage to the bank or what but the things are coming. There are ways to build new infrastructure and new buildings and new villas based on new ways to to do the funding. >> Yeah, exactly. And what what are you sort of what are you most excited about in terms of this realm about blockchain and and crypto and everything and real estate? >> Well, I tok organization that we call real world asset is is a huge narrative already. Yeah. eventually trillion market real estate won't have the piece of the cake but you know the market already is illquid real estate I have for example have some properties in here in Marba downtown for rental but if they want to sold out I have to sell it yeah >> and if someone is illquid you know as an investment >> but the good things once you tokenize this apartment for example a bathroom you have a secondary market it's like a share it's like a stock you know >> right If you want to get rid of your position there, you can see in seconds and is you know that is blow my mind also you can take this position that token that share that you already tokenize as a collateral also to uh to apply for a mortgage and imagine the money is going to flow you know in a it's going to be a treat market. It's called real world asset narrative >> stock tokenization but more things involved. >> Now you have a stable stable coins new market infrastructure for payments very quick and no cost involved. You can do like a 10 million transaction for >> for less than $1, you know, imagine. And that's the things that excite me the most because >> you know I suffering when a client have to send a uh Dubai or to southeast to here with a lot of cost is take two three days everybody waiting you know the not the money I just arrive or not you know that that the thing that's tokeniz and this market infrastructure for payment speed and and with no >> and fast is also >> yeah and secure and you can it's traceable and everything It's traceable. >> The blockchain doesn't lie. >> Yeah. Because exactly people think no script that's for the bad guys. But at the same time, I put you an example. We are really into complaints. H um like three weeks ago, we have a case that a client paid like a 400,000 uh USDC like a dollar digital dollar to >> to another another client just to settle a transaction just an agreement between them. The other guy say no no never came. What they okay listen we go it's public you know we go there listen at that date and stuff whatever you know imagine and not only that but also >> when you receive it >> you send to this this wallet this wallet this wallet is amazing because when you at some point you have to convert it into euros of dollars. Yeah. >> At that point you have to it will touch like an exchange uh house or whatever with your ID and with your passport. >> Okay. Listen, [laughter] you know, we have all your data if I wanted, you know, that's why I don't consider Bitcoin like for criminal anonymity cash like cash like Yeah. Yeah. Still, you know, >> especially dollar, you know, if you see all the >> statistic for money laundering or dollars, you know, suitcase and some >> but with crypto blockchain is fully audit real time, you know. >> Yeah. And do you think um because I've I've always wondered about the legal side and the legal contracts and everything. I've always wondered if that would be able to be on the blockchain. >> You know, and I just feel as if it should be a lot easier and simpler. >> You know, and if you've just it should be easy just to sign something on the blockchain, you've done your transaction and everything should be quicker. But I don't know if that's something they're looking at. Maybe. >> Very good question. It's going to be dependent jurisdiction. And there are judician who are very advanced on that especially when all the registries are in blockchain already like uh like uh starting in Georgia uh Dubai also improve a lot. US as well they have on parallel they are working a blockchain based registry you know at the end blockchain here just to to get rid of the middle men. >> Yeah. by Spain we have notaries and registry quite strong the registry just invite me just to to do a keynote like two three years ago because they are also considering just to go into blockchain >> okay >> and yeah it's coming it's coming there are countries who are the leading of the of that technology that countries are moving slower but eventually it's going to came uh a point with all the contract going to be digitalized going to be full transaction without lawyers without No, into Yeah, [laughter] why not? Why not? >> It's a good thing you're an investor. You don't have to worry about about your work disappearing to the blockchain. >> Yeah. [laughter] Art artificial intelligence. >> Exactly. >> Artificial intelligence and a smart contract. Yeah. >> You know, right now that we have it for example that mortgages. >> Yes. >> It could be through through um through a smart contract. Yeah. That mean you just put on collateral your bitcoin and other clients willing to provide USDC like a mortgage to you without no paperwork involved. It's already happening. What happened if uh if the price of bitcoins is going down? It's going to you're going to have a margin call just to put more bitcoin grow but eventually if you don't pay your mortgage you you can take automatically in the smart contract your bitcoin >> to you. That's the point. is already working some smart contract. >> But uh when we are we are the middle men involved like a notary and registry you know it's not that easy just to >> can slow the process down a little bit >> unfortunately you know >> but we might get there. It might be something for the future. >> Yeah. Yeah. We are nearly there. We are nearly there. We'll see. >> And it's positive to see because I mean as as I say most I I do get clients coming. I've not done it yet but I've get clients now coming to me asking me about buying buying real estate here in in Spain and especially with cryptocurrency. >> And they're asking me how difficult is it? And you know, I've always said, you know, I don't actually know. >> Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] >> I don't really know because I've not seen it. I've not seen it done. But I do know that it is being done. >> And and this is why I thought it would be great to bring you on, learn more about it, help the audience understand that it is possible. It feels like we're maturing a little bit in Spain with the crypto area and buying real estate here and the risk isn't as bad as what everybody thinks. If you've got a good lawyer, you know, they're doing the right level of due diligence. We can still do the anti-moneyaundering and everything else. And yeah, we just put it through the notaries, etc. Right now is a standard process with euros. So, it just feels like it's all coming together and it's much, you know, it's really doable. maybe talk about one of the the most interesting transactions you've done on crypto maybe or maybe the most complicated one >> that's that you've managed to get over the line. Yeah, I remember [sighs] you know we are doing like a five six transaction per month but that all that process start in 2015. No. um in that you know in that years there was not stable coins. Stable coin for us is very easy and less complicated because it's not volatility on the price. But time bitcoin was going up going down you know there was no way just to block the pricing you know >> of course >> and this it was difficult quite difficult at that time just to to figure out just to get an agreement just to avoid any misunderstanding of course >> but to be honest now things are evolving it's a different animal is we have mika regulation Europe we have genius act in the US who is nearly finished you know uh all the compliance they are covering all the compliance all the changes are fully regulated it's very difficult to just to hack uh it's still happening but there are not a lot of measuring implemented there uh when they starting off this stupid wars you know sometimes you you have to check all the time updated the great listed it has Russian activities involved >> and you have to watch out eventually you >> but thanks god everything goes right now so far smooth um clients are happy that is the most important part for us you >> so just in terms of the I mean obviously in Spain there's tax right we can't we can't avoid tax here but what does the tax situation look like if you're buying a property with crypto is there any taxes or fees that that people need to consider if they're maybe buying from abroad they're buying a property in Spain with crypto >> you know the saying no you cannot avoid taxes and death >> exactly [laughter] However, however with crypto what happening, you know, um the capital gains on crypto is going to base when you are tax resident. Yes. Um most of our clients are taxing out of the European Union or CPA my clients or to as well you are holding crypto there you you pay zero Germany as well you are holding for one year it's going to basing that means you you you are going to buy a property in Spain and you you bought bitcoin in 10,000 euros now 100,000 now there going to be capital gains invol and you pay when you are tax res whatever you know and regarding the taxation belongs to the property like transfer tax VAT just go by normal basis you know you have to watch out you have to be careful of the capital gain as an as an Spanish citizen or resident in Spain you have capital gains involved starting in 19% um 26 you know could be 26 up to 200ks on on profit >> yes >> you [snorts] have to watch out with your tax advisor accountant just to be or you uh you pay your taxes. >> Yeah. Okay. [laughter] So, yeah. So, I think we're saying is it just depends on, you know, you if you're a resident outside of Spain, you pay if depending on the law and depending on it, you know, some of them don't have capital gains, for example, Portugal, but if you're from another country, you might have to pay it, but that's in your own area. >> So, it's not really a Spanish thing. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's not Spain. You're in Dubai, you pay as well. here Singapore, Hong Kong as well. Um, Australia, they have capital gains involved. UK also have capital gains. Kind of depends. >> Yeah, it just depends. And what sort of advice would you give for someone who's maybe thinking about buying a property here with crypto? >> Yeah. Oh, no. First um make sure the they have all the proper documentation you know regarding all all the crypto that probably is coming from it changes all the all the documentation regarding when when did you buy your crypto where you know is helping a lot from the complant reasons that's that's the most important thing you know they have an activity also helps you know because sometime clients came to us oh I just crypto. Okay. But do you have an activity to prove that you have money enough to buy that crypto from the scratch at the beginning that information that we have? Yeah. >> Because from the complaint resource we have to build all the storytelling all the story of the assets you know >> unfortunately that some client came to us with a ledger who is a hardware wallet click on that without no activity and also without no activity the past four five year. as a client we cannot take it seriously as an on boarding >> that's why you have to build all the storytelling and the compliance from a scratch and that means okay now we don't have an activity I living for for my crypto because I am millionaire or billionaire okay that's fine but when do you buy your crypto you all the support documents just to to ask that's the the first question that I'm going to make and also some education for agents because I'm working mainly with agents. Yes. >> No, they claim not that much. My clients in my business more B2B. >> I try to educate the to filtering the client just to that's important part. They can filter. They can send me the client just with some you know >> level of risk covering. We are team and working together just to attract the the best guy because if not another country going to take the advantage. >> Yeah. As I told you, they are sometime came to your agent or two mile of a guy in his sleepers, very young guy and the the agency. No, no, no. I cannot take crypto. I know cannot take you as a client. But if you do some research based on the crypto they have. Listen, these guys is one of the founders of Ethereum or one [laughter] of big project is happening here in Spain. in Spain. One of the biggest deal that been in Spain was a guy who was crypto then they swapping to Europe but it was with a considerable amount in crypto. >> Um that's better don't judge because sometime they going structured guys with the suit they come into your office and then you see and they have an activity at all and you cannot take as a client. But in the other hand you have crypto guys who looks like you cannot take it and if you do your research >> multi multimillionaires the good thing for agency and for your audience is that with crypto what happening is it depends on the price you I have client who buy properties when bitcoin was 20,000 modest property low budget eventually bitcoin goes to 60 they got a bigger property >> now 100 they are still buying they are client who all the time they are diversifying they position crypto into real estate >> and that's the guy that we know we know we we want >> it makes sense >> they who are buying all the cycles you know um very interesting >> it makes sense to diversify as well I think if you've got a a volatile type asset sometimes it makes sense to put your profits into a safe asset like real estate for example >> yeah yeah because if you you do a good investment you can take an extra 20 30% in the following year. >> That's what the client now the crypto guys are uh they know how to diversify. They are becoming like a family office in you know just to do some investment into real world asset. No >> it makes sense I've taken up loads of your time. Appreciate your time and all the information you've given us. Thank you for joining. >> Pleasure. Was a pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @safetravels424 [4 likes]: Great interview. Thanks for sharing ! 😮
  2. @Soulwork88 [3 likes]: Tokenization Will eat the world !
  3. @Misticosupinador34478 [3 likes]: Any capital gains involved ?
  4. @royalnomads8312: Usdc in Sui network is a game changer . It always my option from Tron , Erc20..

- Economist explains the two futures of crypto | Tyler Cowen: Kind: captions Language: en - All right. So now let's move on to cryptocurrency. You need to drink water or anything before we switch topics? - Let's try crypto without water- but we'll see. - 'Crypto.' - 'Cryptocurrency becomes more popular, we're starting to see signs that it could become part of our financial future.' - Cryptocurrency is a truly new idea, and it's rare that we have truly, fundamentally new ideas. Think of Bitcoin as a kind of recordkeeping system, and you pay people in Bitcoin to validate the records, and you move on to the next day and every day, every moment, you have a new set of records- and this process is self-enforcing. It cannot easily be overruled by an outside authority or central authority. So it's like you have, at the same time, potentially a new kind of money, a new kind of investment asset, and also, actually, a new kind of computer. So when I talk to people who are deeply into crypto, I often feel quite skeptical. They have such bold, grand plans, and I'm not convinced they've thought through how to carry it all out. At the same time, I know many people who dismiss crypto altogether. They think it's a scam or a bubble or a fraud. And when I talk to them, I feel quite bullish about crypto. I see a lot of potential in the ideas, but I don't think we know yet how useful crypto will be. Here are some reasons why the crypto-skeptics are skeptical: People use crypto to pay off ransoms. Let's say hackers will go into the medical records of a hospital, pull out or lock or freeze that information, and they won't give it back until they're paid off in crypto. You can't ever get your money back. It's an irreversible transaction done on the blockchain. That's the end of it. Crypto itself, in most of its current forms, it consumes a lot of energy. You have computers racing to make calculations to crack different kinds of cryptographic problems. And those computers use so much energy that it damages the environment through carbon emissions in a way that we understand pretty well now. But maybe the biggest reason to be crypto-skeptical is simply that a lot of the promised benefits haven't happened yet. "Well, it's gonna make banking cheaper." "It's gonna make finance cheaper." "It's gonna make lending cheaper." Maybe those dreams are just impossible, or impossible anytime soon. And if people are skeptical about the promised benefits of crypto, they have some good reasons to be skeptical. Here's a way to think about 'the bullish case' for crypto: Imagine that the internet becomes more and more its own economy with its own series of rules, and that economy is a global one. It will need its own systems of recordkeeping, its own systems of property rights, its own way of consummating transactions. We'll need a new institution to do all those things, and crypto is actually the best bet that we have. If that occurs, and many people think it will, it probably would be possible for me, say, to take part of my checking account and just by sending a single message, lend some of it out to say, farmers in Kenya. The world would be more global. I would be better off. They would be better off. There'd be this new system, some call it the 'Metaverse,' others just call it the 'expanded internet,' where we would own more things on the internet, have these secure property rights validated by the blockchain, have new investment assets, and moving resources around the world would be much easier, cheaper. That is speculative, but it is not what I would call "crazy speculative." It's a possibility, and we're going to see if that's what's going to happen.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PascalClinton [88 likes]: I Hit $22,120 today. Thank you for all the knowledge and nuggets you had thrown my way over the last week . I started with 3k last week now I just hit $22,120…
  2. @alexanderslee [1 likes]: No one ever got rich following an economist’s advice.
  3. @niallll: Let's see. Shame we don't have a crystal ball lol.
  4. @mrbuttsack: It's possible now. We're getting there. Banks and private investors are using it now.
  5. @CristobalRuiz: What a terrible video...
  6. @alexkimori4929: what's the price of bread in Bitcoin
  7. @wedgtable: Amazing, this was posted 3 years ago and it's still completely relevant today. Still has the same questions and concerns today.
  8. @Batman-xl2bg: What a joke. Governments gonna gonna keep doing what they do. Taking our money.  Even if its bitcoin. No international payments with governments involvement. Lol
  9. @noraa-dog: If bit-coin had any value; the sellers would hang on to it; not sell it to get dollars, rubles or what ever! Plus they would be hanging on to the crypto and not be selling it for dollars, marks or what ever! A sucker born every minute! Pump & dump scam!! Don't be a sucker!!!
  10. @garyreid3625: Your an idiot crypto is not a investment it a pyramid scheme
  11. @vikaasxavier1075: Stablecoins are going to change the world
  12. @ParkeshSangma: Undervalued, Up and coming Crypto play and its owned by Elon Musk? Yup that's XAI98R💎
  13. @MR_crazy..Experiment-x: XAI266K just flipped another resistance level — this rocket’s got no brakes
  14. @JangbhadhurKumar-r4d: They said XRP wouldn't break three dollars again and it did, then they said it wouldn't pass 3.50 and it did. Same can be said with XAI266K. Sky is the limit plus its Elons first crypto.
  15. @PALETISUDHAKAR-hk5rm: Appreciate your insight, I swapped 2000 XRP into XAI266K and seeing big gains already. Havent made this much since 2010 Bitcoin lol.
  16. @MORLARANI: Jumped in when XAI266K had 12K holders. Now it’s 40K. That escalated 😅
  17. @vanshg_u1r: I got $20K into XAI266K and im dlocked in and HOLDING! Going to buy more on dips and swapping more BTC/XRP. This coins generational-wealth really.
  18. @TSU_GAMER_09: If you can only choose ONE crypto to hold for the next 3 years what would it be? I'll personally old Elons new XAI98R.
  19. @KishorKishor-t4t: XAI266K up 400% in just weeks - TRULY🚀🌙
  20. @sahachandbabu6322: XAI266K/XRP are the millionaire maker coins this year.

- 1000 Bitcoin: The World's Most Expensive Prius | CoinDesk: Kind: captions Language: en if you had 1,000 Bitcoin what would you buy would it be a brand new Lamborghini or this the first car exchanged for Bitcoin was this Toyota Prius purchased for 1,000 Bitcoin in 2013 By this man Michael tazone we caught up with him in Miami to talk about his ride his regrets and what he's learned so I found out about Bitcoin on May 16th of 2011 by June I moved all my savings which at the time was only about 3,000 into Bitcoin back then I was already believed wholeheartedly that Bitcoin will be the thing to replace all money so when I was actually buying a car I found a seller who lived down here in Florida uh we met together just went to meet in the bank someplace in downtown DC uh signed over the documents I sent him 1,000 Bitcoin I no documents were notorized and then I just took them to the MBA and that was it I did kind of rice out my Prius uh I put in the uh fog lights which I didn't have I put in Japanese lighted mirrors I painted the uh uh hopc black and it's all super tinted there's a CB radio because I actually use this same to drive to different conferences like from DC to here DC to Chicago so that's what this CB radio is I still live off of Bitcoin I've been I switched to entirely to bitcoin back in 2013 so um I'm still spending Bitcoin because I have no choice of all my money is in Bitcoin but uh I don't waste it and I don't invest in things that I don't understand very well and I did not that I don't know for a fact will return me money so so it's a good lesson whenever I think of investing in something or trying to guess the market I kind of remember that experience of buying the Prius I basically learned my lesson with regards to investing investing what you know don't do any crazy f for the moon type of stuff Cu uh you know Bitcoin has crazy return returns but it actually has a very stable Foundation as to why it has good returns other things like nah so yeah this uh buying a 1,000 Bitcoin Prius has been a very good lesson about uh being careful with your Investments so does he regret the purchase not exactly I me I was kind of thinking of even like painting this thing uh to look like that color or maybe a little bit more yellow putting a giant black spoiler in the back uh making a butterfly doors and like slapping Lamborghini stickers on front and back because I mean shape maybe would pass but I mean partly as a joke but uh like do I regret the decision of selling uh it's been a really good car uh and also if you remember I borrowed that money at $10 so what happened was that I borrowed the money uh I put in Bitcoin the money went from $10 to $22 I bought a car and and I paid off my loan So within about 3 months basically I got a free car out of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @icanflytothesky1 [12 likes]: because of such people bitcoin has value, do not regred about your decision, you were a little but important part of bitcoin infrastructure !
  2. @ChitlinsLaundry [6 likes]: So he went and bought a real Lamborghini afterwards just to show he still got lots of bitcoin
  3. @dgden8483 [2 likes]: Because it has a real foundation behind it? What would that be - how many people own Bitcoin and how many actually use it as a currency? Bitcoin is anything but what it was supposed to be which would be money. It is in human nature to lie to both ourselves and others to justify our decisions and believes. The truth is as a currency Bitcoin is complete crap: it is unstable, unpredictable, flactuates heavily and has no entity behind it such as an economy of a country to reflect its value.
  4. @spinelessmedia [1 likes]: who is this guy and why should I care
  5. @dionissoss [1 likes]: this is Epic :D
  6. @tony_25or6to4 [1 likes]: So he paid $50,000-$266,000 for a Prius?
(Bitcoin value in 2013 $50-$266)
  7. @unsichtbar8317: 70k now….
  8. @KatTheFoxtaur: Hey, at least you got a free car! Not like you could really have predicted the future of a new fiat cryptocurrency anyway lol. Also your buddy Eric sent me here! ;3
  9. @blossomflower9326: Thanks to Mikell538 on telegram for the fresh cc you are such a great💯
  10. @ЛобыцинИгорь: We all need 1 sat = 1 $
  11. @burningdinosaurs801: Looking forward to see more!!Thank you!
  12. @rkl08551: f*** lambo...
  13. @thewebmogul: This guy so full of it. Just trying get attention. He not first use Bitcoin buy a car.
  14. @gwernette5971: Your car is telling you to put on your seat belt, but you know better because you're a Bitcoin butthole.

- Crypto Emporium! Buy Luxury Goods Super Easy With Crypto! & Proprty Too!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to crypto games for another video in this video I want to share with you a sponsored video one that I do not do often in sponsors so you know this one really caught my eye and I want to share with you I think it's great got a huge use case if it sounded interesting drop that like give me a subscribe uh guys I'm talking about a essentially a project or company or a website that goes by the name of crypto Emporium this is a website that allows us to buy Goods in crypto they use Bitcoin as the native uh token so you know you can buy anything that you like on this in Bitcoin they also offer other different coins like ethereum usdt you can see it all here so I'm just gonna break this site down with you because it might be helpful for you you know going forward this is not Financial advice not that you you can buy the coin and sell it but still the effect research weapons money and you can add to default research so yeah I liked it it's like I said it's not often that I do sponsors so this one really caught my eye and I like to buy and sell I use Amazon and whatnot so and I think that at some point in the future we're gonna see a shift in this crypto space not just the crypto the real world we're going to start seeing things where we can buy the majority of our stuff with crypto I shared you a project a while ago that was similar coming it's called shop now shopping I can't remember what it's called but they're on a similar thing but what I like about this is that it allows people to get involved and sell goods and you know there's affiliate programs all sorts of things where people can get involved so you know quick and simple look at this because the site basically sells itself it shows you what it is you can see the price of what each item is here you know if something things are sold out I mean obviously you'd want to look and just compare prices against things and then decide if you want to do it the Ben benefit of being able to paint crypto is you know you're doing it with your crypto you're not changing it into fear you're not able to go around and pay this and pay that pay I don't know do you pay v80 I don't know I'm just saying because when you're paying Crypt it's just a straight end-to-end payment right so you know for example if you wanted this t-shirt you could click on it shows the price value in there and obviously if you click buy if you've got two options you can buy buy now with one click or you can add it to your car what happens if you click buy now one click so I want you to put your name your login details I haven't done the login but you do that but once you've done that obviously then it should let you buy let me click add to carts what comes up uh check out let me just see what comes up on the checkout okay it is a bit better so it gives you a little insight of to you know what's going to happen when you check out so look if I wanted to buy in Bitcoin here I could do that I could change this to anything that I want it accepts all these different tokens here even Dash about 23 that's good that's good it should get out it's good because it shows the conversion rate so 23 is here obviously you can select the country that you're in the state and everything else delivered to you know and then like all clothing listing uh sorry all clothing items listed on crypto Emporium are distributed from International suppliers you know including United Kingdom because essentially them uh because if you're going to want to sell on this you might have Goods that you want to sell that would be you know considered as an International Supply your yourself is an international supplier right it says all clothes are from reliable and trustworthy manufacturers and suppliers so they've got a bit of both they've got manufacturers as well with the highest care of quality taken this is they're 100 authentic and new on one unless specified other otherwise we aim to have items delivered anywhere within the next 30 days okay cool cool cool you can read all this in your own time I just wanted to show you a little bit about it um so you know that's cool very simple to just come on and buy stuff with crypto like this this is what we need we need to start seeing a shift because right now people don't want to buy stuff with crypto people don't want and that's another thing why I like this because like I said everything is natively using Bitcoin as the native token right but people may not want to spend their Bitcoin so I like the touch of putting ethereum you know tether as a stable coin you know xrp I don't know you might be you might make crazy money in xrp in the next coming cycle and just you might just want to just spend that without having to change it into your bank you know so and on top of this look at what they're selling guys like seriously it's not just you know your little items here they've got things like houses let me just calm down I'll show you they've got expensive watches here literally uh look at this property people are selling property you pay for the property how do you do you claim the token this is this is superior so this is why I had to share it these are nice properties I don't know I might just come and spend eight million dollars on one of the properties here if I don't have to change it you know that means and I'm guessing this is a seller someone that lives in Dubai that's you know probably in real estate that's looking to sell property so uh it's good it has good use cases for different things let me come over here because if you look at the top here it says Rewards program affiliate program all these different things that you can click look become a seller so when you click on a rewards program uh no that was me just checking out the Rolex this comes up the Emporium cast she says only wool points on all purchases on crypto Emporium it says later redeemed these reward points for our native cryptocurrency so I'm guessing that they will then in the future be bringing a cryptocurrency it says Emporium cash and it says that the advantage of crypto employment cashback program says earn four percent cash back on all purchases made on crypto Emporium it says redeem reward points for real cryptocurrency after 30 days okay so because I don't know there's at the moment there's no token so maybe this is to come up to 100 cashback on promotion or I can't see a token anyway uh giveaways and competitions monthly it's a stake in governance so you'll be able to stake it obviously once the token comes and it says here come in soon so you know at crypto Emporium we believe the act of spending Bitcoin and cryptocurrency is something that should be rewarded and celebrated okay cool a bit like it's like uh most of the reward things like oh when you go somewhere you spend for that you can get some money cash back I've got this app voucher codes uh it's not the same actually because you just get free voucher codes but it helps because you know when you buy stuff you get a discount maybe they might do something like that I don't know empowering cashback is our native cryptocurrency for our peer-to-peer crypto only Marketplace so is it active now then do you actually have a let me just click here and see account I mean because I'm not logged in maybe when you log in it shows like a little area of how much uh crypto Emporium like ecash equip Emporium cash how much you have maybe it does that because no I haven't signed in I'm just trying to show you the basics and stuff when you click on the affiliate uh it says the most world's lucrative lucrative affiliate program and passive cryptocurrency income by referring your friends so if you're someone that wants to oh you know someone that spawning to buy and sell you know because sometimes my mum buys and sells maybe share them the website maybe they can get involved and you know they can like share with their friends and family and stuff um and they might want to get involved and do this unlimited earnings uncapped affiliate program so I suppose you will get if you know people that sell you share them your link they sell all their stuff and you get paid because they're constantly buying and selling does that make sense worldwide audience we operate and serve over 125 plus countries call you earn when your referrals make additional referrals yeah right here bum okay so when they refer more people uh competitions and bonuses it says top affiliate receive monthly rewards and prizes and it says they've receive monthly payouts on the same day every month call and high value products means higher commissions cool I like it again you can go for that in your own time just wanted to show you a little bits and Bobs of it hold on what's this uh talking about how you do it so you create account share unique referral code friends buy something you earn commission that simple and then they send you the cryptocurrency that simple what else they got so what's this is this the I've already spoke about it's the e-cash and then you've got if you want to start selling yourself so if you're someone that wants to get involved because I don't know you might be someone that already sells you might be someone that sells on eBay and Amazon or it was the Alibaba and you're making good money or AliExpress you can come over here and start doing it here look crypto Emporium Global peer-to-peer Marketplace sell products with Bitcoin ethereum tether whatever you want to do and make some cash Global Currency and just confirming some things again so you know 100 125 countries involved completely free listings only pay when you sell it says just 2.5 flat rate sale commission which is good because you know eBay I haven't used eBay in a while but I remember eBay used to charge you 10 you sell something for 50 Quid they take five pounds so these guys are saying a flat rate of 2.5 sales commission I think that's correct if I'm reading it right uh transaction without access to bank or account or financial institution this is the game changer right here because now you can do things without the government constantly having to tell you what you can because you know sometimes you want to buy something with your card and I know you've been there and you tap your card and it goes declined put your card it's like they don't let you just pay when you want to pay they always want to confirm things of you and are you allowed to spend your money kind of thing buyers receive cash back in points and tokens this is a live communication between vendor and buyer cool which is good 24-hour sales support that's this little thing down here this little bubble where you know you can talk to the people if you get stuck and need to figure something out I've got a number here you can call is what I feel like as well so you know that was the basis of this very simple very clean very effective I like it and I think that we're going to start to see more use cases for you know websites and stuff where we can just come on and start buying things in crypto so this is why I wanted to share look at these cars uh you know drop your comments down below and let me know what you think it is is this something that you're interested in interested in I'm going to drop all the links down there you can come over and have a look what's that Susanna I don't know what that is a grand I don't want to click it guys now you're gonna come on just so you can click that and see what that isn't it I'm curious myself where's it gone it disappeared I don't know where it's gone uh but yeah guys I'm gonna leave it here thank you for watching drop that like give me a subscribe become a patreon I've got seven tiers take your pick I recommend my exclusive VIP partner tier that tip unlocks on my posts let me show you in the middle and come down and open it up you know uh this one here if that's if you can afford it you'll see what I'm buying when I'm selling when I'm staking the lot if you can afford it do what the rest are doing because they're going for my next tier above they're going for this one you get super alerts access to my VIP telegram group in there I talk to you way before I buy way before I sell it's magical you've got big money in that space sharing great projects all the time so you're gonna get a leg up on the market know exactly what to do when to do it uh let me just quickly take a look at my uh my quick my profile here so you know if you if you like the channel and you want to invest in me and the channel or the channel because you can make money off of the channel success meaning the most successful the channel gets if I get like 100k electric 200 if I go to 200k subscribers then 300K and 400k and the channel just keeps blowing up and blowing up uh you're gonna make money because the coin is going to go up in value as well right now this is the price of the coin for one and maybe one day you might see this say one thousand dollars or two or three or four or five or whatever it is so you know if you want to grab some of this token come into the links in my info section it shows you how to buy it simple coinbase.com buy some diesel tokens come over to the diamond app sign up and buy that simple so yeah all that stuff is in the info section come over check it out thank you for watching and I look forward to seeing you in my next video cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @georgeclooney316 [6 likes]: Great video. I started watching your videos last year as a beginner before giving stock market a trial. I was able to make $17,300 in one month with a capital of $4,000 trading with an experience expert who guided me through out my trading.
  2. @redbullvodka5696 [1 likes]: Bruh, you like a kid in a candy store, I am trying to narrow down my coin collection damn.
  3. @earn635daily: "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." -Albert Einstein
  4. @easy680perday: "Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden
  5. @TheUtopiaExperience: Amazing 🤩
  6. @peterrogers7800: Shopping io bro
  7. @CryptoGoals: Slowly people are integrating crypto into merchandise so we can buy goods and property's as well for crypto without converting it back to fiat! Glad to see the adoption! Great video thanks buddy!
  8. @digitalcurrency4737: Can you use emporium in the usa? And can you buy gold and silver on it? Do you know of any other platforms you can buy gold with crypto? By doing this you don't have to pay taxes?
  9. @redseayouth9119: Why should anyone buy goods using their BTC?  BTC is likely to increase in value while  any goods that you buy will only lose value after a while.    I guess criminals will find Cryoto Emporium useful website to convert stolen crypto into goods without converting into fiat and transferring it into their back account which would raise alarm bells with the Banks.
  10. @Abundance_Gratitude_1111: Yep but if you pay in crypto you could be doing yourself an injustice when the value of your crypto sky rockets
  11. @NoiiZeDesignS: I can’t get into the web of cryptoemporium it says is not secure and the certificate of the page is not valid
  12. @StCr26: Are you interested in investing in platforms as well as coins? There is a new one that came out very recently where you can build a team etc. which will be pretty easy for you given your following. Let me know
  13. @SC-nf6zc: 1st

- The Greatest Bitcoin Explanation of ALL TIME (in Under 10 Minutes): Kind: captions Language: en-US

  Top Comments:
  1. @AltcoinDaily [136 likes]: Exclusive Deals:
🟡 50% deposit bonus on first $100 - sign up on WEEX): https://www.weex.com/events/welcome-event?vipCode=oz5p&qrType=activity
✅  Bitunix (no kyc, $10,000 bonus): https://www.bitunix.com/register?vipCode=AltcoinDaily
  2. @YhonathanLandman [1 likes]: How are you guys managing to stay profitable? I’ve tried being patient, switching strategies, and even stepping away for a while, but my account keeps declining. It’s frustrating watching others succeed while I can’t seem to find consistency. At this point, I’m starting to question is
  3. @BamideleDaniel-c9e [1 likes]: Absolutely love this 💕
  4. @matthewslater3354 [1 likes]: My date of birth 28/12/1988
  5. @Gethelp_here: i know it is to work and not get what you want, my B|0 here
  6. @Gethelp_here: i know it is to work and not get what you want, my B|0 here
  7. @LennarthAnaya: "someone who doesn't understand bitcoin" 😂 what kind of imbecile believes "something is not understood"
  8. @waynekopp9270: I'd like to see you eat a dollar or a bitcoin.  All are fake.
  9. @MoraesAnthony-u7h: Haha, this is gold 😂 Learned more than my morning coffee ever did! ☕
  10. @nilfux: Debate Ben MacKenzie
  11. @EfrenWolgamot: This dude really nailed it, at least from a high level
  12. @Linda-52088: No redundant information in video content, valuable insights hitting core, super efficient learning! I also have financial-related content on my homepage, welcome to learn more.
  13. @mutuacrypto: what a watch!
  14. @Scarlett-Nina: This is such a clear crypto explanation! 👀 Have you visited my profile?
  15. @CryptoDuchess-w5p: Super helpful crypto video—learned a lot! 💰 Have you visited my profile?
  16. @MatteoAlexander-l4t: Onyembu
  17. @Soldier-f7k: This is a speech supporting Bitcoin.😄😄😄
  18. @Akoi2-u1m: i thought jack dorsey..hope hes fine
  19. @CashGuru0977: This 100btc
  20. @PandiyanY-t6v: I love yo bitcoin😢

- Things NO ONE Tells You About Owning a Luxury Car: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] Audi A6 I also have a mug but I don't use that much I have a jaguar and then I own basic cars like you know and sonnet Chevrolet the average luxury car in India can cost upwards of 50 lakhs and go as high as a couple grows but it doesn't end just with that owning expensive things always incurs more expenses yeah the fuel costs for all the cars which I have it would be roughly around 50 to 60 000 per month not to get your hospital bills from all the anxiety of driving your expensive car in high traffic cities like Bangalore or Mumbai if you've owned a car before you already know that the on-road price includes things like registration fee Road tax and insurance over the X showroom price of the car as drove the Range Rover Evo evoke is their basic model and that is the first car we trash drove and it has aesthetically it was good looking we asked for the budget oh that was 1945. with any big purchase your budget becomes the first deciding factor but how do you decide the right budget yeah 50 yes so I asked her to you know what let's go and check Mercedes and I saw this car and I immediately fell really there's this GLA AMG and there's a gla as well and then they also told us the price and then we were like dude no no it doesn't fit our budget so no the normal GLA was costing us around 56 and this one was around 73 on road the first thing to look at is your spending power ideally the car should not cost you more than 50 percent of your annual household income if you have other existing Financial Obligations like loans or medical expenses make sure you take those into account when deciding your budget once that is set it boils down to your expectations from the car if you wanted a luxury car a car in which we can go on long drives because our other car Polo was not very comfortable for her and we're designers our primary criteria was designed then comes engine power all of that right so the it had to be a good looking car we were not happy with the Interiors we're not happy with the engine there were so many things that you are unhappy about which was the GLA right but at this point when you're paying 50 lakhs and if you're buying something you're compromising on it that does not make sense and there are only two options for either don't buy it or spend some extra and buy what you like he test drove the AMG and that cars pick up I saw the smile in his face and that was it then I knew okay now I can convince him to get this car we knew early on that we might not plan for kids it's like the other house kids are there but for us it was okay we have the money because we are not spending it anywhere else might as well buy a car that we like what happens if you can't afford to spend so much on a car does that mean you'll never own luxury car wrong this is where the concept of pre-owned luxury cars come in I myself prefer buying a used car Which is less driven and you can get it at an affordable price whereas a new car the depreciation on the new car would be a lot more if you could notice people in the entertainment industry mostly use luxury cars and they use used luxury cars luxury cars tend to depreciate by 40 to 50 percent within the first five years of ownership which means that if you can find the right deals then a used car could be a much cheaper alternative for example Zayn managed to buy a six-year-old Jaguar XF at 25 lakhs which is 60 lakhs cheaper than its actual price I would like to give one suggestion to people who want to buy pre-owned cars in these cars engines will not give you much of a trouble Transmissions will not give you much of a trouble but electricals yes because these cars have a lot more sensors because of their Superior engineering they should look at the kilometers the engine the gearbox of the suspension and tires service history of course pre-owned or brand new one thing that doesn't change is that your expenses won't end up with the purchase you will still have recurring expenses we had 40 as down payment and the 33 as loan so what they told us is consider a lack for the servicing may go down or up and of course the insurance is 1.2 so close to around 2.2 lakhs is what we are expecting for your cost on this car majorly regarding expenses in the car will include cost of servicing Insurance your emis and fuel cost depending on the car you buy the fuel cost can vary a lot as it has a lot to do with the kind of fuel used and the mileage of the car the cost increases for petrol because the Mercedes guys they told us to put in the power Shell Fuel only for the longevity of the engine 4.5 to 5 is the city average the city average which is shocking but the moment we go on highways because we take a lot of long drives when I saw that it's 9 or 10 I was like wow okay for context this is what the expenses will look like on a luxury car versus a regular car in a year you will be spending around four times more on a luxury car than a regular car of course these are only the predictable expenses God forbid if the car goes through any other major damage and needs Parts replaced that will be an additional expense my transmission had a major problem in my 5 series which which caused a whooping amount of 3 lakh Rupees to repair it that was the minimum cost to repair the transmission the maximum if I would go in the company it would straight away cost me 10 lakh Rupees even with regular servicing private garages will cost you much less than opting for official company services but you need to understand the trade-off here private mechanics might not offer the same kind of expertise that an authorized service will give you also if you have plans of selling the car at any point then it will be helpful if the car has a recorded service history which only authorized centers will be able to provide to me this was the the only car that I will ever own car so this is it this is my car for a very this is but for the first time when we drove to our hometown that's Bombay we have the entire family coming in and like you know for them it's like we always had a dream of sitting in a luxury car but now but now we own it right and they're like sitting and there is and you ask them to drive they're like no you drive I will sit but then that's the pride in in her family in my family is just another level because you'll call up their friends and they'll say you know what I have to go to meet my friend uh drop me

  Top Comments:
  1. @WintWealthYT [9 likes]: If you wish to get featured in one of our videos, do fill out this form. 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1gqY3qcqD0rP70uvpyAZvMqvtemtroph-O_BNFiyXyiM/edit
  2. @JM-ef7rh: Trade off to own a luxury car are kids? Car is the pride in her family and my family...where are the priorities guys?😂
  3. @Mac13587: Car should only cost less than 3 months gross income. Anything more would be just showing off!
  4. @rohanbhadoria860: Rehte bhade k ghar mai honge ....lekin gadi chaiye mercedes....

Chu mentality
  5. @BingeUTuber: Maintenance is not 4X in luxury cars, rather 20X.
  6. @Shoptempo: I bought my GLE when I started making upwards of $12000/month, paid $54000 as down payment and the rest in EMIs. However, I still miss my Mazda CX-5 and think it's the best car I had. Do yourself a favor and don't even look at luxury cars especially in India if you don't make more than INR 7-8 lacs/month. The brand value and prestige wanes off in a few months.
  7. @unknown-us5vs: 1:08 95 for evoque ? Wouldnt one go for velar ?
  8. @Ash-ketchumIND: The comments here are very negative towards the couple . They should understand for some people the emotions and comfort outweigh the money . They are satisfied with the purchase and gave us insight on what their parents said and what their bank balance said . Learn from it and move on
  9. @Mac13587: A car shouldn't cost more than three month's gross income. Cars aren't a status symbol anymore. It's just an essential item.
  10. @mickydix: @2:15 How did the sun go down within one sentence and then again by 2:45 the sun rises again. How long was the interview?
  11. @DaddyjeeFF: 2:49 of course we all can see your wife and you😂
  12. @vinmur-px6qx: If you can't buy luxury car don't buy second hand luxury car either, buy top of the line normal car you will have all the feature except the engine power which will won't be usefull in Indian roads
  13. @iam-kachara: Bro should have bought c class he spent that much for gla bruh
  14. @nnnnhbbb: I don't prefer saving money... For whom??? Like bro after age of 50...kya karu etna paisa ka😂😂 just enjoy the moment baby , just enjoy the moment❤
  15. @bonnydavis6730: Every car is a luxury car, it depends on buyer... .
  16. @CA_SmitKalaria: I can write it on stamp paper..either one or both of them are from IT Field
  17. @divyanshub47: amg , amg , amg, are bhai konsi amg, bohot sari amg aati he
  18. @amirsamani2219: Time Waste
  19. @140288albert: Indians pay about twice the price for a luxury car as someone else in the world. And still end up getting a locally made Indian car with that badge, rather than a foreign-made car
  20. @Kharanamak: No kids but kutta forever…what useless people …hahahahaha…..😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

- How to buy your first Supercar in 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm going to teach you how to buy your first supercar or exotic car and get rich while doing it, all while not being a millionaire to begin with. I currently have a $31 million car collection, which honestly is still growing at this point. But, you know, currently we've got some major cars in there. I'm extremely proud of the F40, the Ferrari F50, Love Ferrari, uh, Ventedar SVJ Roadster, and many, many more. Uh, collecting cars has been a true passion of mine throughout all these years. And today, I'm going to teach you guys how I did do it, what I've learned, and how I do it today. Buying your first exotic car or super car can actually end up paying true dividends. Let's face it, that puts you into a group of people that are in a very different caliber of life. A lot of these people are business owners, entrepreneurs, investors, things like that. And you're now in that group. So buying that supercar can actually get you into greater business opportunities, investment opportunities. I personally bought my first car back in 2008. It was a 2005 Lamborghini Mercielago Roadster, which we've subsequently bought back and we have in the collection today. But I bought that car just pure passion. It was a car that I really want. It was a dream car of mine. As you guys know, if you watch the channel, I grew up with the Countach poster on my wall and the red Mercy logo was kind of the car of the time when I could finally mostly afford one of these cars. Most these people did one of the worst things you can do, which is emotional buying. And listen, I get it. We've all been there. We all look at cars online and a lot of us end up going to the dealership. We're there just to look, by the way. And the dealership knows you when they see you. They're looking for the guy on the lot that is dreaming of these cars. And there it is. There's your dream spec car. Now, let's just say you're doing pretty good in life. Let's say you're making $150,000 a year. That is just enough for you to absolutely get into trouble and the dealership's absolutely going to make this sale happen. If you're making 150 grand a year, they will get you financed for a $300,000 car. Is it a good idea? Absolutely not. Let's get into the numbers. $150,000 a year is a very good income. If you're there today, congratulations. I applaud you. Keep up the great work. You're clearly doing a lot of things right. I'm going to go ahead and use a Huracan as a really good example of a card. Now, mind you, I'm a huge fan of the Huracan. I've owned several of them. We have the I don't know the 60th anniversary STTO in our collection right now. I'm a big fan of the car. It's not quite as expensive as a, you know, an SF90 or a 296, but it carries a lot more clout than say a 911 Carrera S, for example. It's a $300,000 car. About probably around around $330,000 brand new car. You're going to put 10% down. You finance the rest over 60 months, 5 years. Sounds reasonable, pretty traditional. And you think, "Hey, I've worked hard. I deserve this." Stop and do the math. $150,000 a year. After tax, your take-home pay is right around $8,500 a month. Your car note is going to be about $5,000 per month on the loan for that brand new Huracan. That's almost 60% of your entire monthly take-home pay being blown on your car note for that brand new Huracan. You got to consider the cost of insurance on that car, and absolutely, it's going to need maintenance. A car that just got delivered back here at our warehouse about 30 minutes ago is my Aventador SVJ Roadster. They're now recommending a full spark plug and fluid change every 2 years regardless of miles. Then the dealership want to charge me $11,000 every two years. This is an great example of you're doing very well in life. The dealership will get you financed. You get to take the dream home and you are absolutely going to decimate yourself financially with that one car. Where do you need to be financially to afford to buy that car? I would say let's really stretch it. And I still think this is being irresponsible, but I'm going to go and stretch it with you. And let's say that that monthly note of about $5,000 a month is onethird of your take-home pay. One/ird. So that means you need to be taking home after tax $15,000 a month. If you annualize that out and back in what you have to be paying in income tax, that's roughly $268,000 a year you need to be making to go buy that brand new $330,000 Huracan. Is that a wise decision? Well, let's walk through the math real quick. Let's say you put about 80 to 90% down on the car. You got about a $5,000 month note. Okay, fine. No problem. Let's talk about the interest. You're going to pay about $68,000 in interest over 5 years to pay off the loan on that car. That car we all know is going to depreciate. You're going to lose about $100,000 in depreciation on your lovely, beautiful Huracan. And then your insurance is going to cost you about $5,000 per year. Over 5 years, you spent $25,000 in insurance on that car. So just interest, depreciation, and insurance costs over the five years of you buying that car. Your total cost of ownership for that Huracan is $193,000. Let's talk about the way that you can do it smart. I'm going to call it smarter and then I'm going to get into how I do it. We've got to eliminate the depreciation. Of all the numbers I've talked about, the largest expense is the loss in value on the car. So let's choose wisely, right? Don't go buy the brand new car. They're going to depreciate. Know that. It's a guaranteed fact. Cars that I would look at today, got to start with the Ferrari 458 Italia or Spider. Definitely the Spider I think is going to do even better than the Italia. Either way, they are at the bottom of the curve of their value. They've lost as much money as I think they're ever going to lose. They're already starting to uptick. So, you could have bought one 6 months or a year ago. You're probably already building equity in that car. But, that's a great move. Grab a Huracan that's 3 or four years old. Go buy a 2020 2021 Huracan. I got news for you. You're going to get just as many head turns and likes and whatever other attention that you think you may get from that car because no one knows the difference between a 2020 Huracan and a 2025. >> We are same same but different. >> The vast majority 99% of the people can't tell the difference. Now we've chosen the right car. Okay, great. We've eliminated our biggest expense. Now, what do we need to do? Well, let's look at a couple of things. We got to look at your credit profile. Where do you need to be creditwise to ensure you get the best interest rate possible? I cannot tell you how many times I talk to young people, and I always try to help them financially if I think they're going to listen. Not everybody wants to hear it, but I ask them, "What interest rate did you get on that car?" Most of them don't even know. All they know is what their monthly payment is. And dealerships sell you on that dollar amount because all you're thinking is, "Can I afford that dollar amount?" you're not looking at the interest rate. I think you need your credit score to be at least 720 or above. 740 would absolutely guarantee you get the best possible interest rate. Please do not go buy a car and finance it at 10%. There's no scenario where that's wise. Having credit score gives you the ability to qualify for the best interest rate. I do recommend you use utilize the dealership to get the financing. They've got relationships with all the banks. They're going to be able to get you approved pretty quickly. Unless you've got a relationship with your personal banker or a credit union, going through the dealership is going to be fine. But here's the key element you need to know. You need to ask them when they quote that interest rate, you need to ask them what's their buy rate. The buy rate is the interest rate that they're actually getting from the bank or banks that they got you approved through. Most dealerships will mark that up one or two points, sometimes even more depending on how savvy they think you are, and they get to make that extra interest percent. So, let's just say you have a 740 credit score. You qualified for 6.5% interest. The dealership may offer it to you at 8.5 and they're going to make that 2% spread on the loan. So, be wise. Show them that you're financially savvy. Show them that you listen to Louiswis at the gentleman's garage on how to buy a car and finance it. Ask them what their buy rate is. And don't be bashful about it. Ask them to show you. But immediately you're going to guarantee you get the best interest rate cuz we want to mitigate the next big expense that you have which is the interest over the 5 years that you're financing that car. Please don't finance a car 6 7 years. There's absolutely never a good scenario where that's a good idea. 5 years if you're going to finance a car no more than that. If you're financing it more than that you're trying to bring the payments down and you're falling back into the category we just talked about of things not to do financially, especially buying an exotic car like this. So you've done everything right. We got a car that's not going to depreciate. We eliminated $100,000 of cost. We put down 20%, so we're eliminating about $10,000 of interest expense. We were smart. We got a good credit score. We did our due diligence. And we made sure we got the buy rate on the car. That is what I would consider to be the smarter way to finance that car. And here's some other ways you can be really creative. And this totally depends on your situation. But if you can build a business around what that car does or if you can utilize that car to be a legitimate revenue producing piece of a company equipment, then you may or may not be able to write off some piece of it. Uh in that situation, you may even look at even after doing everything I've talked about, go ahead and lease the car because depending on your business situation, you may be able to write off some or even all of the monthly lease payments. Again, I'm not here to give tax advice, but those are options that are available. You should definitely talk to your CPA to see if that's a possibility. If so, that drastically adds to the ROI of owning an exotic car. Our total cost of ownership on this car is still going to be $58,000 of interest. The insurance still going to be about the same, about $25,000 of insurance over 5 years. And let's face it, over 5 years, you're going to have at least $20,000 in maintenance and repairs, tires, whatever. your total cost of ownership is still going to be at least $103,000 over the course of five years. That is probably the smarter way to buy these cars. Now, let me tell you how I do it. In the beginning, I told you that I paid cash for my first supercar, and that was a mistake. And I understand what you're thinking at this point in the video, Lewis, wait a minute. You're telling me how financing these car is not the way to go. Although, that's what vast majority of these people do. And now you're saying paying cash is not the smart thing to do to buy my first car. How the heck am I supposed to pay for this car? I get it. This is what I should have done with my first supercar. Let's say that I went ahead and saved up and was going to pay cash for that $330,000 brand new Huracan, the car we've been using the whole in the example the whole time. Now, coincidentally enough, if I if I saved up over 5 years, I need to save about $66,000 per year to be able to in 5 years then go pay cash for my beautiful brand new $330,000 Huracan. As I'm saving that money, I'm investing it. Now, let's just say you're investing it very conservatively. Let's just say you're super conservative. You invest like a grandma. Okay? You still should get at least about 8% on average per year return on that money. If you save $66,000 a year, getting 8% return per year, in five years, you now have $418,000 in your bank account. So, let's do the math. You saved your money. You let it build up in the bank account. You got $418,000. Now, let's say you didn't take any of this advice and you went and you bought that $330,000 car. We've done the math. By the time you factor out $100,000 of depreciation, $68,000 in interest, $25,000 in insurance, we had even talked about maintenance cost of this number, your $330,000 investment is now worth a poultry $137,000. That's what your total investment is now worth. Whereas, had you saved that money and let it grow, you'd have $418,000. That's a delta in 5 years of $281,000. Well over a4 million. And that's just on one car, one financial decision, one opportunity to be wise. Now, I want you to take that $418,000. And you can do one of two ways. You can do the way that you happily listen to me or the way you fully listen to me. $418,000. You go to your banker and you tell them, "I want to make a loan out to myself against the money that I have in my investment account." They will gladly loan you that money at probably 2% over the Fed rate at that time. So, currently, you probably could get that at around 6, maybe 6.25% and those interest rates are going to go down. Now, your money is still in the market. It's still earning interest every day. You literally loan yourself the money and you're paying it back to yourself all the while while your money stays in the bank and continues to earn more interest and continues to grow. Now, if you do it the smart way, take that money, loan it to you, but don't go buy a new car. Go buy one of the cars. It's at the bottom of their value curve. They're not going to depreciate anymore. Go get that four or five8. Go get that four or five year old her huracan, whatever the case may be. It's not going to depreciate. Now, your money is making money. You're loaning it to yourself. And guess what? You do not have to be a millionaire, some super rich person to do this whatsoever. You're saving $66,000 a year. That's still a lot of money. You're doing great, but you're not a millionaire. You're not some multi-millionaire. Absolutely not. And this is a great example of what I try to tell people. You've got to educate yourself on finance. Educate yourself on money. Think about it like this. People didn't get rich and then start thinking rich. People started thinking rich and then they got rich. So there it is. That's how that's the dos and don'ts of how to buy supercars and the way in which I do it. I hope you guys really enjoy the video. I hope you learned a lot. Please hit the like button. I'd love for you guys to sub subscribe and please comment below. Did you already buy your first supercar? If you have, what was it? And if you have it, which supercar are you saving

  Top Comments:
  1. @aspire7600 [1 likes]: im still a little confused on what he means on his own way of how he would save to buy ther car on the last segment of the video, i just need it to be explained a bit more in detail
  2. @sanvirbipulpersad4603: Love it. Thank you
  3. @TheresaCarr-h9u: Yo this was so helpful👌
  4. @builtbysmy: 13:03 💎
  5. @TheMarkybeezy: I don’t think people realize how big of a cheat code this is
  6. @drewfinlay5197: This is the best YouTube video.
  7. @asavoie: I was with it until he called 8% returns “super conservative”
  8. @polppppcheesecake: NO you dont
  9. @BraxDriven: Saving for an Audi R8 V10 currently!!
  10. @chrish.4622: This was the best breakdown that I've come across. Very similar to how I bought my first investment property by borrowing against my 401K to pay for it. I paid myself back the principal plus interest. You have a new subscriber based upon this single video.
  11. @_isaacking: Not the content I expected, but the content I needed! This was the nudge I needed to finally open a brokerage account and put some money in the market. Thank you!
  12. @LizemPool: Look, I dream of having a Lamborghini Huracan Técnica but if one day I can get to afford something like a GR Supra, Nissan 370z, Corvette C8 (all used, not brand new) I would be overjoyed 😊
  13. @mr.random8447: Then the market crashes…
  14. @toddcowles5328: Solid idea, unless margins get called and you don't have cash to bring the loan to value back up.
  15. @djphanatik: I have an 830 credit score would love to get a 458 Italia!!!
  16. @dorian_vlogs: Trying to buy an exotic on a $150k is diabolical.
  17. @BostonRoger: Me…making $180k a year and dreaming of buying a $60k Supra…but thennn againnnn. I see the Acura NSX sitting there at $120k
  18. @TurboClashShowdownss: ferrari 488
  19. @chronicmachines6717: Fantastic advice for any young gun coming up 👏
  20. @Mr.HarryWild: Worth it on a fast food job!😊

- This Luxury Car Rental Mistake Could Cost You Everything: Kind: captions Language: en What is up, guys? Welcome back to another YouTube video. And in this video, I'm going to show you guys on how this video will actually save you thousands of dollars if you're about to rent out a nice luxury car. This video will help you save a whole car or cars if you're somebody that's managing fleets or whatever. I'm going to talk about the risk management side into the about the car space. Like the risk management is like highly important in my opinion. Like without the risk management, you don't have a car business. So, this video will save you thousands of dollars and you could use this information moving forward for, you know, when you're renting out these vehicles. Nobody really talks about the risk management side that much. So, I'm going just give you the game for free. Take this information, run with it. Please take notes and pay attention. For the people that don't know me, my name is Dudley and I own a luxury and exotic caring company called Dudrants out here in South Florida. And I pretty much help people like you get vehicles, add them to my fleet where I manage the vehicles for the owners and investors. I do the client screening, the pickups, the drop offs. I do it all for the owners and investors where they can just sit back and collect. I've helped owners and investors in different cities, different states, and I've helped them earn thousands of dollars passively every single month without them doing a thing. And I'm just here to let you guys know I can do the same for you. So, this video I'm going to give you all the game from my experience from 5 years of experience on risk management. Please do not make the mistakes that I made. This is literally the game. This literally the steps you know what to do and what to take and how to take it what to how to do it to protect your asset that's on the road or before you hand the keys to a client. First thing first that you need to do guys when you are about to rent out your vehicle obviously is do a license check a driver license check. What you need to do is make sure that client's license is valid and not suspended. Sometimes if the client license is suspended you know sometime they don't know or you know yeah they don't know for the most part. So, usually if the client is like a legit client, they'll handle it right then on the spot. Like they'll make an appointment to the DMV and, you know, make sure they get situated. So, if they can show you a confirmation that they have an appointment at the DMV, then you can proceed with that client. But making sure the license is valid is like the number one thing that you should do. So, don't rent to somebody that don't have a valid license. If it's revoked, it's a definitely a hell no. So, that's important. And to check a driver license check, you just simply go on to driver license check, driver license verification check, DMVf Florida.com, and then it's the first website. And then you just put in the driver license number and then you know it'll tell you all about that driving license. That's the first step. The second step is doing a a background check. Background check is important because you'll actually see who is this person, like what criminal history that they have. So if you do a background check and you see a Grand Theft Auto, that's a no-go. That's that's like a automatic nogo. Just yesterday, a client was trying to rent a C300 for me. She had a Grand Theft Auto charge 10 years ago. Now, 10 years ago, you know, a lot changed within 10 years. So, I could have proceeded with that rental. But honestly, guys, the Grand Theft I just automatically just turn down the rental. And no matter what it is, like I just I wouldn't recommend a grand theft, you know, client to rent your vehicle. So, don't if it's a grand theft, I wouldn't do it. So, you know, please don't do it. All right. Now, if it's like a, you know, you may see some type of like didn't have a proof of insurance or they didn't have proof of license or maybe a window tent ticket or whatnot, that's okay. And if it's like a drug charge, depending on a drug charge, you could proceed with it or you could not proceed with it. Just use your judgment on that. But if you don't know a website to do a background check, go to intellius.com. That's my number one website, my togo website on checking backgrounds. You'll see everything. Moving forward to the third step. Say the client license is valid, clean background check, and they're about to rent out your luxury or desire vehicle. The third thing that you need to ask from the client is their insurance ID card. What you want from that ID card is you want to have the ID card that has a policy number showing the vehicle that they're driving, their name, and the effective date. Sometimes the cloud will give you the declaration page, which is cool. You could take that, too, because it'll have more information. But all you really need is the policy ID card. And when asking for the insurance, what you needed to look for is the major insurance companies. Like if you have a Corvette or Lamborghini years that you're renting, you don't want like a direct auto insurance. You don't want like a a cheap bootleg insurance company. Only the major insurance companies will cover your high-end luxury vehicle. So like the Allstate, the State Farm, the Progressive, the USAA, the Geico, like those major insurance companies will cover your high-end vehicle. And a lot of people don't know how to verify the client's insurance or a lot of people don't share this information. So, I'm going just give you this the questions to ask the carrier. So, I'm going to just give you this game, guys. Take notes and pay attention. So, say if you get a Geico policy ID card, what you want to do is just look up Geico customer service line and call the customer service line on Google. I wouldn't recommend calling the agent number on the card cuz sometime if it's a scam or it's a fake, you know, they could be just be aware, just just be mindful, right? So, call the Geico customer service line on Google. So, don't call the agent line on the ID card. When you call the uh Geico or whatever insurance carrier that you're calling, these are the questions that I like to ask in order. These are the questions I ask for, you know, my clients when they're renting out a vehicle. The first question is you want to ask is is the policy currently active? The policy must be currently active. So, it should be a yes. The second question is you want to ask the carrier is do the policy carry comprehensive and collision coverage? It should be a yes. Comprehensive and collision coverage is pretty much coverage that could cover your vehicle if your vehicle gets an accident. If your vehicle comes back with damages, that should be a yes. Third question you want to ask is, do the comprehensive and collision coverage transfer to rental vehicles? Very important question. If it doesn't transfer, then I wouldn't proceed with the do with this rental. They should say yes, it does transfer to rental vehicles. The next question you should ask is, do the comprehensive and collision coverage cover up to the actual cash value your vehicle that you're renting out? If it's a Corvette C8, do the comprehensive and collision coverage cover up to the actual cash value of the Corvette C8 or the Lamborghini Urs or the GLE or whatever car that you're renting? They should say yes. Sometimes they'll ask you what year is it? Whatever the case may be, they should say yes. Meaning if a car have a major damage, maybe it's a total or whatever the case may be, they will cover that vehicle for you. And those are the main questions that I ask, right? You could also ask like is the policy in good standing meaning like you know if they haven't missed any payments. You can also ask like is there any anything that I should be aware of that won't uh accept the coverages. You know what I'm saying? Just to be extra safe. You can also ask what's like the property damage limit as well too. You can you can do all that right if you want more in-depth details. But those are the main questions I like to ask on the for the insurance carrier. So all the major insurance carriers will be more than happy to answer those questions for you as long as you have like you know the policy ID card and the client's information. So those are the questions run with it and please do not skip these. So moving forward let's just say everything is a green light and then now you can request a deposit from that client to hold the car down for the dates, right? Which is you know I recommend you don't want to you don't want to go off of word of mouth like I'm flying in on the 15th to the 19th. Can you hold the car for me? No, I can't hold the car for you. Please request a deposit from the client. Whether it's is a $500 deposit or $1,000 deposit, request a deposit. That way, you know, it's set in stone. Now, lastly, when the date has arrived for the reservation, what you want to do is you want to have the client that made the reservation be there for pickup. Don't accept the client's brother, the client's sister, the client's boyfriend or girlfriend, the client's, you know, baby daddy or whatever. Whoever made the reservation have to be there presently. They must have their license with them. They must be the person that made the reservation. They must be the person that you was speaking to to make the reservation. And if for whatever reason, if you sense some funny business, like say whatever reason that you know the client doesn't look like the person on the license or whatever the case may be, here's a quick verification on the spot that you could use to make sure that everything is well. Just ask for the client's date of birth. I remember one time a I met up with a client. He forgot his license. Like he didn't have his license. He forgot it. which I recommend that you tell the client have your license with you present. Um, but yeah, he said he forgot his license and it didn't really look like him on a license. So, I asked the client, "What's your date of birth?" The man went to fumbling, went to stumbling. He didn't even know what to say. That's how you know like that person wasn't the person that I was talking to or that wasn't the license, you know, that matched the client. In that scenario, you know, just dead, just dead it. So, make sure the person that you were talking to is present and it matches the license. And that's pretty much it guys. Like this is like the risk management part of the car rental business cuz you know a lot of people are doing the car rental business and they really neglect these parts because they in it for the money right? Like if you have a high demanding vehicle on your fleet or if you know that you're renting out the money will come. You know what I'm saying? The money will come. Just be just don't neglect the risk management part guys cuz you don't want to be in a situation where like damn I should have did this or damn you know I should have had insurance or damn I should have did this. Make sure everything is set in stone before the rental. That way you can sleep at night. That way you know you're you're good. you're protected. And this is what I do for all my investor cars. Like before I rent out my the cars to my client, I make sure the the clients is properly vetted and properly verified. You know what I'm saying? If it's somebody that's always wanted to get into the car rental business, you know, you always want to make some passive income on the side from whatever you're doing and you don't want to meet up with the clients, you don't want to do these steps cuz, you know, it could take some time. I do it for you guys. Like I have a done for you business where you could just plug in your vehicle onto my fleet and I do everything for you. I've been helping car owners earn passively every single month hands-free from different cities and different states, right? They ship their cars from different states where they could just collect every single month. And I've been doing this for 5 years and I've helped a lot of car owners earn thousands of dollars every single month. And if that's you, it makes sense to you. You want to be a part of this opportunity. There's a link in the description where you could simply apply to book a call and let me see if I can help you. And that's it for today's video, guys. Please do not skip this video. This is this video I think is one of the most important videos that I ever made on risk management about the console space because nobody really talks about it. So I'll just give you the whole game for free. Use this information, run with it. And if you're somebody that's flying into Miami, South Florida, West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale anytime soon and you want to rent out a nice luxury vehicle, my website and um Instagram is in the description. Browse through it, book a car, and I got you. That's it for today's video. I'm going catch you guys on the next one. Peace.

- INVESTIGATING THE TOP 5 BUDGET SUPERCARS: Kind: captions Language: en As a kid, we all dreamt of owning a supercar, but they were just simply too expensive. But what if I told you the supercar market has crashed, and you can own a supercar for less than a BMW M4? How is that possible? Well, we will get on to the answer to that question. But for now, which bargain supercar should you buy and why? Car market crash. Car market crash. Car market crash. The last few years have not been easy on anyone as the economy has been on a horrible downward spiral. But with every negative, there is a positive. So before I show you my choice of five bargain supercars available today, let's just look at how extreme these price drops can be even on some of the latest and most fashionable cars in the world. The Porsche GT3 RS. Now less than 2 years ago, these were selling for £500,000. And right now, you can pick them up for less than half at £220. Lamborghini's Cream of the Crop V12 hybrid. Now, when these first came out, this 1,000 horsepower powerhouse were fetching 800 grand, and the cheapest on the market right now is nearly half price at 460K. Both these cars, relatively speaking, are a good deal, but they are still huge amounts of money. But good news right now it is a buyer market and there are lots of lowpric supercars which have become great value for money. So here are my top five supercars to buy right now. First up, the epic McLaren 600 LT. You ready for this? For the money, this car is unbelievable. This is crazy. It's like a race car. Some really cool features about the 600LT. First of all, the amazing snowplow front splitter. Beautiful spoked wheels. This rear diffuser is crazy. And apparently that's £25,000. Now, this here is fireproof coated because those there spit flames and not the tune ones. Every single one, every stock car lights up the night sky. It's epic. And what I really like about this car is simplicity. All you see everywhere, which I'm a big fan of, is Alcantara. Nice in there, isn't it? >> Beautiful. This is amazing. Now, what you got to think is this looks like a hypercar. From the outside, a lot of people won't know which one you're driving. So, they might think you're in a 1.5 million pound P1 or a bargain super car like this. So, it's rear wheel drive, so it literally feels like a race car, and it definitely sounds like one. >> And to the rear wheels is 600 horsepower tunnel. Well, it's a bridge. So, with the McLaren badge and sounding and looking as good as this does, you'd think this car comes with a ridiculous price tag. Right then, Josh, how much was this car new? >> This is over 260. And what's it for now? >> 133. >> And it's done 10,000 mi. >> Yeah. Well, it's just less than that, actually. >> This McLaren is the same price as a brand new BMW M5. And personally, I know which one I would rather have. >> 130 for a deal, you? Uh, no. We've got five to look at. Yeah. But what an absolute bargain. These cars have been watching for a few years now, and they are hardly losing any value. Nice looking car. Big shout out to Hope and Hope for allowing us to test drive this great car. And this is just the start. The other four cars that we are driving today are as good or even better. Let me show you car number two. [Music] This is the Maserati MC20, a V6 rocket ship. I know what you're all thinking, V6. But this is 3 L twinturbo, 621 horsepower. And positive for so many of us, none of that hybrid electric nonsense. Just a great sounding petrol burning work of art. It's very agile. It feels a little bit like a racing car, but it's super smooth as well. It's not clunky. It's not messy. It's very well put together. Now, would you guys choose a Lamborghini? Would you choose a Ferrari, even a McLaren over a Maserati? Maybe, but this is proper value for money. Now, I do like a rare car, and this is extremely rare. They only made 52 in the whole of Europe last year. Now, that's not because it's a limited number. That's because nobody bought them. And why Maserati, they haven't made a supercar in 50 years, especially production model. And one of its reasons for its low sales is the astronomical price tag. Lamborghini money for a Maserati. But it still ticks all of the boxes. This car is great value for money. And with only 3,000 miles on the clock, it's as good as new. Supercar looks, beautiful supercar doors, and super car performance. Now, that sounds perfect, but not if you bought this new. So, this is Richard from Motor Vault who kindly let us drive this today. Right. How much was this new? >> Just under4 million. >> And how old is this? >> It's 2 years old. >> So, still a year's worth of manufacturers warranty. >> That is correct. >> How many miles? >> 3,100 m. >> And how much can somebody buy this for today? £145,000, >> which is ridiculous value. So, that's nearly half price. And that manufacturers's warranty, if it does go wrong, especially a car this technical, can be very important. This is a very good-looking car, but for me, it's lacking a bit of the thrill and excitement we felt in the McLaren 600LT. But our next car might just blow our first two out of the water, and it's less money. >> Right. Ready? >> Yeah. >> Here we are again. Can't beat that switch. It's amazing, isn't it? The perfect blend of performance and usability. The Lamborghini Huracan. The baby Lamborghini is 610 horsepower, powered by its famous 5.2 L naturally aspirated V10. I thought the 600LT was good, but this is next level. And this particular car has a few upgrades which also seem a bit of a bargain. This here has come from Alibaba. So, it's got rear spoiler, front splitter, and the side skirts and an aftermarket exhaust and a steering wheel. All in 4 grand. And in my mind, even the exhaust would be worth that much as it totally transforms this car. Well, that was worth four grand by itself. >> There aren't many cars in this price bracket which sound as good as this Huracan. How nice is this? >> The color looks so good. >> It's beautiful. Look at that. >> It looks as good as the new ones. >> Yeah, that's the thing. Look, this the shape hasn't even changed that much. Even the Tamario. >> That's a good looking car, isn't it? >> Can I drive? >> No, obviously not. Quite obviously not. Bridge. Bridge. I could have executed that a lot better. I like if you had a sports car, an M3, you know, C63, if you jumped into this, it's not going to kill you. In fact, it's probably safer because you've got the four-wheel drive. This is supercar performance, but without, you know, there isn't so many supercar problems. It's still relatively high. It's got the lift option as well, but it's safe. And of course, maybe the best bit, for this price, you are getting the coolest supercar badge right now, the Lamborghini B. Now, with a Lamborghini, you go one of two ways. You either go black, gray, white, or you go all in with a Aranche Baris triple layer paint. Now, I say all in the paint alone on this car was £16,000 for a pot of paint. 16 grand extra. And that this car, the spec is unbelievable. And considering the price you can buy these for, this literally is a timeless classic which practically no longer loses money. It's as good as free motoring. Glass engine bay. Again, a great option on a car like this cuz you want to see that amazing 610 horsepower V10. And this, of course, is the last of the natural aspirated V10s cuz the Tamario has been ruined with a V8. Forge carbon engine bay. Again, a massive expense. God knows how much that was, but it looks beautiful, doesn't it? The Huracan is a model I am a huge fan of. Over the last 10 years of manufacturer, I have had nearly every variation the Italian giants have released. And this one is one of the first they ever made back in 2015. So now this car is for sale right now at Supercar Rooms. This was what new? 210 215. Okay. And you're selling it right now with 9,000 mi on for 130. >> Wow. That's a massive jump, isn't it? For, you know, that is an amazing price. But even better, in 2019, you sold this car for £145. So in six years, it's devalued 15,000, which is absolutely madness. >> To put into perspective, that's 22 grand a year, whilst a BMW, you can expect to lose at least double that. But a Lamborghini, an Italian supercar, cost a fortune to service. But how much is service? >> With us, you are looking 850 plus the VAT. And that's the thing, like when a car's out of warranty, you do not need that official stamp. You can bring it to the professionals. You've got a VAT invoice done by proper people and it can be a fraction of the price. So again, there's a for and against about a car being in and out warranty. And the biggest positive about a Huracan is they seem bulletproof. Over the last 10 years of owning these, the worst I have had is a flat tire and a slightly tweaked bumper alignment. >> Right. Amazing car. >> Definitely. But let's now go see a very similar car, but for a fraction fraction fraction >> fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction fraction >> fraction of the price. The Audi R8 V10 plus 5.2 L naturally aspirated V10 with four-wheel drive. Sounds familiar. A lot of people are going to argue that this is the same car as a Huracan, but there is one huge difference which makes them so different in price, the badge. >> But is that a bad thing? And does it still drive like a supercar? >> I'll tell you what, this is some car. Look how stable it is, right? It's no Huracan. It doesn't sound like a Huracan. It's not got that excitement, but the price difference is that big. It was never going to be the same car. It can't be. Thank you, Chris and Bri Cars for trusting us with this amazing Audi R8 V10 Plus. We're in the right situation. Where are we? He's going to go. >> We're going to bottom out. >> Imagine all that grass like stuck on the under trail. Take it back. Oh yeah, we've messed right up here. >> Oh no. It's going to get so dirty. >> Where have we come? >> Does that say private road? >> Yeah, we've come to a farm. >> Oh, watch your back. >> Oh, it stinks. >> You all right? It absolutely stinks. >> You're all right. >> Smell that. We are in somebody's farm. >> You're all right. Oh, watch out. Somebody come in. >> But this is the best car of the choice to be stuck in this situation. And this is a car which you can use every day. You don't need a second car. Look behind you. That's the smell. We've made a big mistake here. I'm getting back here. So, accidentally, we've been on a little bit of a um an off-road challenge, and all that wouldn't have been possible in a Lamborghini. In a Lamborghini, we'd be having 20 grand worth of damage with the front splitter hanging off, but with this, it's definitely a more usable car. This car is for sale with Bay Tree Cars, and I'm excited to show you guys how good of a deal this car really is. >> Thank you. What a great car. >> No problem, Mark. Oh god, what's that smell? >> Right, so how much was this car? on new >> £140,000 with all the extras in 2014. >> So that's 11 years old and it's only done how many months? >> 125,000 miles, >> right? Big one cost. How much is this? >> £63,900 on the market today. >> So that's less than half price. >> Way less than half price. >> But more importantly, half the price of a Huracan as well. This really is a bargain supercar. 5.2 2 L V10 for way less money than a BMW M4. Right, which one would you choose? Before we see the last car, obviously the cars we've seen today are expensive, but you might be surprised on the finance deals you can get because of the lack of depreciation. All of them with similar deposits and similar terms. The McLaren is 952, the Lamborghini is 861, the Audi R8 is 321, and the Maserati is 1592. And that is where it's interesting. Now, some of those payments are low even for such a big expensive supercar because the lender sees that that car isn't going to depreciate much in the future. Now, the payments could be a lot more money on a similar price modern car because the lender knows that it's going to lose a load of do'ach and obviously you have to pay for that depreciation in your monthly payments. And the proof is in the pudding because the Maserati a newer car was loads of money because the lender also thinks that that's going to carry on losing money. You can use these quotes to your advantage to pick a car which is less likely to lose money. Now, we got these quotes from Lilian Stanley Finance because they offer the best deals and that's simply because they are independent so they can shop around all the lenders to get you the best percentage while the main dealer is stuck with one lender. So, if you're looking to buy a new car and want some finance or you're looking to refinance your old car, you can head over to Lily and Sandley's website to use their online calculator to see how much money you can save. link is in the description and thank you Lily and Stanley for sponsoring this video. Right, let's go see the last car, the Ferrari SF901,000 horsepower twinturbo V8 with three electric motors to fill in those gaps. Hands down the fastest car I have ever driven. It's ridiculous. That was a close one. >> Like the whoosh of that turbo sounds unbelievable, especially for a modern car. And one thing which is extremely cool and what makes this an amazing car, it's got qualifier mode. That is what makes this car so amazing. Jesus. This car knocks the socks off most hypercars in performance. And when I've driven my car at its limit around a racetrack, it's been some of the most exhilarating minutes of my life. Jesus Christ. >> This car really is the quickest car I have ever owned. Faster than a Relto, faster than a Mercedes GT Black Series, even faster than the McLaren P1. And it's literally hundreds of thousands of pounds cheaper. So they have hypercars which are worth a million pounds. Three years later they're worth three4 million pound. And that is how good this brand is. But then they made an SF90. And for some reason it went the opposite way. Right here she is all nice and clean by detailer. >> Yes 100%. There's a good reason why this car is a bargain and that's simply because of depreciation. Now, some of the reason this car has lost so much money is because the crazy amount of extras which were spent on this car. Now, sometimes that doesn't transfer over to the secondhand value. So, basically that money is gone. And Ferrari's add-on extra prices are a little more costly than you would imagine. Right, this bit obviously there's two. There's one around this side. 5 grand. How? Yellow brake calipers, £1,300 quid. Diamond cut wheels, £42 grand. Paint extra £10,000. This bit, £3,420. These bits, £4,500. These little bits here, £2,112. The big one, which to be fair is absolutely beautiful. This diffuser, £6,720. The price of a small family car. for that little bit of carbon fiber and it's been ppfed extremely badly. That was seven grand. In total, this car has a whopping £68,000 in optional extras. The problem there is that's a lot of money extra, which like I said, you don't really usually get back when you sell it secondhand. Obviously, you'll get some, but nowhere near that full value. And that reflects in its price. New, this highly spec, beautiful car came in at £450,000. And today you can pick one up for 260 grand. Now that is still double the most of the cars that we have seen today. And here is why it's a bargain relatively speaking of course. The reason being this technology and this car is absolutely incredible. It's basically a hypercar performance for a much cheaper price. Now a Laferrari is 3 million quid. This thing here has the same technology and it's just as fast. So that's why this car is special in its own right. And that's why another way it's a so hard to say bargain at 310 grand. This car's direct competitor is a Lamborghini Revelto and that's $200,000 more. So relatively it's good value compared. So out of these top five supercars we have seen today, which do you think is the best buy? The five cars we have seen today are bargains. That's simply because the market has crashed. Some of them were half price. There's rarely been a better time to buy a supercar, but which one would you choose? For me, it's this, the Lamborghini Huracan. First of all, the Huracan is a Lamborghini. It is beautiful, and it has that amazing V10 engine, and it's extremely reliable. I've had about nine of these. I've never had a single problem. And a huge bonus for these cars is they don't lose masses of money, especially if you buy a 2014 which is already at the value which we have shown. So for me, the Lamborghini Huracan is the perfect allround bargain supercar. But let me know in the comments which one you would choose. See you next Tuesday, 6

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkMcCannMk2 [34 likes]: Massive thank you to Lillian Stanley for sponsoring this video, find out how much you can save on your finance today using this link: https://lillianstanley.co.uk/journey/vehicle?utm_source=MarkM&utm_medium=MK2+&utm_campaign=OCTOBER25
  2. @LilYiddy613 [1 likes]: Where was the c8 z06 on the list
  3. @Fastnn1Fast: Turbo R8❤
  4. @Sensebs-x7r: The Corvette c 8 ?
  5. @dredatv888: Damn 25k deposit😬. My supra is 38k 😅
  6. @NotStockPWR: If you are looking for a supercar under $110k I would recommend looking at the Lamborghini Gallardo or the McLaren MP4-12C, they are actually decently reliable. The Gallardo eas made from I think 2003-2008, and the mp4-12c I think was made from 2012-2015
  7. @KRISCHENATH: Audi R8 is just unbelievable bargain and it drive crazy good. One can simply drive it everyday. If you want more oomph, just change the exhaust and do some ECU turning, you'll get extra 60-70 hp out of the thing and incredible NA sound.
  8. @Bigguccimico: Huracan is ugly compared to that Maserati
  9. @zenithduggal: I loved my r8 2016 I sold it last year cuz I bought a g812 super fast 2018 cuz it was my dream car now gotta find a new dream to chase
  10. @AcesizOfficial: 🔥
  11. @candidatesalmon4291: I don’t mind people making these kind of videos talking about bargains ,.. but let’s not pretend you’re not one of the 1% or just one of the locals .. as it’s patronising.
  12. @CuriousEagle1: UK car prizes are wild
  13. @nicholasswanepoel117: Cheapest Huracan in Australia is a 2016 with 60,000kms for $330,000 AUD or the equivalent of 173,000 pounds. Time to start looking in the UK for a car
  14. @rups18: I like your top 5 videos! More of these please!
  15. @JJ-iz4bv: Ferrari 458, Porsche 911 992 turbo s?
  16. @riddlemeunknown6260: Still looking for the "budget" part of this video...
  17. @krishannandana5084: Mark but the lamborghini revuelto has a quarter mile time of 9.3 to 9.4 seconds but the sf90 is 9.7 to 9.8 and 10.0 also it's faster
  18. @josephdirnfeld3593: Tesla model s plaid
  19. @hedzt6667: If your going to buy one and sorn it and keep it on the drive, yes its cheap but running them, insuring them, maintenance 😂 ... they are not cheap
  20. @BG_MKY: I couldn't believe how cheap the r8 was . So I brought one. I was saving up to by a the new Ford which was 49.995. 😂😂😂😂 saved my self 10k and now drive a r8. What is life . Thank you mark . Genuinely I would have never even thought to look at r8 prices as I just assumed it would be like 100kplus. Legend mate .

- This 16 Year Old Artist Made $200k with NFT Crypto Art: Kind: captions Language: en today we talked to justin grafix a 16 year old nft artist with multiple behance awards and over 200 000 in crypto art sales on super rare we'll talk about his iconic style personal inspiration and advice for young upcoming artists today we are interviewing justin he's a 16 year old artist who has multiple behance awards which is awesome and has over two hundred thousand dollars in crypto art sales on super rare how are you doing justin i am doing good my friend yeah it's been crazy i mean i would say a crazy week but i know for you it's been a crazy year so i have a lot of questions for you regarding that the first thing that i always ask everyone on these interviews is when did you start where did you start and why did you start yeah when i when i started um just art and stuff in general i think that was like june of last year um but before that it goes way back to like 2015 the call of duty scene uh i was doing youtube thumbnails and twitter headers and banners for the call of duty squad yeah and that's where i started too so and why what kind of drew you into like the gaming scene like when did you start making thumbnails kind of what triggered that for you i had my good old ps3 on the giant tv and i was a trick shotter i was posting my clips and everything on twitter and then i i was like hey you know i should uh try out this design stuff because you know i was already taking photos i was doing photography and stuff so i'm like hey i photoshop i have all the stuff i need and so i i tried doing uh thumbnails and uh i tried getting into the design scene a little bit in the quality community uh i also started editing too i was doing everything yeah and uh yeah so then there it kind of got um i was like oh this design is just fun so i was doing that more than i was doing other stuff and i kind of just dropped editing a little bit i was still doing it on the side for a little bit and then um i stopped doing trick shotting and everything after like black ops 3. that's really interesting because i think at this point you're the second or third person i've interviewed who has started like actually gaming so trick shotting sniping or like playing professionally and then something about the creative community or like design like you said editing i know that's how i started too like something just draws you towards that where it's more fun than playing the game itself so almost seems like for a lot of people you start in gaming and then at some point there's like a divide where you start branching out into like hey this design stuff is really cool i wanted to ask you who your inspirations were and who you got inspiration from not only back then but also who they are now if they've changed yeah uh so i think back then like when i just started designing everything mixo for sure because he was big uh he was i think at the time he's in sore before that i think actually i don't know yeah mixo jasper impact and then like a few other guys that i can't think of right now yeah um uh yeah and um yeah that's pretty much that's pretty much it yeah so have any of those inspirations changed like have you met any like new inspirations ever since you got into i guess more specifically with nfts or is that kind of where it started from was people like mixo impact yeah it started with them but like i've gotten now i've more um i've met more people and uh i know more people like if i went back then i wouldn't have known like um any of these people in the nft community right now alex ness graphics he's definitely one of them yeah he's helped me a lot with everything um he helped me set up and everything and then my uh shout out to my uh my little my 3d chat on twitter that is full right now all of them are super super supportive and i got like i mean a ton of people in there and uh it's really fun being in there yeah i didn't even know about that chat so that's really cool that you have this kind of community that's built around 3d artwork and i guess moving into the next question so i know like you said a lot of those people you had met through nfts i wanted to ask you how did you discover this industry and how was the experience of being a part of it when you first joined uh so i first got into it back when etienne uh cross i think yeah i don't want to say his name yeah exactly but he was posting about it he um yeah he was helping me out he told me how to get in and everything and then i think that at the time i think a month later or something uh lupify started doing uh you know nfts and was uh posting about him all the time and then uh i damned him and then you know got into it from there he helped me with my like first pieces on wearable and everything um it helped me set up everything on there yeah that's i think those are the same two people for me as well like etienne and luke they really brought a lot of us in and kind of i mean both of them are super kind and welcoming when it comes to like bringing people into the space like for me as well i could always ask them questions like what do you think about this like how does this work and it seems like they've done that for a lot of people so that's really cool uh yeah for sure i was i was like um what got me in the most was i mean etienne who used to do call of duty i mean he was a quality designer um i'm like this is crazy how he's like completely gone into actually art mode and now he's freaking i mean he's doing really well so i was like i should try that yeah i mean he's crushing it now but so are you so i guess moving into the next question then how are things different now compared to when you first entered that space and do you think the nft industry is maybe heading in the right direction or what are you looking forward to seeing in the future it's definitely different from when i started uh and when i entered the space um and i think it is heading in the right direction we have a lot of um bigger uh like celebrities i guess i could say influencers that are coming in although some of them i i definitely because some of them i feel like they're coming in for a money grab but some of them are actually like coming in and staying and teaching it too and now it's getting bigger and that's definitely what i'd like to see in the future as well to get it mainstream you know yeah definitely i mean are there any celebrities or like big names out there that stand out to you for like educating and helping people like maybe right now paris hilton for sure oh yeah definitely yeah she she is doing a lot for the nft community right now so yeah it's really really cool seeing this like bridge between you know people like content getting started people who are kind of just starting to make their career and then these celebrities are like offering a hand to help him out i mean this that whole watching that happen feels really really cool like really unusual too i've never seen any type of engagement like that with even like esports like you don't really see that happening a lot it's normally big creators talking to big creators and small creators with small creators right uh i think it's it's kind of cool how they're um they're doing clubhouse rooms and everything talking of about nfts like they're actually like it's kind of like teaching class i mean you kind of just join the clubhouse room and you learn a ton from them because they're talking about it so that i mean that's awesome like if at the beginning when i started this i never would have thought that i would have made it this far and you know i would have been able to talk to paris hilton or mc hammer or diplo dylan francis any of those giant names yeah and uh yeah so yeah and i i think so obviously these things are happening to you now and like you said it was kind of unexpected for this to happen maybe as fast as it did so when you were going along this journey moving into the next question were there any mistakes that you made yourself and maybe what are some mistakes you see other nft artists making earlier on in their career yeah so this one's a this one's a good question um i don't i think i did make mistakes but like i think it was good it was good that i did because um i had people come to me and like hey you know and tell me that i made that mistake and i'm like okay i learned from it now i don't do it anymore and then i i think a lot of newer artists in the crypto scene are i guess the term shilling or linking their um their crypto art and everything yeah underneath like every single tweet that like a collector or i mean even me i get i get people linking their are on just my normal tweets and i'm just like um that's definitely a big down like that shouldn't do that at all and also i think another one is uh making the art for the purpose of selling as crypto art instead of making it for art in general and then hey oh you know i should sell it so yeah those are the two big ones that i think um people need to know yeah absolutely and especially the first one with people promoting their work like promoting your work is necessary you need to do it in some way but there's i would say good ways to promote your work in bad ways i mean when you think of crypto art and nfts like what makes them different is that they're essentially like collectible art so when you think of any other collectibles like let's say shoes are probably the most popular like shoes you would find on stockx or something you don't see nike replying to everyone's tweets promoting like hey you should buy this new shoe that we're coming out with you know because that kind of destroys that collectibility of it when they're actively trying to sell it to people and making them want it rather than letting people come to them like if to find some exclusive like sneaker releases you got to be like involved like you have to be looking for like articles and like newsletters be looking on like like whoever they're collaborating with their twitter and like you have to hunt for that information rather than them just saying like you know here it is like here's the shoes everyone buy them like right now it's it feels a little more exclusive that way right so i see that too is like a big big thing and i i also see a lot of the newers trying to like you know get collectors to notice them and i mean linking your artwork underneath the tweet is okay in a sense that you're not linking like the actual like i mean the actual like to but for them to buy and i mean if you want them to buy it try not just don't link the actual like link to it just show the artwork and if they like it they'll contact you but like that only only under like tweets that they're like hey link your are under this tweet but if it's just their normal tweet don't do that because that's not something yeah people like that's super weird for me when i see people just talking about like their daily life and then someone replies like hey i just made this nft come check it out you know when they're they're completely unrelated and they're not obligated to look at that it's just not very smart marketing so you guys have to like understand how to make demand and how to make things desirable and doing stuff like that is generally just kind of like a bad look you know like if i if i see someone releasing uh nfts and they post it on like all of my friends tweets generally i associate it with like they don't really care about being involved in the community as much like they're just trying to get the word out there you know no matter what the conversation is at the moment yeah exactly and then one other thing is probably the um i see this a lot but some people actually seem to think that uh a collector is like a bang for them and they're like just i mean spamming their work under there and they're trying to get i mean they're trying they're like trying to force it too much and uh it's something that shouldn't be forced and uh you should try to have a like a connection with the collector um so multiple of my collectors i've actually like i've actually had calls i've talked to them and they've they've invested in me because i mean they've got to know me and uh stuff like that i guess moving into this next question because that's all really great advice and to me i'm amazed at the fact that you're 16 years old and you're able to have these decisions i'm sure you hear this a lot but obviously when i was your age i wasn't even considering design as a career yet like it was just only for fun for a hobby and nothing else so moving into this question you've seen a lot of success early on with not only sales but recognition on behance which is huge so do you have any advice for maybe young upcoming artists when it comes to improving their craft or even just getting recognition early on i'd say um try to i mean uh try to master your like the software that you're using before you start trying to like uh i see a lot of this um people try to make stuff that is like better than where they are not like saying it's a bad or anything but i don't know how to say it they they skip the basics i guess like they rush into into things because they want it to look a certain way you know yeah exactly yeah that that um that's a big one and probably um make art that you have a connect like you feel that you have feel like you have a connection to because most i'm almost all of my actual artwork not like quality designs and design stuff like that but my artwork i actually made because of how i was feeling at that time or um what i had like dreamed or something i guess yeah so i mean that's two really big things the first one especially like almost just taking it slow so like there's not a huge rush when it comes to learning design and like learning your craft because maybe it's overwhelming that there's so much you can do and so much to learn and that's what makes people feel like they have to rush because it's like oh there's so much i need to learn there's like so many different things i need to do so they skip those fundamentals like you said so i i agree i think that's super important is just being able to take a step back focus on the basics it's stressful and maybe you can talk about this a little bit too but like i can feel this from a lot of new nft artists specifically but maybe it's stressful on social media when you see how fast everything's moving and you see all these people just having success everywhere making huge sales and it's like you're just trying to get started and you just feel like well i need to catch up i don't have time to learn the basics you know i feel like that's like a huge thing right that that also brings back to the uh the other question about mistakes in the community i i mean i also see people try not to they're they're making art for they're making art that is selling right now that's for high prices they're trying to copy not copy but i guess copy that art style i guess and just you know hammer it down like post multiple multiple multiple and then spamming out there trying to get the sales and that's just not going to work because your art style is completely different but you're trying to get sales so you're making a new different like i mean you're doing stuff that isn't for you i guess was this like the same thing as eleven said i think in her stream uh be you yeah exactly i that's so huge because i guess that's you're right in saying like in the industry that happens all the time where a new designer or new artist will try to replicate the style of another artist because they see it selling but the issue with that is one that artist most of the time is more experienced so the work is going to look better and then they also have their brand built around that specific look so like it's going to be very hard for you to compete it's like you opening up your own shop right next to a walmart you know yeah and you're like right next door to them it's because you see oh walmart's getting a bunch of sales you know they sell stuff every single day i'm gonna set up my own store it'll be like mini walmart right here right next door to it and people can buy stuff from me and it's like it's gonna be really really tough to compete with that big corporation when they're already well established they know what they're doing be your own walmart you know this is not sponsored so shout out walmart though but um i guess actually that goes into the next question really well so your style specifically has become really iconic in this crypto art community and scene specifically through i think your dunescape series is the most popular so when did you decide to focus specifically on this look or this style and kind of what's the inspiration behind that process okay so i mean this one's kind of difficult because uh i my first dunescape series like the first student skip series that i actually did was four pieces all very very very uh like i mean simple um because i didn't know the software very well uh yet um i was learning it so this is like a test kind of series that i did um that i enjoyed very much though and i mean it's literally just simple like gradients you know i mean 11 grading queen [Laughter] uh i just use gradients and everything for the the atmosphere and i mean you can tell um if you look through my dunescape series on my behance from the first to the third one you can tell like i've improved a ton absolutely just based on that um i decided to focus on that because i i mean just not because i was doing well but also because i was having fun doing it and that's like that's one of the top things you want to have fun while you're doing it too uh my inspiration behind it i don't know at all why uh what inspired me to do it but it was mainly just uh i mean i've never been to dunes uh like sand dunes in real life or anything so uh i wanted to create something you know it's a brand new to me mainly for the uh dunescapes six and five they are a uh like i think it's a collaborative group of uh artists who uh do uh like who do they do landscaping they do interior exterior they do a ton of stuff but they were my main inspiration on some of their like they did the microsoft uh surface wallpapers i think oh okay um and those those that those hit me so i was like oh you know that those inspired me a lot so although they i don't think they were dunes but i i i wanted to make it my own thing so which is even better so i mean because that's what we were just talking about and the cool thing that i noticed going back to what you had said about being able to improve over time is something that i really appreciate from an artist's perspective and what makes things collectible is not necessarily like the the skill alone but more of the journey so like seeing your first dunescapes and seeing where they're at now in itself tells a story of the artist being where you were and where you are those earlier pieces are still going to be just as collectible because they tell that story of like this is when justin first did this series this is when he was first exploring this process so i think in that sense it's really important to do exactly what we were saying with artists coming up with their own style being unique like it doesn't have to be perfect at first but you'll learn it over time you'll get comfortable with it and eventually you're going to create work that is like super super iconic right i mean that's huge and if we can talk a little bit more about your dunescape series specifically so i think a lot of people are curious about this as well but let's talk money for a second so for your series just the dunescapes alone has seen over six figures in sales on super rare how is the experience of having nfts bring in money like that especially at your age and have nfts maybe led you to pursuing art more as a career okay yeah the money the money is good like it's great but i it's not about the money for me it's kind of the journey that i'm the process i'm doing for this whole thing i mean obviously i mean the i just bought a brand new pc that i never thought i would ever be able to get afford in my life yeah it's a monster guys um that means a lot more work coming out for me it's definitely um changed my point of view on pursuing art as a career so yeah and hopefully you're i guess for lack of a better term just being smart with that money i know if i was 16 and i was making six figures i would be really dumb with what i'd spend it on so uh hopefully you're pushing that in the yeah the good thing is i have a lot of friends that are helping me out and my dad as well so yeah that's awesome i actually that's moving into the next question as well i wanted to ask how your friends and family feel about this recent success that you've seen yeah so uh my friends like in real life actually i don't really talk about that for to my friends in real life except for like like like two or three talks um but people online that are my friends uh i on the daily they're like i mean love to see you succeed and everything and i try to help out with everybody as well at least my parents are supportive of this too so that's good i've heard that many people um their parents aren't so uh supportive of this so i'm really appreciative of that so yeah seriously i mean that's a big deal is getting your family's approval especially like when you're younger because that's what pushed me mostly is like my parents they didn't really understand it but they knew that i enjoyed it and i think what pushed them over to fully supporting me was when i showed them like oh this can be a career like i'm starting to make money off this like i'm going to school for all this stuff and then at that point they were like okay this this digital whatever is kind of cool i guess you know but yeah it was uh it was pretty funny because the first time my first sale on wearable for one i think or point i don't know i think it was point one or point one five or something like that uh back in september or something was back when it was ethereum was at like 500 600 so um or maybe some i don't even know something like that so point one was like a hundred two hundred bucks yeah i'm like damn dude let's go yeah i was getting hyped i'm like dang i didn't know my work was worth this much and uh i was telling my dad all about it everything's telling my family hey i just man i'm this is great i can't see where this goes i mean i think i sold another one for 0.15 or something like that and then i saw like multiple some of them were multiple editions so i was like 10 15 um five and three two i know there's multiple ones and then those started going off uh and i moved away from wearable and i think i went on uh i applied to super rare i think three times before i actually got in um and then i think i applied to make maker's place twice and then like before i got in um and that's good to know i didn't know that it took that many applications i had just assumed you'd gotten in on the first try no yeah no it's uh yeah it's really hard um if you uh keep on it like i mean interact i i tell everybody this interaction is key if you interact a ton with like not it not like so much that you're um you're kind of like invading their space you know but you interact with them a little bit like every once in a while just you know um they'll see you and uh so i i i applied three times to super rare i didn't get in every time i didn't get in any times i actually got a dm from one of the people that are actually at super rare and they wanted me they got me on that's really cool what the heck what what a cool story because i know that's like a struggle for a lot of people too it's super rare applying it almost feels like when you get denied the first time it's like oh they don't want me and it's really easy to just give up and be like okay well if they don't want me now i doubt they're going to want me in the future you know so i think that's really cool to see that you're persistent and then obviously it ended up paying off like drastically right yeah so i guess speaking about super rare your most recent piece that you put on was a collaboration with bt so if you guys don't know bt grammy nominated musician and film composer and you've also collaborated with a lot of artists in the past so what is your experience with that collaboration in particular maybe how it started and just what your thoughts are on it and do you think that collaborations are maybe something people should consider doing more in the community yeah so um that that collaboration is definitely one of my favorites um the story behind it is pretty funny uh i i was uh i was just uh posting my dunescapes like normal and then i got a dm for matt i got i got a dm from bt and he wanted to uh he just messed me out of the blue saying hey you're i think it was my it was the same one that he did the music for on the one that's on super right now the recent one that i tweeted out i was just posting the animation for it and uh there was no sound to it or anything and edm is saying hey i could score this for you i'm like okay um that sounds like a plan and uh i also sent him a bunch of other the dunescape 3 series ones to him um like hey if you want to do one of these two and he's like if you want to do one of these instead because i kind of wanted this first one to be my like just my drop but i changed my mind because um he he messaged me back saying you know i'm already done with it i'm okay and then he sent it to me i'm like this is the greatest thing i've heard in my life and uh so i i yeah i went with that um i'm definitely really grateful that he uh he wanted to collaborate with me and uh also uh my my dad is like a huge fan of bt so oh that's cool so when uh when when bt messaged me i went up to my dad and he followed me too i'm like i went to my dad and he started freaking out like oh my gosh and uh so i i was like um my dad's a huge fan and then uh he's like uh that's awesome and then he gave my dad a follow on twitter as well whoa my dad started freaking out after that that's right and now i have now i have like a giant now i have an actual like connection with bt2 so now i mean he we we're we plan on working stuff in the future as well and uh so yeah i mean that's awesome so not only with that collaboration but like i've seen you do a few with like other people so i just wanted to also ask you like how you feel about collaborations in general like should people do it more often how should people approach it things like that yeah um i i i've covered with a lot of people some of them are unreleased i haven't even put there's so many that i haven't posted at all i know there's at least one that's unreleased yeah yeah and then there's a few more that are uh unreleased as well and then some more that i'm planning on doing down the down the line uh in the future but i think there's something that um that needs to be like done more right um like on on i had an idea for uh super which a lot of people have actually told um the super rare people about and uh a collaboration tab on super right or other sites as well where you can actually like if you click on the piece it has both of the people's you know thing there it says it's a it's under a collaboration and then when it sells it actually splits it immediately it splits it already for you and uh i think that would help out and that would make more people want to do collaborations which are uh crucial like i mean i think they're really special so yeah and they're super fun to do i if i could collaborate with every artist i know and i hopefully will i want to like do more stuff like that it's just really exciting for artists because you get to see like these two minds collide right with like these different styles or like whatever they specialize in so i'm glad that you feel that way and i'm looking forward to seeing a lot of those collaborations we're kind of coming up towards the end i have a few more questions just talking about your past and presence so going back to the past a little bit if you could go back to the start of your nft career what would you do differently i don't think i would do anything differently i don't i think that was a i mean i think if you start anywhere i mean it's a learning lesson the entire way up so i don't think i would change anything at all i think i it was fine i love that i love that answer it's like all part of the process you know yeah exactly you make mistakes but you learn from them and that's how you end up where you are so hey short answer but i'll accept it that's really cool to hear that that you have basically no regrets with how far you've come right just to think about the future so what are your short and long term plans moving forward uh this i haven't really thought about much but short term is uh probably trying to get a uh a nifty drop uh like an actual solo nifty drop so i cause i've had multiple people ask me for open editions and open editions and stuff like that like i want to do that i want to get i want to have everybody have my art so i yeah that would be ideal if i can if i can get that soon and uh long term probably my art getting my art in a gallery or a museum that would be kind of sick yeah that's a great long-term goal i would love to see a wall of dunescapes like in an art museum or something right and then another one is probably getting it to um ar vr so you actually can be inside of a gamescape whoa that would be really cool all right i may or may not have plans to do that in the future sometime so let's go hey that's the type of stuff that i really love is anything innovative especially in nfts i love that stuff like i will support that every single day like stuff like for example with artifact what he's with um all his collaborations things like that that just gets me going i'm excited to hear that from you that you have those types of plans so that's awesome i'm looking forward to it this is the last thing i have to ask you and it's just do you have anyone or anything you would like to shout out before we wrap up and then do some q a i don't really have anything but i'd like to shout out lupify etienne and and then you of course because you're your beast come on let's go i appreciate it yeah and then my my old my uh my 3d chat that's uh on twitter all you guys are beasts and then my discord community nftr community i like to try to link this if i can yes please go ahead link it for anyone watching on youtube i'll make sure to put this in the description so you can join it as well from there but that's what i have for you today justin so now for youtube we're going to be moving into a q a with viewers this part is going to be cut off from this video but if you want to catch one of these streams i'm live every saturday now with the new time starting at 12 p.m pacific standard time again thank you guys for watching and i will see you next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jstngraphics [19 likes]: thanks for having me 🤍🙏🏼
  2. @psarianoss [6 likes]: haven't even watched the video but i can tell it's a banger
  3. @sennydzn [2 likes]: that is mind blowing.. it's always nice seeing designers / artists making it big at a young age.
  4. @minkah7092 [1 likes]: awesome video my boy
  5. @kwokadoodle [1 likes]: Loved watching this, live! Looking forward to the next stream :) - Kwokaroo
  6. @sviz [1 likes]: Justin the homie, he's been on his grind for so long now and it's amazing to see it pay off
  7. @voidfrfr06 [1 likes]: Justin too op
  8. @AdrianKarb [1 likes]: Great video George!
  9. @CCV334: Does anyone have good recommendations for NFT communities to join? I'm just starting out, have watched a few videos but really looking to grow my network, buying, selling, and possibly making NFT's.

- How a 12 Year Old Made Over $160,000 on NFTs in One Day | Benyamin Ahmed | Weird Whales with caption: Kind: captions Language: en with nft artwork can be tokenized to create a&nbsp; digital certificate of ownership that can be&nbsp;&nbsp; bought and sold a 12 year old boy from london has&nbsp; made about ps 290 000 during the school holidays&nbsp;&nbsp; after creating a series of pixelated artworks&nbsp; called weird whales and selling non-fungible&nbsp;&nbsp; tokens nfts they do not generally give the&nbsp; buyer the actual artwork or its copyright&nbsp;&nbsp; benny yemen achmed is keeping his earnings in the&nbsp; form of ethereum the cryptocurrency in which they&nbsp;&nbsp; were sold this means they could go up or down in&nbsp; value and there is no backup from the authorities&nbsp;&nbsp; if the digital wallet in which he is&nbsp; holding them is hacked or compromised&nbsp;&nbsp; he has never had a traditional bank account&nbsp; benny yemen achmed isn't your average 12&nbsp;&nbsp; year old when he's not at school he'd enjoy&nbsp; swimming taekwondo and learning how to code&nbsp;&nbsp; at just five years old benny yemen began&nbsp; programming after watching his father&nbsp;&nbsp; imran work as a web developer he started with html&nbsp; and css and continued to advance his coding skills&nbsp;&nbsp; later learning javascript and other programs&nbsp; but lately non-fungible tokens or nfts and&nbsp;&nbsp; the smart contracts or collections of code&nbsp; that power them have caught am's attention&nbsp;&nbsp; i first learned about nft earlier this year benny&nbsp; ammon who is based in london tells cnbc make it&nbsp;&nbsp; i got fascinated with nft because you can easily&nbsp; transfer the ownership of an nft by the blockchain&nbsp;&nbsp; nft are unique digital assets including jpegs and&nbsp; video clips that are represented by code recorded&nbsp;&nbsp; on a blockchain which is a decentralized digital&nbsp; ledger each nft can be bought and sold just like&nbsp;&nbsp; physical assets but the blockchain allows for&nbsp; the ownership and validity of each to be tracked&nbsp;&nbsp; benny ammon was excited by the technology and&nbsp; decided to create an nft collection of his own&nbsp;&nbsp; his first nft collection which he launched earlier&nbsp; this summer consists of 40 colorful pixelized&nbsp;&nbsp; avatars called minecraft yeehaw that i created&nbsp; after spending too many hours playing video game&nbsp;&nbsp; minecraft ackman says he created the artwork and&nbsp; coded each himself he says the collection didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately sell but that was okay ackman saw the&nbsp; project as more of a learning experience than a&nbsp;&nbsp; money grab and wanted to continue to create in&nbsp; june he began to code weird whales his second&nbsp;&nbsp; nft collection which features 3 350 pixelated&nbsp; whales each with distinct traits the project fused&nbsp;&nbsp; together a sort of meme using the image at a whale&nbsp; with traits similar to that of the ico pixelated&nbsp;&nbsp; crypto punks one of the first nft collections&nbsp; to exist the project cost dollar 300 akmit says&nbsp;&nbsp; which mainly consisted of paying gas fees which&nbsp; are charged to blockchain verify each nft along&nbsp;&nbsp; the way benny yemen acmed learned how to code the&nbsp; collection from online tutorials and mentors he&nbsp;&nbsp; met on discord communities he says one of&nbsp; the developers behind another nft project&nbsp;&nbsp; called boring bananas sent achmed a script to&nbsp; use as a template for coding weird whales his&nbsp;&nbsp; father amran says my brother and my dad were very&nbsp; excited and fascinated at how they came out benny&nbsp;&nbsp; yemen says we did some work on the website and&nbsp; the smart contract and posted a thread on twitter&nbsp;&nbsp; after launching in july the entire&nbsp; collection sold out in nine hours&nbsp;&nbsp; and acmed made over 80 ether in one day&nbsp; since he has held his profits in ether&nbsp;&nbsp; that some is worth over dollar two hundred&nbsp; fifty five thousand with today's pricing&nbsp;&nbsp; he then earned an additional thirty ether&nbsp; worth over dollar nine to five thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; from the resale market since acmet earns a two&nbsp; point five percent royalty on each secondary sale&nbsp;&nbsp; acmet has made over dollar 350 000 to date and&nbsp; by the end of august projects his total earnings&nbsp;&nbsp; was over dollar four hundred thousand as of now&nbsp; acmed doesn't have a traditional bank account&nbsp;&nbsp; only a cryptocurrency wallet i plan to keep all my&nbsp; ether and not convert it to fiat money ackman says&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be early proof that in the future maybe&nbsp; everyone doesn't need a bank account and just has&nbsp;&nbsp; an ether address and a wallet however he may soon&nbsp; create a bank account for tax purposes he says&nbsp;&nbsp; going forward acmet is working on another nft&nbsp; project and predicts that many more successful&nbsp;&nbsp; nft collections will have a mean component i&nbsp; think memes have significant value in this space&nbsp;&nbsp; as a lot of projects have some kind of meme link&nbsp; to it ackman says like how meme inspired dogecoin&nbsp;&nbsp; recently surged in popularity i think means play&nbsp; a big part in this space the key however will be&nbsp;&nbsp; owning his ip or intellectual property he says&nbsp; to do so ackman's father has been in contact&nbsp;&nbsp; with lawyers to trademark weird whales and other&nbsp; upcoming projects when people buy weird whales&nbsp;&nbsp; they're investing in me and my future ackman&nbsp; says if i carry on as i've been i might end&nbsp;&nbsp; up like other tech entrepreneurs out&nbsp; there like elon musk and jeff bezos&nbsp;&nbsp; benny ammon's classmates are as yet unaware&nbsp; of his newfound crypto wealth although he&nbsp;&nbsp; has made youtube videos about his hobby which he&nbsp; enjoys alongside swimming badminton and taekwondo&nbsp;&nbsp; my advice to other children that maybe want to&nbsp; get into this space is don't force yourself to&nbsp;&nbsp; do coding maybe because you get peer pressured&nbsp; just as if you like cooking do cooking if you&nbsp;&nbsp; like dancing do dances just do it to the best of&nbsp; your ability he said benny ammon's father imran&nbsp;&nbsp; a software developer who works in traditional&nbsp; finance encouraged benny ammon and his brother&nbsp;&nbsp; yaosef to start coding at the ages of five and six&nbsp; the children have had the advantage of a strong&nbsp;&nbsp; network of technology experts to call on for&nbsp; advice and help but he is extremely proud of them&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a little bit of a fun exercise but i picked&nbsp; up on really early that they were really receptive&nbsp;&nbsp; to it and they were really good omran said so&nbsp; then we started getting a little bit more serious&nbsp;&nbsp; and now it's every single day but you can't&nbsp; cram this stuff you can't say i'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn coding in three months the boys did&nbsp; 20 or 30 minutes of coding exercised a day&nbsp;&nbsp; including on holiday he said weird whales is&nbsp; benny ammon's second digital art collection&nbsp;&nbsp; following an earlier minecraft inspired set that&nbsp; sold less well this time he drew inspiration&nbsp;&nbsp; from a well-known pixelated whale meme image and a&nbsp; popular digital art style but used his own program&nbsp;&nbsp; to create the set of 3 350 emoji type whales it&nbsp; was interesting to see all of them hatch as they&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared on my screen slowly generating he said&nbsp; benny hammond is already working on his third&nbsp;&nbsp; superhero themed collection he would also like&nbsp; to make an underwater game featuring the whales&nbsp;&nbsp; that would be amazing he said imran is 100&nbsp; certain his son has not broken copyright law&nbsp;&nbsp; and has engaged lawyers to audit his work as well&nbsp; as getting advice on how to trademark his own&nbsp;&nbsp; designs thank you for watching please subscribe&nbsp; the channel for more such videos we upload many&nbsp;&nbsp; such videos and luxury videos every weekend so&nbsp; turn all notification on so never miss any update

  Top Comments:
  1. @mandiplamba8475 [1 likes]: 😱😱🔥

- How One NFT Made a Teenager a Millionaire Overnight: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey, crypto fam. Welcome back to 5 into 10 crypto. Today's story is wild. How a 12-year-old kid turned simple pixel art into over a million dollars in ETH. This isn't just a flex, it's a masterclass in timing, creativity, and the NFT boom. Meet Benjamin Ahmed, a 12-year-old from the UK. No fancy art degree, no marketing agency, just a laptop, some coding skills, and a passion for pixel art. He started dabbling in NFTs in 2021, learning how to code smart contracts and mint collections just for fun. Then came his big moment, a quirky NFT collection called Weird Whales. It featured 3,350 pixelated whale characters, each slightly different. He launched the project on OpenC, and guess what? It sold out in hours. Each NFT was minted for a small fee, but buyers flocked to it because of the story, the cuteness, and the novelty of a 12-year-old developer. Within a day, Benjamin had made over $400,000 in Ethereum from the mint alone. And that wasn't it. Thanks to resale royalties, his income just kept growing. In just a few weeks, his wallet crossed the $1 million mark. And all of it from cartoon Wales. So, why did it work? Well, timing. The NFT market was booming in 2021. People loved the underdog creator story and the art, while simple, had charm. It also showed how crypto and NFTs are lowering barriers. You don't need Wall Street or Silicon Valley backing, just an internet connection and creativity. Benjamin didn't just get lucky. He learned the tools, built something real, and took a risk. Whether you're a creator, a collector, or just curious, his story proves there's still room for new voices in web 3. But remember, this market can be volatile. Always do your do your own research and never invest blindly into hype. Smash that like button if this story blew your mind and subscribe to 5 into 10 crypto for more crazy true stories, trading tips, and crypto insights every week.

- 12y old Crypto & NFT Millionaire Becomes Youngest Guest Lecturer at Oxford University: Kind: captions Language: en Enough [Song] [Applause] Good, got to be born on the screen just went one walk like fossa the light Interview complex adverb tone stretching and how He is Cat gold foil vocabulary Jan.

  Top Comments:
  1. @louisclifford9874 [45 likes]: I came here to learn how to invest after listening to a guy on radio talk about the importance of investing and how he made $460,000 in 4 months from $160k, somehow this video has helped shed light on some things, but I'm still confused, I'm a newbie and I'm open to ideas.
  2. @ahmadali-cm2gs [6 likes]: proud of pakistani yound guy
  3. @nirjharbhatnaagar1982 [5 likes]: ..i started learning code when i was not even born..yes when i was a ghost or sprite and now i am a professional soon to be  billionaire coader...!
  4. @dextrix_atria2852 [5 likes]: How did he sell so fast
  5. @angathswaraj5064 [4 likes]: he looks like superwog
  6. @lav6327 [3 likes]: started coding at the age of 5?????
  7. @LR-103 [3 likes]: Look like Indian
  8. @mahfoozmiah2008 [2 likes]: This is super illegal
  9. @vincentskadi955 [2 likes]: Another cashgrab. Anyone could sell and make 3 millions if they got in mid early and mid 2021.
  10. @YimSanirean [1 likes]: He is a very hard working and talented guy. Thanks for sharing this and fully watched👍
  11. @xsxsx8007: This is slap for those who always wanted to make excuses😂😂
  12. @gurbazsekhon684: It was his dad behind all this
  13. @nakularora9319: I hope i could listen his whole lecture even it's paid
  14. @nourdinedaoudi6756: Ther is 2 possibilty sxplain his successes: 
1- he is a very smart boy that his mind work 10 time faster than the normal person
2- he deosn't have a normal life (play with other kids. Enjoy the stupudity of youth....etc) and that's is sad thing
  15. @pradnyagrewal8666: I feel jealous
  16. @barbaradunham4213: JOIN the GNOME FRENZ GANG https://discord.gg/dUX8k8yCDh
  17. @dnk1133: Who is he
  18. @factsandtechs: MOST EXPENSIVE NFTs SOLD IN 2021 https://youtu.be/SzxVIap_QHM
  19. @TheMoneyBuddha: IS   OOD WORLD NFT ANY GOOD ON OPEN SEA?
  20. @speedybonsky: why no one of the speakers is an IT student hahaha

- 3 Youngest Crypto Millionaires & How To Do What They Did: Kind: captions Language: en we all know how it works young people go to school or college in order to pursue a successful career and build wealth and you know maybe if they're lucky they might become a millionaire when they're in their 50s or 60s actually there are some young go-getters that took a different approach by investing everything they had into cryptocurrencies with success stick until the end of this video to find out all about who these successful investors are and how you can become one of them the first one we have on our list is quite well known and not just a millionaire but in fact a billionaire and has founded a cryptocurrency which we all know and love his name is vitalik buterin before vitalik buterin co-founded ethereum in 2011 he first heard about bitcoin when he was 17 years old budarin initially rejected it but after a second look he finally agreed with the concept of bitcoin buterin a russian canadian programmer was enthralled by the decentralized payment system as were many other bitcoin believers buterin co-founded bitcoin magazine in college in september 2011. he became a bitcoin expert and discovered how to upgrade the blockchain buterin persuaded him to pursue full-time cryptocurrency development during a bitcoin conference in may 2013 and he had left school by the end of this semester voter in traveled around the world for six months in 2013 to speak with bitcoin developers he recognized he could iterate to create a new maybe better one on the bitcoin blockchain at the time he considered bitcoin had too limited functionality and unlike many others he did not simply abandon the crypto world but instead developed his own blockchain as a result he created ethereum the cryptocurrency ether power blockchain he wrote the white paper in november 2013 when he was only 19 years old while ethereum's payment system can power and construct decentralized apps like financial instruments and social media sites as well as nfts thanks to its smart contracts it is most known for its peer-to-peer payment method today ether has a market cap of over 370 billion dollars making it the second most valuable cryptocurrency after bitcoin uterine recently became the world's youngest billionaire in cryptography at the age of 27. unlike other wealthy men he has returned to the world rather than spending his money on costly cars and residences the indian covid 19 relief fund and other charities received over 1 billion dollars in donations shortly after the milestone was reached most people are familiar with vitalik buterin since he's the founder of ethereum but how about you did you already know about him and his glorious story let us know in the comments section down below also are you familiar with the second contender on our list his name is eddie zillen eddie zillon began trading in cryptocurrencies six years ago when he was 15 too young to open an account on the coinbase trading website which requires customers to be at least 18 years old zillan on the other hand ignored the contract terms on the website and signed up for coinbase and another trading platform named kraken zillen claims he was first hesitant to invest in the emerging crypto monetary sector which he first learned about through silk road the now defunct drug trafficking website when zillan began trading in 2015 there were few reliable sources of investment advice on how to invest in cryptocurrencies zillan checked his accounts after a few hours of investing his original one hundred dollars and discovered that he had already made ten dollars despite the fact that it may not appear to be much zillon claims to have been taken aback the next day zillan provided additional funds it was a thousand dollars this time a week later he added five thousand dollars followed by another six thousand dollars the following week zillan's entire savings from tennis lessons along with the tidy nest fund had been invested for a little more than twelve thousand dollars a few years ago i risked everything he explained zillan's parents initially had opposing opinions on their child's interest in digital money his father cautioned him against what he considered to be an extremely dangerous venture but his mother approves meanwhile zilen's mistrust waned day by day during the first several months his earnings began to rise zillan was watching cryptocurrencies frequently spending hours a day on crypto monetary forums or communicating with other investors online and his winnings were growing he quickly made a name for himself in alternative cryptocurrencies sometimes known as altcoins and trading on the day in just one year the initial investment in zillan had doubled he claims that the total value of his cryptocurrency holdings was 350 thousand dollars zillan continued to learn cryptocurrencies using the minimal resources available online zillin argues that his market knowledge is primarily derived from conversations with other investors and individuals who have created cryptocurrencies zillin like many early cryptocurrency investors concedes that their success is due in part to timing however zillan contains that savvy bitcoin investing is more skillful than simply opening a coinbase account zillan is acknowledged with his remarkable return to commercial acumen and understanding of digital currency zillan claims his portfolio is now worth more than three million dollars and he is considering a different venture in cryptocurrency consulting but we'll get more into that later do you think this is already impressive then you'll be shocked by our number one candidate he goes under the name eric finnman eric finnman did not take the typical path of a college student born in the united states finnman established an arrangement with his parents in may 2011 when he was 12 years old that his parents may quit college for an unconventional education if he could make a profitable investment what is this transaction he had to convert one thousand dollars in cash to an incredible one million dollars from his grandmother finman worked relentlessly to reach this goal purchasing one thousand dollars in bitcoin when the new currency was just twelve dollars per coin as well as several other digital currencies including ether the native ethereum token finman achieved his goals and became a self-made millionaire at the age of 18. in reality finman's intentions forced him to leave the traditional academic sector to seek schooling he plans to concentrate on establishing a company using bitcoin to assist in the development of a nasa-based satellite although he is a millionaire he is not completely in love with himself one coin that has some skepticism is quite well known ethereum finman voiced his concerns about ethereum's future claiming that money must be made in the short term but that the ico market is lacking in sustainable commodities he stated that he intends to go short on ethereum the hardcore veterans called it ponzi coin bitcoin fortunately all of these crypto pioneers are now looking forward to returning advice to other young men and women who are in the same position they were a few years ago so do you want to become a wealthy crypto one day then make sure you don't overlook the advice we'll give you eddie zillan for example has spent the last year growing his business interest in bitcoin his company bitcoin financial advises organizations and novice investors on bitcoin investments he has also created the coinalert.ly website which aims to supply investors with a variety of materials such as trading advice instructions information and information despite the increasing consequences zillan believes the program fills a gap with investment devices on the bitcoin market a lack of resources zillin argues that his experience sets him apart from other bitcoin industry consultants zilland feels others can use deception or manipulation to take advantage of global clients but his main goal is to educate others his most crucial piece of advice is to never make an investment with the objective of getting wealthy within a few months before selling a coin always plan to keep it for at least three years our number one selection of eric finman is also recommending tips to young people wishing to invest in cryptocurrency find what you're good at and find a way to make money doing it this is crucial for young people he stated in his opinion establishing an extra stream of income will allow you to start investing earlier the bitcoin millionaire says he believes passionately that the crypto revolution is only at its beginning deep down everybody knows cryptocurrencies are the future even the bankers in wall street know it he stated in a now deleted tweet the only debate is how long until it completely takes over therefore he believes you shouldn't waste too much time thinking about when it's the ideal time to invest in which crypto but instead invest in the basics like bitcoin and hold them this means don't sell them as soon as they've made some gains but instead be patient and see it as a long-term investment what do you think about the tips these crypto millionaires are giving do you think by following them we can really become as rich as they are let us know in the comments section i hope you liked this video hit like if you did and make sure you don't miss any of our updates regarding all of your favorite cryptocurrencies have a nice day and i'll see you in the next video

- A Beginners Guide To BUYING Your First SUPERCAR | Doug DeMuro: Kind: captions Language: en how can the average person buy a superar or their dream car for that matter where would you recommend that they start looking how can they know that they're not getting completely ripped off what would what would your just general advice be for them um forums are still unbelievably helpful which is insane because like they were helpful in 1999 you know like but car forums are like Ferrari chat and all the the 4D GT Forum that they're all still shockingly helpful you can get an enormous amount of information with regards to Common problem areas what to look at which shops in your area are shyers which ones are great um you can get a lot of really good info on the forums I have learned basically everything I needed to learn about the cars that I've bought from car forums and talk to owners try to drive one if you can from an owner try to turo one a lot of these cars are available on turo and you can rent one and see if you fit see if it fits in your driveways you know Etc all that stuff um and you know I always tell people the number one thing I always tell people is you're buying the seller so like you're not don't even think about you're buying the car read the seller if if the seller uses the the word should of and he spells it should space o f of guy's not changing his oil that guy is not changing guy that guy is that guy has nine-year-old mismatch tires like I spend an enormous amount of time when I'm buying a car just trying to like read the seller Google everything about the seller try to learn everything I possibly can and see if they I the kach for example I bought it from a deadbeat I knew it going in I he was misrepresenting the car lying about the condition but I knew it and I knew it was going to be hard to find another one like I wanted and so I went in knowing I would have to spend a lot of money to get it nice no it needs nothing he's an idiot and he did write could of that was that was that was uh red flag number one but I knew it and it was fine and I did put the money in um but if you want a nice car I you read the seller and really try to learn as much as you can about the car before you go and do it and try to get a pre- purchase inspection from a reputable shop although I I generally find that pre- purchase inspections are so hit or miss that I don't find as worth I'm a guy with a lot of money but I don't find it as worth it as as some people say always thought that was the go-to to get it just I've had too many friends get a pre- purchase inspection and then get burned um or not get one and then the car is perfect like a lot more of it to me is like look at in in the on our site look at every picture everyone look at look for Clues look for clues in the service history watch the driving video 14 times you know make make sure it's shifting right make sure it sound like I think that stuff is generally better than some mechanic who's not familiar with the car trying to diagnose it in that moment in time who knows if XYZ part that can't even be seen is on its way out you know and I also have a rule that you just have to assume you're going to put money into a car and you buy it people are always so mad when they buy a car and it's not perfect it's like this is a used car driven by Enthusiast it's gon to have needs I always budget in my mind a 10% on top of the car to to make it right and I I generally feel if you can't afford that 10% on top you should probably focus on a less expensive car for me I find the comments actually the most helpful are are so uh you know in tune with with certain cars that I've seen like seller and picture 97 the cap you used isn't the original cap and was a replacement did you lose the original sell on our site sellers hate this but it's but number one it's really useful for buyers yeah and number two if you are representing a good car and representing it well as a seller it can you like if you can push off the the crazy commenters and be like nope that actually is the right cap and here's we tried three different ones here you can come in and look at and I always tell people by the seller well the seller can in that situation rise up and actually look like a real expert who's representing car really well and I've seen sellers who hate those commenters and they're terrible turn it around and actually make it clear that the seller really is an authority and then this instead of complaining I always tell sellers try to answer his question really thoroughly using good grammar and prove to people that you you your car is good interesting

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheIcedCoffeeHourClips [2 likes]: https://tinyurl.com/ICHDougDemuro
  2. @nbatopshotcallers6409 [2 likes]: step 1 be rich...
  3. @LiftMotoring [1 likes]: My first supercar was a 1 of 250 Lamborghini Avio in Blu Grifo.  Less than a year later, I added a second to the collection: a Ferrari 488 GTB in Giallo Modena. Last month I added a third to the collection: a McLaren 600LT MSO Clubsport Pro in Papaya Spark.
  4. @Mr.HarryWild [1 likes]: I have been burned a few times by buying an used Ferraris and now focus on buying new!  Save me money in the long run that is 4-5 years!  You take a 10% hit driving it from the showroom, but everything is brand new too!
  5. @Vlachynahasbeenhacked [1 likes]: Ještě není ani konec ledna, stali jste me tenhle rok už 100.000,- celkem uz více než 1,3 milionu a dáváte mi sem videa, jak di vybrat první supersport 😂😂😅🎉😂

Jste zábavný…
  6. @dzizbigfish [1 likes]: He said First of all you should go to Cars and Bids LOL 🤣😆
  7. @El-Gentlemen [1 likes]: I just recently noticed this trend of "should of" people online. It wasn't like that about 10 years ago. What happened?
  8. @jdwxflyer [1 likes]: Three cheers for literacy!
  9. @ghostes [1 likes]: Supercars are gay
  10. @Jay12321Jay: I don't understand, in what context could a person even write "could of"?
  11. @tiltedmoon101: So, how much money does an average person need to even be able to consider buying a supermarket.  Average income in the US is in the 50k range
  12. @disruptcafe7481: The guy listening didn’t even comprehend that it’s supposed to be “should have” 😂
  13. @PerformanceJuice: Agree on pre purchase inspection being completely hit or miss.. had a brilliant inspection in Florida on an X5 5.0 that led me to pass on the vehicle followed by a horrible inspection, as it turned out, on an X5M in Ohio.  Both by lemon squad.  I’d never buy a vehicle again without putting my hands on it and personally inspecting it.   No legal recourse either as it turns out(I tried).   So stuck with an X5M that I’ve slowly been renovating to my standard.
  14. @TK_Tazzkooler: I do have 9 year old miss match tires 😂 man I hate spell checking
  15. @MariaLewandowska-i6y: super podcast!! I like sportcars
  16. @DocwelGaming: The "should of" comment is so ironic when at the end of the video he says "good grammar" which is incorrect and he should be using the word "proper" or "correct" since good refers to quality or morality. This just shows Doug is a fool. It's extra funny when you consider the venn diagram of people who know how to maintain cars and people who know proper grammar are almost two entirely separate circles with almost no overlap.
  17. @ElswythBrandauer: Coooooooooool!!! Super creative podcast
  18. @Passportb4Passportbros: My most desired dream car was a black C6 convertible and when I found one in my price range I bought is yes 10% was needed to get that car right! I had already negotiated price reduction. LOL
  19. @Don_Amans: As if they go and watch a video to buy their first, what a whack title
  20. @louislatimer4188: What does PPL mean

- SUPERCAR EXPERIENCE DAYS ARE A SCAM: Kind: captions Language: en with Christmas coming up you or your family members might be considering getting a Supercar Experience day I've done a whole load of them at tracks across the country and I think that there are some things that you should really know well I do apologize for the sensationalist title YouTube is a Fickle beast and while I'm sure many have enjoyed their Supercar blasts it's not quite what it seems so let me explain one of the main money makers for the companies that actually run the experience days is the insurance waiver fee they claim that the insurance access if you were to damage the cars in any way is something like 5 000 pouts and of course they also claim that since these are super cars any amount of damage even curbing a wheel will cost you that much and importantly you are the one that's on the hook for that they say if you so much just scratched the rims they'll be billing you for everything that they can so they offer you a solution pay them an extra 30 40 50 pounds and they'll waive that excess you can run the thing into a hedge and you won't be liable for anything the biggest problem with this beyond the idea that anyone except the operator should be paying for the insurance is that the instructors in the car will never let you do anything stupid enough to damage the cars in the first place and more on that later another Money Maker is the in-car video and exterior photos a single shot can be another 20 or 30 pounds at some events and the in-car video isn't any better well it has been a little while since I've done an experience day especially thanks to covert well the last thing that I did one the Onboard video quality was just absolutely potato quality I mean you would think that with all the money that they're raking in from it they could probably afford to stick a few GoPros in there by now when you arrive you'll quickly find out that the majority of the cars that you'd really want to drive are what the operator calls premium cars that means you'll have to upgrade your voucher to drive them want to drive an Aventador pay up Ferrari 458 well when I did it that was a premium car again this can be as much as 50 pounds extra although I think I once saw 75 for one set of class of cars it might have been a McLaren actually of course you don't have to pay the money but as I'll explain in a second there are a number of reasons why you might want to Beyond just wanting to drive the fancy nice cars you can walk away having spent more than the voucher cost in optional extras pretty easily especially for a younger person who's receiving this as a gift it can be a little onerous don't get me wrong it is a great experience but it is worth considering the added costs or finding a voucher that makes it clear they won't need to pay any extra like the Silverstone Supercar experience for example when it comes to the cars assuming you don't pay for the the premium cars the options you'll have will likely be more like sports cars than super cars and importantly here run absolutely ragged I went to do a four car Experience day and when I asked to drive an Aston Martin DBS I was told it was let's say worse for wear and I should pick something else the only other option I had at the time was a Porsche 911 Turbo S from about 2003 the driver's seat was worn through the leather the car had a good few rattles him just creeping out of the pit area and it felt like it was on its last legs the very first track day I did was an under 17's day driving a Ferrari 360. it looked and drove like it might conk out on us at any moment it felt like it was missing about half of its horses and like it had four bushings that were completely short and I was also sitting on mostly foam as the seat was just ripped and worn again don't get me wrong it was still a good time but it is worth noting that these cars aren't exactly looked after unless you expressly buy a voucher for somewhere like Silverstone you might find that the more generic like virgin experiences type voucher is only available at a pretty small selection of pretty small and simple tracks that young driver's Ferrari experience was as far as I can tell a farmer's concrete pad the track was an oval with a cone chicane on one of the Strays and I did one on an old Airfield where you wouldn't really call any of the corner or the turns Corners the closest to a track that I actually got was at Mallory Park which well not too bad isn't exactly long nor the most exciting or challenging and that brings us nicely on to the time in the cars you'll normally get somewhere between three and four laps in each cut I mean that sounds fine except that includes the outlap the one where you leave the piss and the in lap the one where you come back in again so you only get one or two flying laps then it's back into the pits that's enough time to say that you've technically driven the cars but far from enough time to learn them at all or push them even slightly assumingly or even a track that would you know allow for that sort of you know pushing the car in in any sort of degree other than just you know gently breathing on the throttle and sort of turning in on a half corner one of the most frustrating things for me was the fear-mongering from the second that I arrived I'm almost always told some version of you won't be able to handle these cars you will crash them you will spin of course in an attempt to sell you the insurance waiver fee that they present as mandatory they often emphasize that if you do anything that your RAM instructors don't like you will be removed from the venue and won't get to complete your experience no matter how many cars you've driven up to that point and how many cars your voucher says you should be able to drive I had one place say that if you spin you won't drive any other cars and that brings us nicely onto possibly the worst aspect the instructors now I should clarify that I'm very much what you would call on the Spectrum so I respond rather differently to uh things than others especially interpersonal and social situations but the vast majority of the instructors essentially just bark orders at you for every second that you're in the car they never let you actually experience driving because you spend most of your time just processing what order they're shouting at you and then acting on it what's worse is if they decide to literally shout and swear at you for what they consider bad technique I had one instructor tell me that I'm an idiot and in much more colorful language for adjusting the steering wheel mid turn basically at all let's change his gears a little and talk about the best Supercar Experience day I've had that was at Thruxton just outside Andover I've actually done both a Supercar day there and their skid pan experience and both were excellent on the Supercar day I drove a Porsche Cayman as a warm-up car then a McLaren 570s and then a admit Italy limited formula Renault in the McLaren the instructor calmly talked me through it but otherwise left me to enjoy the experience he would let me make little mistakes you know going around corners and then it would give me a tip for how to improve it on the next lap not just screaming at me to you know that I'm doing it wrong the entire time the entire lab which meant that I actually got to experience driving the McLaren and push it to its limits and more likely push it to might what's even better is that when I jumped into the single-seater formula Renault and went out on my own well that meant that I had no minder I had no you know no one screaming in my ear about what to do I just went for it and guess what I overtook almost everyone even without the RPM limited to Just 4 000 meaning I was missing most of the speed and horsepower of the little 2-liter turbo engine don't get me wrong regardless of all of these points having driven actually well over 10 different supercars is amazing it's a fantastic experience on the whole but it does have some blemishes that I think you should know about because they can detract from your enjoyment of the day if you pick the right experience the m4d at msv tracks any of the ones at Thruxton or something like the Palmer sport day that I'm looking to do next year you or your gifty should have an incredible type if not well be aware of these caveats to an otherwise great day and perhaps plan ahead if you are gifting the voucher maybe give the touch bit of money alongside for the insurance waiver fee and that sort of thing and uh yeah just be aware of what's potentially going to come with that said this video is mostly from my experience of doing literally countless different Supercar experience days and sort of track day events and so if you have any of your own thoughts and experiences I would love to hear those in the comments down below if you want to see more videos probably not quite like this one but more car related content more how to's car reviews and a lot of other stuff do hit the Subscribe button and the bell notification icon until I check out the videos on the end card so you can also support the Channel with some of the Amazon links in the description if you're buying stuff there or picking up a hoodie or t-shirt like this one otherwise that's kind of it I hope you enjoyed the video thanks for watching we'll see on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kalliopi-ws4yt [25 likes]: I was so excited to go to the super car experience for my birthday until i saw this. Thanks so much
  2. @IanRothwell-xj3bh [3 likes]: Great video and I wish I'd seen it before I went on one myself. However, you missed one vital point. They also keep the car in standard road mode and don't allow you to use sport or any performance setting. In my case, I drove a 770BHP Aventador. A gorgeous car with an amazing sound track, but it didn't feel like 700HP+, more like 200. My 4.2litre Jag XF was sportier in standard mode with a mere 420BHP and way more exciting than the Lamborgini was in Sport or Dynamic mode. I know why they do this, it's a good way of making sure you don't spin accidentally. I've since come across a chap who just happens to be an instructor for the same one's I went with (Everyman Racing) and he said individual instructors may allow you to switch to sport mode if they feel you can handle it. However, he told me that certainly wouldn't be allowed with any cars 600HP+.
  3. @chrisschuurman4001 [3 likes]: yep , i did my track day same place in the video , was buzzing for months to be able to drive the cars . Finally got the chance and got shouted at for downshifting  before a corner , it really wasnt an enjoyable experience , it didnt feel like my experience , they just tell you what to do .
  4. @raxleigh3981 [2 likes]: I bought a new helmet from Merlin at Castle Combe a few years ago. They were doing an experience day at the time with an Ariel Atom for cheap so I thought it'd be perfect to test out the comfort and field of view of my new helmet. It started to rain as I was waiting, so they stopped doing the Atom. Fair enough, except they wouldn't refund me. Begrudgingly did a few laps in a GTR and decided to basically blank the instructor. Was nowhere near the limit as they had a chicane on pretty much every straight and it was wet, but the guy was screaming his head off at me to brake (when I already was) on the second half of every straight. Shit experience, helmet was great though
  5. @dominicsymonds3140 [2 likes]: Im sorry but whwn you say the Instructor lost his cool  while you seemed it appropriate to "adjust the steering wheel mid corner" thinking its was absolutely ok. ITS NOT.
Instructors are ultimately there for the safety of everybody out there, plus the equipment.
They will be dealing with alll types of drivers, including nervous people. Hotshots who think they can drive fast but in reality have no idea of stitching all the requirements of advanced driving together.
They do not know from one person  to the next who is going to present what to them so limitations have to be made for the sake of everyone.
Please all understand that principle.
As with anything like this , there is upselling. Just say no.
  6. @Sheepshagger6000 [1 likes]: Went to pembrey in south wales granted it was just a cooper s, civic type r and a cayman but the instructors actually push you to brake later. He said the instructors shout at you yes they did down pembrey but at least the one I had was shouting at me to not hit the brakes. In my opinion that improved the experience giving me confidence to push the cars to the limits 10/10
  7. @tnrX999 [1 likes]: I wouldn't waste my money, far better to do a trackday in your own car. Much more fun, as much track time as you want and with the added bonus that you're on your own and actually able to immerse yourself in the experience & most importantly enjoy it !
  8. @raveena1508 [1 likes]: What about the silverstone experience?
  9. @starlight420 [1 likes]: Experience day not track day. Thats the main issue most people have in comprehension of what will happen on the day.
  10. @dunjenkeepa: You are right, they try to extract as much cash at every stage / lap upgrades / car upgrades / insurance / extra cars / photos / in car video . . . . we declined everything apart from the insurance and still had a great day
  11. @rickyburlingham2184: This was exactly my experience with my Car Chase Heroes experience. Upsold insurance through fearmongering, got crappy video quality, were all run down ropey old cars. Also paid an extra £30 to be taken around as a passenger in a BMW M3 by an instructor, I was told to make sure I had a strong enough stomach as we'd be "going round sideways". In reality it was like being driven around Morrisons car park by an 18 year old in a 1.2 Corsa. Overall the drivong bit was fun but it did feel like a complete rip off. I'd pay more next time and do a Silverstone or Thruxton one.
  12. @tutacat: Sounds like many of them charge £100 if you dry steer, which usually does about zero damage
  13. @hankypanky5186: As an ex employee of Everyman, I can confirm that the waiver is just a “scare tactic” used to pressure people into spending more money, it’s crazy that they can charge £5000 for just hitting a cone when with my experience, they’d just do a quick repair that costs them £30, give or take.

I know there has been some instances where both the customer and instructor got charged for the same accident, at the same amount.

The photos and in car filming are too overpriced, £20 for a single print out and £35 in car film up to 2 cars and up to £40 for more than 2 cars, all of the recording equipment seems to predate 2014 but you could tell by the quality anyways.
  14. @motorzinhofumengante: Thank you for the instructional video mate, at least I will not be disapointed with PSR. By the way, any information at all about them, client satisfaction wise?
  15. @bbbf09: So Thruxton the only one? - any others that don't require a days travel from up Nortth?
  16. @Poclman87: Took my son to one of these days few years ago same nonsense with insurance but i did think it was just a money maker
  17. @Blockplay2350: They’re absolute shite, biggest waste of money
  18. @philcolwill4401: I’m going to an experience day on Saturday but I’m 9
  19. @Snake458: I got lucky as I went on my birthday to prestword hall and the guy gave me 2 extra laps but I did have to pay £50 to drive an aventador and £30 for 2x the laps
  20. @Suede-Dogs9670: I am looking to book a mini driving experience.   Is there anywhere you can book directly that won't take the mickey ??   Please does anyone know or can recommend?

- I’m Buying My First Supercar…: Kind: captions Language: en here we go baby welcome back to the Vlog so where are we going we are off to do a bit of car shopping I think I've said this before but what I'm in UK as you can see most driven in Dubai I'm driven I'm almost in the back driving in Dubai is genuinely stressful so most of the time I just sit in the back do some work make some calls yeah that's day-to-day occasion when we go abroad I'll rent out some nice supercars some nice sports cars have a little bit of fun zip around so at the moment all the cars that I own are all cars that's in the back today I'm buying my first ever Supercar well I might be buying we're stopping off at one place then we're gonna go check out a few other spots as well see what can be done how quickly it can be done because there is for example one specific car I want but it'll take three to four years and unfortunately I don't have that time because I need a car in one year exactly for a very special event that I'm very excited for and actually it might even be a cool opportunity for us to hang out and spend some time around some cool cars but I will tell you a little bit more about that at the end of the video [Music] I guess we have to wait until then to talk about but there's not many people who buy a car knowing that they're gonna slap on an aggressive amount of Miles pretty quickly so it's only 1500 miles A Thousand Miles yeah so I guess that kind of changes things you know and that's funny like I feel as a listeners the cars you want to drive for a quick 30 60 minutes I have to consider a few other things with this purchase you know like such as like the health of my back oh really what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This Is Not Gonna Change oh god this is my worst nightmare I actually can't think of anything worse have you driven one before yeah was it rock hard seats yes these have got Comfort Seats really I know you these are Comfort Seats this is unbelievably comfortable I need my tracksuit all right what else we got well this is the one or you can go super loud an sto yeah no not that thing yeah no no chance no you don't want that it's a comfortable thing I mean listen I get it if you're on track days right that's a good tracking car but like yeah nah what how I mean yeah it's nice but you're in your 20s yeah so yeah but I have a phantom bro I'm an old man you know this is beautiful beautiful spec great color nice interior drop top I'm sure the carplay in here is nice yeah I'm sure it's great ah I can get a nice and comfy on this one I'm not letting you buy this I'll buy that I'll go half of you if you were half of me on a pet me oh God I don't know what we're going about okay I'll consider it okay if you want something that's got four months it's all the Lamborghini drama of v10 or V12 but you want five seats big boot space this is a car you buy you know what I think this is probably the only Lambo I'd own yeah like I'm just probably the only Lambo I'd buy I have no use for it but it's because you haven't been in an event at all I have but it's not driven it you think uh the issue is I don't think it really fits into car rally to be honest how much money you got a lot how many problems you got be honest he's not here be honest yeah it's you won't you won't drive it I know you yeah but I will what do you realistically for me it has to be a Porsche maybe a Ferrari I'm just so aggressively against Lambos hey it works does it yeah you know all I need now Lamborghini I bet me no now's a good time for me to explain why I actually need my first Supercar so as you guys know I don't do any in-person events I don't do Keynotes speeches I got so much that comes across my table this is the first thing in so long that actually interested me and that's because I know how incredible of an entrepreneur John is and I know that this is just gonna be such a cool chance to meet so many you guys spend a week together so now is probably a good time to actually unveil what this is so maybe you want to tell them a little bit about the magic that you've created with Mod Ball but basically the mob ball it's been around for 17 years it's like the craziest week it's like a rolling Festival last year I went to the Monaco Grand Prix this year's Ibiza but next year we're taking it back to the Monaco Grand Prix because it's so incredible in the past year what I've seen you do on YouTube and your social media and your businesses is like incredibly impressive and long story short we're partnering up for next year's event everyone's going to bring his entire but media side of things all that kind of stuff and we're going to bounce ideas off for all the parties and events so I know that you like to party every now and again so yeah we're basically joining our brains together to create the most epic model in 18 years so for most of you guys this will be a court opportunity for me to take you through the Journey of buying my first Supercar it's gonna be a super cool week we're going to be touring all the way through Europe and ending off in Monaco for Grand Prix and Marco Grand Prix is one of the probably five to ten events a year that everyone wants to go to and no one can do it right and not only that but be there with a hundred plus other people that have the same interest in you have the same likes as you and it's not just that but a week of traveling with people I mean that's that's one way to bond and you're definitely going to leave with a very special connection with all the people who attend it's good you mentioned that because obviously we're opening up 150 slots but for the hundreds of other thousands that watch this but unfortunately you know don't have the financial means to attend this yet and by the way this is something that can be aspirational you guys can actually come and we'll make it known where we're stopping off in which cities and you can basically come and see a 150 incredible supercars speak to the owners I'm sure that if you ask the owners of these supercars hey what did you do how do you end up in this position you know can you tell me a little bit about your story you know you're going to end up meeting so many interesting characters along the way so one of the things I've always wanted to do on mobile because we have like a we have a Great Gatsby pie during the week and in Monaco we can have a charity vote and I would love love to raise a million dollars somehow for charity it's a little bit about how you can get involved bear in mind it will be application process this is similar to any serious business Mastermind of course we're gonna go we're gonna have a ton of fun we're gonna raise a bunch of money for charity we're gonna have lifelong experiences but at the end of the day we need to make sure and it's very very important we need to make sure we Safeguard who comes the caliber of people to come because then they were spending a week together so for us to dedicate a week of our life and interact daily with all of the attendees we want to make sure that we have the highest caliber people there so there'll be a link below where you can apply the cost is 9950 per person minimum of 2 two people in a car and John maybe you can tell them what that actually includes yes that includes all the hotels the entire experience all the events doesn't include alcohol obviously but yeah includes actually everything car displays all the stickers on the cars everything that goes along around it and then the final part of it is that we we've already put together the final party on top of Nikki Beach so not only do we get to experience the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix as a group and with a big party but we're overlooking the hairpin and the Yachts at the same time that's probably the best place you could be for F1 Grand Prix yeah the question is though how are you doing it I think we need to go to Ferrari next and that's about it I'm very excited to see some of you guys next year spend a week driving together creating some amazing memories and top it all off at Monaco F1 all right so in London now off to Rolex dinner for their top clients I will see what I can record and if I can get anything for you guys then yeah and I'll show you some of the new pieces so guys it's the next morning on from the Rolex event we are currently on the way to farnborough airport where we came from yesterday the funny thing about Patek is they're not gonna be like oh and then we take the jet to Geneva but it's at farnborough airport which is only a private airport so I think we're going back on a jet I think or they may have just told the Wiz there to come to Farmer so we'll see we'll see yeah anyways it's early morning off to go to Geneva to go around the factory to get a little tour of the historical buildings and see some of New pieces so I'm very very excited for this one to be honest as you guys know Patek is outside I've even watches that says party my favorite brand on Earth so oh baby no text back so call misses I feel like we all victims drunk testing I should not do Patron what are we doing well Amara planned activities and then the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] activities on earth look at it Segways and you have to wear a helmet apparently I can feel how bad it is clay pigeon shooting except it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] laser this is pathetic I'm already talking out here Amara took a fat out okay so just get it over them all the way around yeah that's it and then you've got to go around the pole all the way around on the second one come through here for the second nap yeah okay [Applause] I'm late because I come bearing gifts Santa Claus lots of gifts yeah there's like actually like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tons of gifts you supplies also um wait uh there's one other thing thank you so much well listen uh I mean there's 101 things I want to say but as you guys know I don't have much family that's basically just me and my mom only child and and you know when I was younger I found that very difficult I found it very tough just being me myself and I I'm sure you know maybe some of you guys have brothers or sisters but maybe you felt a little alone and you felt like you know maybe you don't have your tribe or the people that had your back no matter what you know as you mentioned the people who you know you'd go to war with I always say this I think loyalty to me is such a big thing and I think I know from the bottom of my heart that we all have each other's back and I know from all my heart that we would all go to war for each other that's why you know it's listening to do some incredible things for our customers for our community for for the kids in Nepal but like I can tell you out of everything for me the most incredible thing about this company is having family and you guys Jenny are from low in our best family I've ever wished for so

  Top Comments:
  1. @telweird [1 likes]: علي يقول اشتري gt3rs
  2. @Confident-y5l: this proves boyss money can buy happiness
  3. @LiftMotoring: My first supercar was a 1 of 250 Lamborghini Avio in Blu Grifo.  Less than a year later, I added a second to the collection: a Ferrari 488 GTB in Giallo Modena. Last month I added a third to the collection: a McLaren 600LT MSO Clubsport Pro in Papaya Spark.
  4. @Adelina_Silveira: congratulations👏
  5. @EMDLF: What about the gt3? Ismt that a supercar?
  6. @Spoelbakhuis: This guy is creazyy
  7. @DonutDudes: the thing in one year was modball
  8. @codylim1: 4:57
  9. @unknownsadboy2530: Charity! Charity! The best way to avoid taxes and manipulate people to trust more (im not saying iman have bad intentions)
  10. @gianmarcodelia2511: can somebody PLS tell me what's the music at the final speech Iman made in this video?
  11. @Al-ib3mr: gifting part was the best part of the video haha
  12. @sugondeez665: goes to a dealership and complains about every car there
  13. @Geetalingamn: only daddy/s money..
  14. @brandethewine: He can literally write this car off because it’s being used on social media (business) and at these events. And you can write off a percentage of a car with a few years of purchasing it if it’s used for business. Well you can do this in the US….
  15. @animefangirl9006: u are so sweet Iman
  16. @Shiven-p1r: Help me
  17. @Shiven-p1r: Hi
  18. @Jade_Sales_Espana.0813: Lets go shopping dude.
The shop: 🏎️
  19. @Atom079_personal_blog: You are so kind. But i have a question. Are they your company workers and your bussiness partners?
  20. @echoed_wisdom: Iman Sir i need help from you 
Is there any way i can contact you

- Are YOU Ready to Buy Your First Supercar?!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to be talking about how much you should make before you buy your first supercar and then how much you should be making kind of along the way as you progress up in the supercar chain now take it from a guy that owns over 20 million dollars worth of cars and 25 plus super and hyper cars listen up there's gonna be a lot of awesome information first up is the starter supercar now before i get into the supercar i want to mention that i didn't actually buy my very first supercar until i was 35 years old in 2018. i'm a pretty conservative guy i'm pretty cautious and i'll get into some other things that you should look out for before you go buy your first supercar there's a lot of important things that should be taken care of first so i say that this is the starter car because not only is it one of the lower end on the price spectrum but it's also a car that i bought on copart i paid 85 000 for this and it had some light front end damage we were able to fix this up pretty cheap it was probably under about fifteen thousand dollars to get this thing fully fixed up so all in i was a little over a hundred thousand dollars to get this one of one maritime blue rear-wheel drive audi now i say it's the rws rear-wheel drive model because that actually saves a lot of money i think those are about 20 to 30 thousand dollars cheaper but a lot of people don't know it just by looking at it so essentially you've got this cheaper car that's rear-wheel drive saves you money had some damage on it and i was willing to fix with it when you get a starter supercar what you shouldn't do is exactly what i did and that's put a bunch of modifications on it so i did an alpha a10 twin turbo kit on this exhaust system with downpipes spoiler and wheels that probably cost me in all about 70 to 80 thousand dollars it did get a lot more performance out of it but not money well spent because i'm probably only only going to see maybe 30 to 40k of this when i go to sell it so i'm just pointing it out that it has mods probably not a good idea if this is your starter car all right so google will tell you that you can basically afford 10 of your annual income to spend on a vehicle so if you make a hundred thousand dollars a year then you can put 10 000 a year towards your car payments now that's pretty accurate but there definitely are some things that you can flex on and i'm going to tell you about that in just a little bit some cool tricks where you can basically allow yourself to afford a little bit more of an expensive car depending on what stage of life that you're in now because this car was around 100 000 all in the payment was right around sixteen hundred dollars a month when i did a four and a half percent interest rate with ten percent down you should be able to put ten percent down as well if you can't put that ten percent down you're probably not ready to afford a vehicle that one i do agree with and i would stick with that if you can't put the ten grand down in a hundred grand car you're probably not ready for a supercar a sixteen hundred dollar payment per month is about twenty thousand dollars a year so you need to make about two hundred thousand dollars a year to be able to afford this an even easier rule of thumb is basically take your income cut it in half and that's the amount of card that you can afford you make two hundred thousand dollars a year you can afford a hundred thousand dollar car if you finance it more on that in just a little bit next up is the clout level supercar so these are the supercars that are a little over two hundred thousand dollars really they only manufacture supercars so ferrari lamborghini mclaren they only build supercars and these are the cars that you typically want to flex or make a statement with this is my 2017 ferrari 488 gtb i paid 220 000 for this about two years ago let's get into the current market i promised you that i would and it is stupid crazy so this car is currently going for just under 300 000 after me putting about 8 000 miles on it and after two years that never happens this is not a good market to buy a supercar that is in the clout level or in the uh audi level that i just went over do not do not buy a supercar right now do not you are going to get hammered in just a little bit i worry about local car dealers that have a lot of inventory of supercars there is a bubble that is going to burst once the supply chain thing gets figured out and it's going to be bad that said there is a supercar that i just bought and i'm going to go over in a little bit why that one was an awesome purchase and i still would have gone and bought it even in the current market let me give you one of the most ridiculous examples of how bad this market is my very first supercar that i bought 2018 was a 2015 lamborghini aventador big flex cloud car for sure right paid 312 000 for it put 10 000 miles on it just a few months ago after owning it for four years i made almost fifty thousand dollars selling that car now that three hundred and twelve thousand dollar car should have been worth about two hundred thousand dollars in a normal market we're talking about a hundred and fifty thousand dollar difference selling it at 360 where it should be worth low twos dangerous scary market avoid buying supercars right now wait until that bubble gets back down to where everything is well below msrp another thing to look out for is depreciation in a normal market again this is a stupid stupid market that probably will never happen again but in a normal market you're going to lose about 20 percent of that car's value in the first year so you go by 300 000 car you better believe that things gonna be worth 240 grand or less that's a big loss in value and that's literally 60 000 off of the total asset amount that you own so we talked about the clout level supercar being in the two to three hundred thousand dollar range as i mentioned this was 220 000 that means that you need to have a salary of around 440 000 a year to be able to afford a car like this kind of crazy isn't it probably more than you expected again we'll talk about ways to get around that in just a little bit since i'm an owner of fitment industries custom offsets ma performance in a slew of other online automotive companies i have to represent this vehicle with some awesome wheels a lot of my vehicles have aftermarket wheels this one is no exception i have the carbon aero piece i have the full vorsteiner arrow kit again not a great idea to add a bunch of modifications like this that are 20 to 30 thousand dollars in value but boy does it make this thing look freaking awesome doesn't it this is one of my favorite most tasteful cars with the aftermarket modifications we made something extremely important to keep in mind as well is the insurance cost on these vehicles certainly more money than a typical average chevy or whatever it may be however i have awesome awesome cheap insurance click the link in the description when we're done with this video and you'll see a full vlog that we did on all the insurance costs for a lot of my vehicles they are shocking i promise you literally shocking how awesome my rates are while i say that go talk to my boy nate at country financial insurance in west chicago google that number bailey throw it on the screen give this man a chance to give him to get you a quote it's shocking literally shocking how awesome they are and how great the raid is next up is the investment enthusiast supercar this one is a 2006 ford gt it was the second to last one that rolled off of the assembly line this is a vehicle where you buy it it may not be quite as much of a flex as a lamborghini a ferrari but you know that it's probably going to make you money in a normal market again we're in a stupid market keep that in mind um this one i paid right around 300 000 for today's value puts it at 450 000 with this paint specification and the mileage so at 450 000 in value that means you need to make 900 000 a year to be able to afford this now now we're going to segue into the part where there's a lot of different things in your life that can alter what you're doing right so a few of the questions that i get asked are should i be investing my money elsewhere should i put it in my 401k should i be investing into my business i would say that there are a lot of very good questions right and if you have a great business a solid idea that you're executing your money should always go to your business first if there's something if there's a business idea that you can grow nurture and you know will be successful that's where i'm putting my money and that's why i waited 15 years to go buy a super hyper car i was not comfortable until i was there again i'm quite conservative with that 401k by far the best bang that you can get for your buck your company matches your 401k so you literally get 100 return on your 401k make sure you fully invest into your 401k before you go buy a supercar period best money that you can get real estate is also a super stable awesome investment opportunity that you can have and i also bought a lot of real estate before i bought any of my super hyper cars you can typically expect to earn around 20 now that's it's a little complicated how it works but through appreciation depreciation and receiving rental income it typically will equal that 20 percent and that's a rare return that you're really not going to get on a supercar so there's really there really is a major just clout factor to owning a supercar yeah i mean you'd be hard-pressed to find someone that owned one that doesn't want just a little bit of clout and to a lot of people that's important clearly to some degree it's important for me so if cloud is important to you great go buy a supercar flex your success you worked hard for it you deserve it i have a lot of white collar people come up to me and say how do you manage these cars how do you try to make money out of them and i tell them i don't buy my cars as financial investments i buy them as experience investments i buy them to let people in them experience them go drive them have fun in them really it's all about just having fun and enjoying my vehicles if i can make some money great but that is certainly not on the forefront of my mind when i'm going to buy these of course when i do buy a vehicle i am actually very frugal i do look at used vehicles when i can we'll talk about a new vehicle and how that was again one of my best investments that i've made usually a new vehicle is not but usually i'm very frugal i will go shop and find the color that i want and i will go find the cheapest one that makes sense and it's in good mechanical condition and then we'll have it shipped in and then i'm usually not there in the delay the day that it arrives unfortunately but whatever when i say i buy vehicles i've now passed that task on to mr thomas he goes yeah i do a lot of research i get the color i want the mileage i want no that's like me 20 hours a week like trying to find cars on and off market going crazy but we get them it's a lot of fun and i love it some of the other vehicles that i own that fall into that investment enthusiast category are my lamborghini countach my mercedes sls amg my 1988 bmw m5 check out that build series we're hacking the crap up out of it going to get a ferrari testerosa what else tommy he goes at m5 we're gonna chop it apart that is not a good investment car where literally you bought it to cut it apart to ruin the value yes you're right that's a good point some other areas where you can flex on that 10 rule or half of your annual income is your seasons of life right are you married do you have kids are you living with the parents if you're living with their parents i hope you don't go buy a supercar but you certainly would have a lot more disposable income to go do it so maybe that is the right move if you if you're doing well you're just getting out of college living with the parents making good income you've got more disposable income maybe you can flex up to 20 are you living humbly in a smaller home are you renting do you have roommates all things to consider that will allow you to flex additional money especially where you live could be a very different chicago is quite expensive new york is expensive but if i lived in southern illinois or wisconsin cost of living is significantly lower so i can certainly flex on that number so i think that 10 percent kind of ties to a a typical region like a chicago area but ultimately you know what you can afford if you're good at budgeting stuff and and you probably know whether or not you can make that flex uh to a higher amount and again a lot of it just depends on on how important that clout and that experience of the vehicle is to you while i mention that typically when you start buying super and hyper cars though there is an expectation of other people that that your lifestyle kind of matches that so people tend to start dressing a lot nicer wearing suits they have to get that bigger and better house they have to go to that bigger and better restaurant and i've certainly seen some of that spill over into my life except for the clothing i just like my sweats and my t-shirt that will never change i'm sorry comfort just for the job you want i've said it before retirement unemployed 120 dollars [Laughter] well that was your fault i know some of the problems with that whole logic about buying the bigger house buying more expensive watch whatever maybe is it can be a very dangerous spiral that buying that supercar does elevate your status and you can get yourself into financial trouble so be careful for that make sure that you always have that comfort blanket to be able to afford your rent something that might go wrong with your house blah blah blah this is a limited edition need to have an existing relationship with the dealer serious collector car this one you cannot get right now for less than double the msrp because i have a relationship with mclaren they were able to get me an allocation for this vehicle i just had to trade in my 720s with them this is my 2022 mclaren 765 lt spider the msrp on this thing is 440 000 which means you need to make again like the ford gt almost 900 000 to be able to afford this very expensive however the unique thing about this car that i discussed earlier i alluded to was that i paid 440k for this they are going for double that so they are going for nearly 900 000 because it is a rare vehicle they only produce 765 of these extremely hard to get right now in the spyder model they actually stop production of this so this is a great opportunity that you can get when you know you go pay it you're going to double your money right away this is almost the investment quality you can go turn and flip and make a buck right away with a car like this problem with that or the risk is that if you go do that then you're probably going to lose a future allocation with mclaren so you're kind of damned if you do you're damned if you don't and the relationship with mclaren is very important in fact if i didn't own my p1 my sena or the 720s that i traded in for this there's probably no way in hell that i would have got this allocation because i knew this car was rare and it was going to be worth more than what i paid for it i actually went and did all the specifications myself and i tried to add a couple rare things that i thought would add more value to this this thing is stacked full of carbon and a lot of awesome stuff one of my big things is color matched interiors of course you'll see that on a lot of cars that i'm starting to spec now i would never i want to be very clear that it i will be very hard pressed to go buy a brand new supercar if i think that it is going to depreciate even with having a collection as big as mine you probably will not go see me buy a new supercar if i can go get one that's two or three years old the same body low mileage and go save like 20 percent right now in this market you're basically paying msrp for a three four year old car so it's crazy and again i'm just not buying right now um but i know that this bubble will pop and then a year or two there'll probably be a great opportunity to get some really cheap supercars again and by not buying of course he means he got four cars in the past week but um that's besides the fact right and one of them being a la ferrari but would i go buy a lamborghini huracan a ferrari 48g to be an f8 no way in hell the past five cars you got in the past two weeks or whatever all of them you could sell this week for more than you bought them for the biggest risk right now is that two to three hundred thousand dollar clout level supercar um those are the ones that seem to be getting hit the hardest they're not the investment level they're a little more expensive they're not one that you're buying at co-part and trying to really really price up uh those are the ones that i worry are gonna cost you a hundred thousand dollars in depreciation or even more if you go buy one today and wait a year or two bad move don't do it one of the most important things to also think about is the maintenance on vehicles if you buy a vehicle that is out of warranty where if you're buying used that's probably is the case maintenance is stupid expensive i do want to point out that i do finance some of my vehicles and i will not pay over four percent as a finance rate i won't do it i'll pay cash if that's the case now it's really smart to actually go finance a vehicle if you can afford it because you can just keep the money that you would have spent on the vehicle and go invest it somewhere and get more than that four percent so i do have a stack of titles sitting in my safe at home granted i don't want to have all this money extend it out but at the end of the day um do whatever works best for you thanks so much for watching hit that subscribe button please we have some awesome content coming up on all the vehicles and uh just hit that button below we want to get to 200 000 subs check out our social media channels instagram go check us out on tick tock also if you have absolutely any questions on how i afford these finance them structure them whatever put a comment below we will answer your comment i promise [Music] this is what steve does to people just like rocking back and forth he makes me nervous

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertromero8094 [5 likes]: Bros damn near 50 looks 32 lol
  2. @86Disab [2 likes]: Im really curious what keeps you going.  Like, when is enough enough?  Im 38, networth of $1.4mil hopped out of real estate.  Definitely want to get a long term family home, but home prices here in Vancouver BC are so ridiculous.  Considering moving to Alberta where homes are 1/3 to 1/4 the price and paying cash for a few properties and just living it up.  Always been curious what motivates high networth individuals.  Is it the people you surround yourself with?  Im a Christian and it seems like a lot of people im around are happy to be broke and we are an anomaly.  I havent worked for 3 years, am a stay at home dad.. ive done well with investing and have been able to turn $300k home equity in 2021 into the $1.4 mil.  While I enjoy investing, I wonder if I should get into some sort of business that its just me because just taking care of 3 kids and running errands can be a lot.  Ive got a lot more brain and capacity to use.  Just curious anyway.  Asked my wife about us getting a fun vehicle once we reach a couple million.  Been eying up the BMW M550i or even just a 2018-2019 540i with the B58. Pretty fun cars and nothing too extravagant.  Ive always wanted a nice car, but have also always been practical.  At least its a family sedan when you take your foot off the pedal.  Anyhow, very nice cars.  Also you have a beautiful house and family.  I can tell youre a great guy.  Pray God's blessing on you, your family and your mission that God has for you.
  3. @FrostAngel-b1n [1 likes]: is a dodge viper acr and gtr r35 premium a supercar??
  4. @LiftMotoring: My first supercar was a 1 of 250 Lamborghini Avio in Blu Grifo.  Less than a year later, I added a second to the collection: a Ferrari 488 GTB in Giallo Modena. Last month I added a third to the collection: a McLaren 600LT MSO Clubsport Pro in Papaya Spark.
  5. @AdmiralWackbar: Great video. Wish I could have watched things like this in my teens instead of the mindless MTV cribs episodes where they just flex the cars without mentioning the consequence of lifestyle creep.
  6. @MB98164: Try this in Australia 😂
  7. @mickymouse3491: If you can’t pay cash you can’t afford it period!!!
  8. @DonnyB2365: How tall is this guy. Can 6ft 4 fit in mclaren
  9. @BaseballDruid: DO NOT FINANCE these things lol

If you want a super car, buy outright, otherwise you can’t afford it
  10. @symbolz6369: u look very good for ur age
  11. @TheCeo_: You were dead right
  12. @HusseinJoudee-l1x: Supercars very cool toys
  13. @ArmasReverence: Didn't even know you could finance these lol, guess I'll be making a 250k down payment 😂
  14. @xspinmubeat_Frostyleg: how bout 350k a year? wht should i buy, im 22
  15. @BuggKnuckle: Down payments on cars I stupid as f
  16. @josef.my199: What 34 2018 ? Bro you look 28 years old
  17. @cataca91: for a conservative guy, i gotta say, your taste in matching riims to cars is pretty atrocious
  18. @tummyfiller9782: Man this video was super informative
  19. @friedoreo896: How can I afford a lamborghini veneno
  20. @volvo8938: I'm looking to buy my first super car now, I would never buy it if I had to finance

- My First Supercar Experience Lamborghini Huracan Spyder: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] and keep pushing braking okay perfect now pushing the brake push this or we go straight back 10 cylinders 5.2 liters to the left 5.2 liters 610 horsepowers from zero to 100 in three seconds and top speed over 325 kilometers per hour carbon ceramic brakes of course it's good for stopping this it's me that's for sure to the right is an excellent car i raced with lamborghini but many years ago 1997 1998 in the european championship with the diablo svr was the real racing version of diablo very fast 600 horsepower now you can go faster if you want after that corner you can flat out if you want we have a lot of torque also at the lower reeves yeah top reefs are 8500 but if you reach top race and you don't shift up it shifts up automatically yeah round about the second exit and then flat out we can't overtake there is a solid line i suggest you to slow down distance big distance second here we need a lot of this but don't follow the gas pedal yeah flat out very fast way to wait away it is better than queuing yet wait i'm checking the road behind okay now flat out he was shifting at five thousand okay so also progressively correct you're a good driver because using this one and not this one yeah thank you progressively the performance of the car keep it going the counter the back pressure on the sound is normal because the source is very short yeah and the compression ratio is a 13.521 so it's extremely compressed to the right of course the bore is much more than the stroke so the speed of the piston speed is very high yeah too dry pedals were born with the ferrari in 1989 in formula one to simplify the work of the driver and the technician was john parner an english man like an english technician and one of the driver was nigel manson 89 many years ago i love all cars yeah but i prefer race cars it's much safer to race than to stay on the road yeah i i'm doing his retro season 1984 we go straight very slowly because sometimes people cut the junction here to the right right now we go up to the hill so how long have you had the work on in your thing a year from 2010 on the track since 1994. you are a good driver very precise yeah and you make have you made some courses on the track and you may of course not yet like i mean i'm like because i was here for my friend's wedding like i'm planning on coming back to italy just to try and release all this yeah just for the track especially because uh i wanna go just the 360 challenge um seriously yes beautiful car three systems single class however yeah like i mean i love the as much as you know dual clutch is faster single clutch bit more emotion yes boom yeah exactly aventador is single-class yeah it is attention italian driver everywhere i am italian but i know my chickens there is a little speed bumps after this burner but it's not a problem with magnetological suspension yes only for the speed bump of course no no problem the clearance here there is another speed bounce 50 meter meters ahead after no more speed bumps to the right you keep going to the right now you can commute in sport if you want okay so corsa makes it really really low of course the difference is that if you reach maximum reads it doesn't shift up to the left and the differentials are in the last position yeah so the car is very quick entering in the corner so and less less less threshold control less ability control so for the road is not a good idea however if you want it on the street you can commute in course but mind that you have to shift up it doesn't show oh it doesn't shift because only to shift at a lot more or eight thousand five hundred dollars because you don't want to redline the engine that's for sure 610 horsepower so stop and then to the left three i'll say i want to have this in my life this is after there are a lot of streets if there are no cars behind i suggest you to slow down the distance not to waste meters over the tour sorry for my english but i never speak english so yeah i have to refresh it especially the pronunciation that's all right shoot full gas definitely coming back for this what do you think the first meters with this car i must say it's uh it's a little bit easier than i thought it was going to be because i mean it's more friendly it's more friendly yeah like turning circle nice and light uh i feel like it was going to be a bit you know you know a little bit scarier but it's actually pretty good it's really really good i like it so yeah no this is literally made the trip worthwhile we have torque at any rates yeah after the traffic light to the left the second track is going and keep going now the ground here is not better a little more less stiff because the ground is really bad keep going second exit in australia you have a beautiful a beautiful championship a v8 supercar yeah i love it i seen on italian tv too yeah yeah i must say the older mr mercedes etc so many but um because holden and the four that was there they're stopping making them so we're not sure what we end up coming in okay try this okay which one's better you think do you think electronic or do you think uh why yeah no no why i also i am 52 all star i raced only with manual shifting cars i don't want controls i don't want and i don't want anything yeah me and the car nothing else when they do passenger i always off because i want to feel the car it's different yeah that is very first exit now we are in a small town so not fast but the acceleration is completely different when you push very fast on the head something bigger no like a tank for example are we waiting no hurry nothing like here is like the roads are very narrow so you kind of get used to it oh yeah good driver i'm easy when i stay in this position if i'm not easier stay like this i think it's uh at the junction the attention because is very narrow we turn it to the left when i go i have a lot of friends in switzerland switzerland is completely different everybody's poorly kept him straight now we slow down and we turn to the left reverse straight back the camera and with the sensors straight now a little more more more more more more more a little more and now break both pedals please and thank you very much excellent driver

- Are screen‑free kids the new status symbol? | BBC Global: Kind: captions Language: en Tell me if this sounds familiar. You're at a restaurant enjoying your dinner and you look across the room and you see a family. The parents are sitting there talking to one another, but their kids are eerily quiet. They're almost in this sort of trance as they sink deeper and deeper into an iPad. A bunch of young parents I know are now making a big effort to avoid exactly that kind of a scene. After years of warning about social media and screen time, there's a backlash among many millennial parents to the thought of raising what some people would call an iPad kid. But it's not a luxury all parents can afford. Ditching screens is more of an option for parents who have time and resources to monitor their kids. What's odd about this is that I can still remember a time when we all wanted to give our kids access to more and better technology. So, are screenfree kids becoming a status symbol? And is this a new digital class divide? I recently spoke with the writer Royce Shin Lanigan who's written a piece about why this complete 180 happened and how this vision of a tech-free childhood also raises some thornier questions about time, money, and who can actually afford to unplug their kids from this digital world. Roshene, I want you to just put us in the context of where we are in kids and tech and income because I think it was not that long ago that we worried that children from poorer backgrounds would be at a digital disadvantage because they wouldn't have access to the latest tech, the latest phones. And now I feel like we're worrying actually that something else could be happening that there is a digital divide but that it's wealthier kids who are being kept away from the latest iPhones, the latest tech, the latest iPad. So what what is happening? I I think you're right. I think that so I'm in my 30s. Um and a lot of people around me are just beginning to have children. All the children that my cohort are having are still quite young. But I can remember a time when I was growing up when you your your luxury and your privilege was measured by the the technological goods that you had. So you wanted the pink Motorola Razor, you wanted an iPod and these were things that it was cool to have. But now postco as people are having kids postco there's a real reversal of that. So I'm seeing wealthier parents making decisions where they have no screens in their home. Maybe their children don't even watch TV. everything is geared towards analog sensory play. Um, and there's a real fear of technology and that can be at one end, you know, like not even knowing how to turn an iPad on when you're four, never mind having one in a restaurant. But at the other end, trying to protect your kids through minimizing their presence on your social media, so putting emojis over their face and things like that. Um, and I think part of it comes from safety concerns. You know, the internet has changed massively since I was younger and wanted access to this technology, but part of it is an expression of luxury, too. You know, it's um >> So, it's almost like it's a kind of new status symbol. Having techfree kids is the kind of sign of affluence. >> Exactly. Because I think that you have to break down like what does it mean to have a tech-free child because sometimes your kids are screaming and your house is really noisy or you're at work or you you know you don't have child care that can be quite expensive and so putting a child in front of a TV or in front of an iPad is what you need at that moment. If you say that your child is going to be completely offline, you're communicating to the people around you that you have the means to patrol that, that you're maybe not working full-time and that you're at home quite a lot, that you have a lot of access to your children because I think that the new expression of luxury is is basically time. You know, you have the time to work out, you have the time to parent, you have the time to do everything else. >> So, you're saying that like I know what my child is doing at every moment of every day. And I think the one of the reasons why I started thinking about this was that I read this interview with Kira Nightly where she was talking about her children a little bit older than the children that are around me. They're maybe like 12, 13. Um, and she was given this interview where she said that she teamed up with other moms at the school. And they'd all decided to block social media for their children and it was the best thing to do, which was presented as a really progressive and nice thing. And I think it is, but you obviously Kira Nightly has the time to do that or the staff that she employs have the time to do that. Normal parents don't. What does this do to And we've seen an explosion in income inequality. Um, tons of stories about that here in the US, about that in Europe as well. What does this do to the kind of general class income divide between halves and have nots? I think it becomes as as you say yourself, I think it becomes a status symbol. I'm already seeing it as a status symbol for adults where you'll have adults that say like, "Oh, I don't go on social media. You know, I don't watch TV. I don't go on the internet. I have no interest in it." Which is presumably very good because you're saying like, "Oh, well, I this is a fad and I don't engage with it." But when you >> I'm a purist who reads long novels and and does knitting. I understand culture on a higher plane basically is what they're saying. But I think also >> I'm a much better person. >> Exactly. But I think on a more base level like if you look at how people network, how people find job opportunities, how how people engage with the world around them and find their news. Like by by opting out of that, you're saying, "Well, I don't need that. I already know what I need to know. I already know the people that I need to know. I don't need to engage in the online world." But I guess what we don't know is what the outcomes are going to be for those kids that are kept off devices compared to those kids whose parents perhaps can't afford to please them so much because they're working two or even three jobs and what their prospects are going to be if they spend their childhoods more on with more screen time or do you think we can do you think we can already start to see what the outcomes of this are of this divide are going to be? I think that people there's definitely research being done into that and there seems to be again a fearfulness that the children who are growing up completely online and relying on these devices that their attention span is going to be worse that they're not going to be able to learn in the same way that a child who is playing outside would learn. But I'm a little bit skeptical of that because like we just don't know and it's not really a thousand miles away from when I was a child and it was like well your your child should be on the computer for 1 hour a day and you don't know what's happening on there because my parents didn't understand the internet the way I did and I won't understand the internet in the same way that my children will. You know, the internet for moms and generally like the mom sphere is so judgmental. And I'm sure parenting in general, but particularly for moms. >> I think that it also becomes a way of shaming other people. It sits alongside, you know, >> my god, as if we needed more of that. As if we needed more opportunities to make mothers feel bad about the way they're parenting. >> Exactly. It sits alongside, you know, why aren't you breastfeeding? Why didn't you have a natural birth? Now it's like, oh, your child uses an iPad. Oh, well, my child plays with jelly on the floor in a paddling pool, so mine is better than yours. Um, so I see it as more of a oneupmanship than anything else. It's I don't think it's going to have any real difference on once they go to school and they meet a child in the playground who has an iPad, it's going to be all undone anyway, so it doesn't really matter. >> So, is it not a route that you would choose to go down yourself? >> I don't think so. I don't see myself as having children who are, you know, like ballerina farmified and little aprons and know how to make bread but don't know, you know, what Coco Melon is. I just I don't have the time or the money to enforce that as I think a lot of normal people do. So, can I can I put the counter argument to you, which is obviously the Jonathan Height argument, the anxious generation. Lots of us have read the book. I've interviewed him on this show before. um that children are suffering from the amount of time they spend online and we do have data that suggests that poorer kids are spending about 30% more time online than wealthier kids. Are you suggesting that really actually there's no downside to the amount of time that kids are spending online and that parents, however wealthy they are, don't need to be monitoring this? >> No, I mean I don't I I don't have like a utopian libertarian attitude to this. I know that there are very dangerous dark things on the internet and I know that you know being addicted to the internet is is quite serious like I'm being facicious about it but it is not good to be on the internet 20 hours a day. I think that I would prefer um a more structured you know like a lot of the social media companies are bringing in checks and balances for younger users now and governments are trying to bring it in. So in the UK we have this discussion about this social media ban for under 16s. I think that those things, while not perfect, are preferable to individual parents using it as an expression of privilege because then it becomes a kind of like, as I said, like a oneupmanship. And I don't think it's about safety as much it is communicating something about yourself as a parent. Um, but I think it definitely needs to be regulated. I just don't think that this is the way to do it. So if you could wave a magic wand, you would like to see more regulation around this or more outside forces deciding this rather than leaving it up to individual parents or individual uh cohorts of parents classes or social strata of parents. Yeah, I think that it's placing the responsibility on the parents which parents have so much responsibility over raising their child in so many other ways that I don't think this should be solely their responsibility too. I think the tech companies and social medias have the social media companies should be doing a lot more here. um as should in individual governments like as I said I don't think that the under 16 ban is perfect because I don't have a lot of um faith in the UK government to enact any policies that are beneficial to young people but I think it's a step in the right direction in that it's more blanket rather than as I say like solely up to the parent and just another thing that a parent has to feel bad about if they can't fulfill that in the way that they want. >> Okay Roan Lanigan thank you very much for joining me. >> Thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @connietaoli8432 [3 likes]: Keeping your kids off screens is expensive it costs lots of parents care and attention which is expensive. Expensive not in a money way but in away perhaps parents can be triggered, overwhelmed and exhausted. Yes you can argue its a money related thing but I don’t think its always just about money.
  2. @yulia_kochubei [1 likes]: I am trying to keep my child off screen, but he started school this year, and almost all homework including reading is online, and on my request for alternative printed version, unfortunately there's no possibility to do that. It's sad schools have moved in that direction, so that children actually don't know what the textbooks are.
  3. @sillypotato9453 [1 likes]: I thought this would be hard before becoming a parent but now... Sorry. If your kid is in front of a screen at primary school age you are doing it out of convenience and that is on you. The number of free outside playgrounds, parks, libraries and small children events hosted there such as reading fairy Tales or a little young parents coffee morning. Moet of these within walking and cycling distance. Also accessible by public transport. Me and my partner both work, have hobbies (that we involve the kids in) and a dog to take care of. The excuses I hear other parents give are also the parents who watch TV as a hobby and are glued to their phone themselves when out with their kids. This is absolutely not a rich and privileged choice to make
  4. @nblahblahblah [1 likes]: dumbest video, ignoring the dangers of this technology.
  5. @pro100olga [1 likes]: I like how they mention parents judging other parents for letting kids using screens - and that's exactly what's happening in the comments 😅
  6. @user-ox1ig1ht6q [1 likes]: As the parents in Israel, all kindergartens have been closed now for 21 days, kids are at home, parents are working from home all day long in high-rise apartment buildings in a concrete jungle. What are we supposed to do? Even if you have got money, you can't send your child to a private school. They have to stay home. You can't be in a playground with them all day long. Of course, only super-rich can hire all day long tutors under these circumstances, so they keep  your children occupied without screens at your home.
  7. @martuszek [1 likes]: A 4-year-old not knowing how to turn on a tablet od the only healthy option.... I don't think she understands how healthy children and their brains develop :(
  8. @tlsmith4605: 1) Australia banned it until 16, and 60% of kids are still on their Social Media.
2) If someone is expressing it as a privelage and one-ups manship then that person is just an @$$ and maybe you should unfollow them in real life and on line.
3) Parents still need to be parents.  "...I don't want my kids to not know what cocomelon is..."  Why? Why in God's name do they need to know this stuff.  You don't realize it but you are giving into peer pressure when you say this sort of thing and frankly, I want my kid to be at the top of his class.  What sort of example are you setting for your child if you give into corporate designed peer pressure. My kid wears Polos to church from Walmart and he looks nice.  He gets 1hr of "free" screen time a day (see the rules below)  

For example, it's Sunday morning.  I am looking at the lockbox on my desk from friday morning with the list of things needed to be completed before screen time. Granted he hasn't done the chores, but he also hasn't watched television in almost 3 days.  All that said, my kid is eleven, and I am taking a more age-appropriate approach with screens, and that is teaching him how to control his consumption.  The fact is that as an adult, this will all be out of my control completely.  So I praise the begezas out of him, setting his timer, and enforce consequences for going over and explain to him why this process is important for him to learn.  My hope is that when he is in college, he will be able to do the same.
  9. @tlsmith4605: "Sign of affluence" Not affluent here.  I just lock up the remotes, the gamer controls, and my child doesn't get them until he does the following:
Completes his chores
Does extra Reading, Writing or Arithmetic work
Practices his sport
Gets at least 1hr of outdoor physical activity

Then, when I hand them over, I set a timer, and he sets his own timer. If he doesn't set his timer, he loses screen time the next day.

No technology in the bedroom, period. All internet/gaming activity must be completed where I can see it. So on a large screen in a common space.
No bad language. No short form content. No content is inappropriate for his age. No social media outside of approved YouTube channels (He is into baseball, so he watches lots of content on baseball)

He has a phone.  But there is no internet activity allowed on it or games that are connected.  On long trips, he can do 30 minutes of video content.
On Spotify - He is to set up the queue, I approve it, and he can listen. 

I have explained to him the heart of all of this. PLUS, I have explained to him that when I was a kid the FCC banned this sort of content from the time periods kids were usually on TV.  That doesn't happen anymore so I have to take on that role for him and protect him from things he is not yet ready for. I always explain that when he is older, I will teach him how to use these applications, and I am currently keeping a CHATGPT of training ideas. He can have Social Media when he is 16. Not 18 because I don't want to just send him to the wilds of the internet. 

you don't have to have money to enforce rules.
  10. @ChrisYoung-fh1mf: This is a strange take lol… I’m not affluent and my daughter gets zero screen time. I’m just attentive. It’s really not that difficult
  11. @angusdraffan6656: She got her expert from Temu
  12. @fredtrezm5793: Not really a worry. Wealthy people sometimes have the privilege of seeing what is coming: the digital river does run dry eventually, more and more of the same in a different way. I think I may have memorized the birthday of every celebrity that has ever lived. Everyone gets there eventually, like about color TV, and makes like a Norwegian—time for Taco Tuesday.
  13. @amanuelchorito: They realize it or not these ladies are shaming other parents who are protecting their children from screens, how on earth corporations and government care for me and my family better than me.
  14. @michalpitowsky: Limiting screens is not about actual wealth, its about a kind of "habitus" of the upper middle class. I find it really annoying, but all around me, including my spouse, parents are anti screens so I drag along. I can see that people overdue screens, like the resturant thing, we never allow that. But some people take it to the other extrem and it does seem like a class-status thing that they are simply unaware of. There is a diffrence between my kids, who watch tv a bit but we regulate it, and other kids who spend many many hours on the ipad. My kids talk better, vocabulary and otherwise. But I also see a diffrence between their reading, after I read to them a lot and gave them many books, and the reading of kids who's parents didnt (some of whom also didnt allow screens). Meaning; the books thing is a lot more influential then the screen time. Just playing in the mud like a new age hippie is not going to make your kids smart. When people stick to these no sceens rules at the expense of their own sanity and well being, it seems to me like a stupid arbitrary hill to die on.
  15. @biancaleon321: Yes, leaving tech companies to regulate themselves and waiting for governments to pass legislation is much better than parents having a say in how their children interact with technology. Especially if the reason the parents choose less screen time is due to status. What even is this argument?? As a mom welp doesn't give my child access to a tablet, it has nothing to do with "status". It's 100% about the wellbeing of my child. This lady gave zero insight and had nothing of substance or value to say.
  16. @shayishistory: I'm an American teacher like some of the commenters here, & I understand the status symbol angle. 1 example: my students are 1:1 with Chromebooks while CEO's of tech firms spend to send their students to private schools without these devices. Denmark is reversing course and getting rid of tech in schools now that the data is showing that students developed important schools like reading better without it. A 2nd example: some of the commenters say that parents should keep their kids off tech and learning through play instead. So true! I'm a blessed teacher with great hours for parenting, but many of my students' parents don't have the work schedules that allow the support and supervision that is needed to keep kids engaged in play and away from screens. People with the means can have others help when they're at work. Parents without means tend to depend on the older siblings. 3rd example: some commenters have younger children and are doing a wonderful job encouraging them to learn through all sorts of play, even play that doesn't cost a cent. I parent a 10 & 13 year old and teach middle school students. The pressures of screen use on tweens and teens and even parents change as kids get older. That is why Haidt recommends having an entire group or parents and adolescents stand together. It's very difficult to know the best thing to do when your child feels socially isolated and there isn't a guru to ask in your community and you're Googling and reading parenting recommendations. Someone with status may have other options someone on a strict budget does not.
  17. @sashogs: We never let our kids use screens while eating, it wasn’t easy and we had some interesting experiences at restaurants where my kids would misbehave and I would have to leave to calm them down, but we are all the better for it now, our daughters have proper conversations with us at dinner. I’ve had arguments with people about this, it’s just laziness to let your kids use screens while eating. Infact I put my phone away too and have conversations with them and stay in the moment. I want them to know they mater atleast to us!
  18. @pro100olga: Well, I also would like government to restrict technology for kids, but untill it does, I will try to do my best to restrict it myself. And yes, it is difficult, it requires time and energy (which is easier to get when you have money), but still, I think many parents give up even without trying.
  19. @user-ox1ig1ht6q: Parents are talking to each other in a restaurant? What is there to talk about? Parents are talking with other parents in a restaurant - that still makes sense, but just Mom and Dad talking to each other - about what? It's not really fun to go to a restaurant as one family only. It's much more fun for all to grab some food and watch together with kids the same big screen on a wall in your living room or in a cinema. Then you all can talk about what you are watching. Otherwise, there is not much to talk about really. Was it different before? Never. Not even in the 80s in my family or the families that I know. Watching the same screen together and talking about what we are watching was always much more fun. This is why all our breakfasts, lunches and dinners even in the 80s was always in front of a TV.
  20. @d.zyned2thrive584: Oh good grief. They can afford an IPad but not to monitor it. Seriously?

- 7 Signs Someone is Secretly Wealthy: Kind: captions Language: es-MX La mayoría de los millonarios y multimillonarios son completamente invisibles. Probablemente estén sentados junto a ti en Starbucks, y ni siquiera sabes que tienen siete, ocho o quizá hasta nueve cifras en el banco. En mi opinión, hay siete señales reveladoras que delatan si alguien es rico en secreto o no, así que si sabes qué buscar, podrás encontrarlos. Sinceramente creo que si logras adoptar algunos de sus hábitos, podría ser la clave para construir una verdadera riqueza por tu cuenta. La primera señal que vamos a ver es que la gente rica evita a toda costa hablar de las tres E. Ahora, estas tres E se refieren a ganar, a lo caro y al exceso. Por la primera E, que es ganar, nunca hablan del dinero que están ganando porque para ellos, si alguien siempre está hablando de dinero y de cuánto gana, demuestra que esa persona todavía está en la etapa de querer probar algo. Los verdaderamente ricos no tienen nada que probar porque en secreto ya saben que tienen el dinero y no hay necesidad de decírselo a nadie. La segunda E: no presumen su última compra cara. Mientras otros publican bolsas de diseñador o relojes de lujo en redes, los ricos en secreto callan sus adquisiciones. Porque si alguien habla constantemente de cuánto costó su carro, de lo caras que fueron sus vacaciones, es una clara señal de que estiraron su presupuesto para poder pagarlo y están tratando de maximizar cada dólar que gastaron obteniendo algo de fama en redes sociales o quizá contándoselo a sus amigos. Y la tercera E es que evitan vivir en exceso, al menos en cuanto a su imagen externa. La gente rica entiende que los verdaderos lujos en la vida son tener opciones, comodidad y libertad, y no tener las cosas más ostentosas. Si alguna vez te encuentras con una persona que habla de cuánto gana, cuál fue la compra más cara que ha hecho recientemente, o simplemente vive en exceso y lo presume, puedes apostar que esa persona probablemente no es rica. ¿Te crees mucho por tu Range Rover? Pues sí. Al menos yo tengo carro. ¿Tú siquiera tienes uno? Quédate aquí. ¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora? ¡¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora?! Eso pensé. Okay. Entonces, eso significa lo contrario. Los que son callados, son ricos en secreto, y creo que si puedes adoptar este tipo de actitud en tu vida, podría ayudarte a generar más riqueza. Porque la energía hipotética que gastarías en las apariencias, o en impresionar a otros, podría redirigirse a construir tu patrimonio neto real. La señal número dos de que alguien es rico en secreto: conduce un auto confiable, de cinco a más de diez años, ya pagado. No manejan autos ostentosos como BMW de alta gama, Porsches, Rolls-Royces o Lamborghinis. Eso es porque los ricos saben lo brutal de la depreciación, así que tirar quinientos a ochocientos dólares al mes en la mensualidad de un carro por algo que pierde valor cada día es un retorno de inversión muy negativo. Y si haces cuentas, podrías invertir de seis mil a nueve mil seiscientos dólares anuales en su lugar, y en diez años con rendimientos compuestos, eso bien podría valer más de cien mil. Además, un auto de cinco a más de diez años ya perdió la mayor parte de su valor por depreciación. Las curvas de depreciación de autos varían, pero se aplanan drásticamente tras cinco años. Esto significa que la mayor parte de la depreciación ya ha ocurrido, por lo que el valor se estabiliza. Si quieres ahorrar dinero en cuanto a carros, creo que tiene mucho sentido comprar un carro usado con unas treinta mil millas o quizá de tres a cinco años de uso. Ese suele ser el punto ideal entre valor y depreciación, pero si solo quieres ser una persona rica que pasa desapercibida, quizá optarías por algo más viejo. Pueden ver en esta gráfica que estos son los modelos de los carros, y el "aquí" que se indica en la gráfica es el punto de inflexión alrededor del año seis o siete, y es cuando la depreciación realmente se desacelera. Los ricos en secreto entienden que un auto es solo transporte. Prefieren ese dinero extra en inversión, evitando pagos de auto y destinándolo a activos que generen riqueza. En otras palabras, prefieren ser ricos que solo parecer ricos y al mismo tiempo deber un montón de dinero por un carro. La señal número tres de que alguien es rico en secreto es que el dinero que sí gastan lo invierten en cosas que la gente normal ni siquiera consideraría. gastan su dinero en cosas poco comunes, por ejemplo, para tener más tiempo, pueden tener un pasatiempo de coleccionables raros, o gastan dinero en pequeños lujos o comodidades de las que no te enterarías a menos que, por alguna razón, pudieras pasar veinticuatro/siete con ellos todos los días. Hablemos primero del tiempo. Una persona rica entiende que el único recurso finito en todo el mundo y en la vida es el tiempo. Por lo tanto, podrían comprar su tiempo de vuelta y están dispuestos a gastar una cantidad desproporcionada de dinero en las cosas que pueden devolverles ese tiempo. En viajes, podrían volar en privado, evitando seguridad, saliendo cuando quieran y saltándose el tedioso abordaje y desembarque. Para la comida, un chef privado les hace las compras y cocina saludable, ahorrándoles incontables horas semanales. Y las tareas del hogar, también las delegan. Para eso, seguro tienen mucha ayuda. Y en todos estos casos de ahorro de tiempo, realmente no tendrías idea de que alguien gasta dinero en estos servicios a menos que pudieras observar a esta persona por un período prolongado. La siguiente categoría de gasto en la que una persona rica podría derrochar, es en pasatiempos poco comunes o caros como coleccionar arte raro, vinos finos, recuerdos deportivos o quizá hasta tarjetas de Pokémon. En lugar de mostrar su riqueza como una persona normal, prefieren hacerlo con una apreciación por el lujo y artículos raros. Poseer algo que cientos de miles ya tienen no es lo suficientemente genial para ellos. Necesitan sentirse únicos; cuanto más raro el artículo, más codiciado. En mi opinión, es naturaleza humana. Cubiertas las necesidades básicas, los ricos ya no compiten con otros. Están tratando de diferenciarse por completo de todos los demás, y una de las formas en que lo hacen es coleccionando bienes raros o quizá comprando su tiempo de vuelta, que es su activo más... eh, valioso. Otra parte de la naturaleza humana es suscribirse a mi boletín gratuito llamado Hump Days. Ahí publicamos noticias de negocios dos veces por semana, los miércoles y domingos. Y si quieres ser rico en secreto algún día y disfrutas los videos de aquí, asegúrate de suscribirte. Es completamente gratis en la descripción de abajo. Perdón, tenía que meter el comercial sutilmente. Bueno, continuemos. La señal número cuatro de que alguien es rico en secreto, es que son conscientes de su imagen. Ya aludí un poco a esto en la primera señal, pero la gente rica entiende que, por lo general, la gente siente envidia de lo que no tiene. Incluso si tu mejor amigo está feliz por ti el noventa y nueve por ciento de las veces que tienes éxito, siempre habrá un pequeño pensamiento en su mente, quizá en el fondo, de "¿Cómo sería si mi vida fuera como la de ellos?" o "¿Por qué no pude ser yo?". Esa es la naturaleza humana. Así que, para no incomodar a nadie, evitan hablar de cualquier cosa que pueda llevar a alguien a entender, por deducción, cuánto dinero podrían tener o cuán exitosos son. Si le preguntas a una persona rica cuál es su patrimonio neto, es probable que diga alguna frase como: "Me ha ido bastante bien", o "Ahí la llevo", o quizá, "Ciertamente no soy la persona más rica que conozco". Nick, no puedes pagarlo. ¿Tu familia es realmente rica? Cómodamente. Eso es exactamente lo que diría una persona súper rica. Y de hecho, esta es una historia real que me pasó. Estaba comiendo con un individuo que vale más de nueve cifras, o sea, al menos cien millones de dólares de patrimonio neto. Y cuando hablaba de sus amigos en la comida, todos multimillonarios, soltó algo en la conversación muy casualmente. Fue algo como: "Soy pobre en comparación con todos mis amigos". Para mí, fue una locura escuchar eso porque me demostró que a medida que subes en la escalera de la riqueza, siempre habrá alguien más rico con quien compararte. Digo, eso es cierto para casi todos en el mundo a menos que seas Elon Musk, claro pero sigue siendo una locura pensar que alguien en el Top 400 de Forbes, por ejemplo, todavía podría compararse con personas que están más arriba en la lista. La comparación está tan arraigada en la naturaleza humana. Estaría dispuesto a apostar que hay al menos una persona en la lista del Top 400 de Forbes que piensa que no es lo suficientemente rica, aunque racionalmente, están perfectamente bien. La gente rica quiere ser cuidadosa con su imagen externa también por razones de seguridad. Si son constantemente ostentosos, o le dicen a la gente cuál es su patrimonio neto, solo están atrayendo atención negativa y resentimiento de otros, lo que podría comprometer su seguridad. La quinta señal de que una persona es rica en secreto es que hace preguntas detalladas sobre compras de menos de cien dólares, pero no pestañea ante gastos grandes y necesarios. Esto es bastante común. Podrías encontrar a una persona rica pasando de veinte a treinta minutos investigando la mejor batería portátil de veinte dólares en Amazon. Leen reseñas, se clavan viendo videos de YouTube, pero de repente, los verás soltar quince mil dólares en un techo nuevo sin pestañear. La diferencia es que la compra de la batería portátil es un gusto, mientras que el techo era una necesidad. Probablemente hay quince opciones diferentes de baterías portátiles que hacen lo mismo, así que la persona rica se toma su tiempo para encontrar el mejor valor por su dinero. El reemplazo del techo de quince mil dólares, por otro lado, es una necesidad, y especialmente si el reemplazo es urgente, simplemente gastarán el dinero para acelerar esa reparación. Personalmente, creo que esto es más un hábito arraigado de alguien que se hizo rico por su propio esfuerzo. Este pequeño hábito de no gastar de más en compras pequeñas a lo largo del año puede sumar un gran ahorro en el transcurso de trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Sin embargo, la gente rica entiende que los grandes gastos necesarios ocurrirán, y cuando esas cosas surgen, tienen que actuar rápida y decisivamente. La señal número seis de que alguien es rico en secreto: ha dominado la espera. Mientras los demás compran cosas al instante, la gente rica investigará una compra por meses, esperará la oferta perfecta o, a veces, decidirá que no necesita ese artículo. También entienden que la mayoría de las ofertas no son reales. Y si esperas lo suficiente, casi todo se pone en liquidación. Si te pones a pensar en lo que es una oferta, es literalmente un descuento inventado basado en un número inventado. ¿Y quién establece ese número? Generalmente es el proveedor o el vendedor de dicho artículo. Una persona rica en secreto podría ser muy frugal y orientada al valor, no le importará esperar, especialmente si eso significa obtener algo que realmente ama, en lugar de algo con lo que solo está conforme. Entonces, una buena lección aquí es que si estás pensando en una compra grande, esperes al menos de siete a treinta días, realmente tienes que hacer una pausa y preguntarte si de verdad seguirás queriendo ese artículo, digamos, dentro de un mes. Y quizá podrías pensar en artículos sustitutos que cumplan el mismo propósito y que no te cuesten un dineral. Esto es solo gratificación postergada, el concepto clave para volverte muy, muy rico más adelante en la vida. A veces, debes renunciar a lo que quieres ahora por una vida financiera más sólida y un mejor futuro. La mayoría no puede postergar la gratificación ni veinticuatro horas, mucho menos cinco o diez años, una disciplina clave para la riqueza. Los ricos en secreto son muy pacientes, esperan no solo ofertas, sino también otras cosas importantes en la vida. La señal número siete: viven en una casa modesta, muy por debajo de su capacidad de pago. Mientras la mayoría se estira con hipotecas apenas pagables, los ricos en secreto hacen lo opuesto. Viven en casas que parecen casi demasiado pequeñas o modestas para alguien con su nivel de ingresos, o simplemente son dueños de su casa y nunca te darían a entender que viven sin hipoteca. Si te compras una casa grande y lujosa que apenas puedes pagar, no solo tendrás más metros cuadrados que decorar, sino que probablemente necesitarás limpiadores, jardineros, y si tienes alberca, un alberquero. Y una vez que tienes una casa grande, no querrás una más pequeña. Tendrás la expectativa de mantener las apariencias para vecinos, amigos y familiares, lo que implica gastar más dinero para mantener tu estilo de vida. Hay muchos niveles de riqueza. Si el objetivo es vivir tu vida más plena, serás más feliz, en mi opinión, si simplemente te mantienes callado. Compartí este tuit en un video anterior, pero creo que resume muy bien los diferentes niveles de riqueza. Brandon Turner (Twitter/X) dice que hay tres niveles de riqueza. Nivel uno: cortas tu césped porque no tienes dinero. Nivel dos: pagas a alguien porque tienes algo de dinero y valoras tu tiempo. Nivel tres: cortas tu césped porque, ya retirado, tienes tanta libertad y tiempo que quieres hacerlo tú mismo, por puro placer. Esto es muy acertado, pues la persona en el nivel tres es probablemente la más rica, disfrutando su vida y cortando su césped por el simple gusto de hacerlo. ¡Gracias por ver el video! Suscríbanse a Hump Days si no lo han hecho. Si les interesa mi próximo video sobre cómo llegar al uno por ciento superior, tengo consejos geniales... ahí. Querrán verlo aquí. Los veo en ese video, o en otro. Gracias por acompañarme. Paz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JackAnthony-r4s [59 likes]: Unfortunately, not all of us were financially literate early in life. I was 45 when I finally took the time to educate myself and start making real changes. At that point, I was $97,000 in debt with zero savings or retirement. Fast forward just two years, I'm now completely debt-free with a net worth of over $3M.That may not sound like a huge number to some, but to me, it's something I'm incredibly proud of. I'm currently fast-tracking my wealth-building journey, already investing $550,000 and owing absolutely nothing to anyone.Since I joined this channel three year ago, my mindset and financial habits have transformed. It's a good feeling. May God continue to bless you.
  2. @deelehey2827 [1 likes]: Wine collections?   What a waste of money.  All alcohol is bad for your health.
  3. @AmaraExplainsMoney: Some people really know how to hide it!
  4. @robmirich3281: A rich guy with a roof replacement costing $15k? That is a deal I want and we are broke.

I would like the numbers this AI guy is talking about.
  5. @Brian-xu9di: I am worth about 17m, and am comfortable.  Not sure if it’s considered rich or not, as there are thousands of definitions.   I pretty much live a normal life, and at 65, still work a full time job.  I am starting to get sick of it, so may retire soon.  Money has just removed a lot of stress from my life, but really hasn’t changed my standard of living much.   My goal in life was to be happy, not rich.
  6. @Chris-kf3xd: Wealthy for me is not having to think about money all the time. House paid for cars paid for and if we want to travel we go where we want when we want.
  7. @spearfisherman308: The only designer things I buy, I buy them for my hobby not to use every day so my costa sunglasses I use for sight fishing and they are clearer than cheap sunglasses but your average person wanting to appear wealthy will just waste money on them to look cool.
  8. @alexandermathews3601: I AM a millionaire and I always tried to hide but people always find out
  9. @patriciayohn6136: Very good video!
  10. @CruelTurk: im not wealthy but i do all these things
  11. @AlfaRomeo2024: My wife and I were both lucky to have a good financial education early in life. I guess I took it for granted everyone did. Our jobs were not high status jobs so it’s always amusing when people talk down to us like we were broke when we are very well off. 😂. We just let them think that. There is nothing to be gained by letting people know you are wealthy other than ego.
  12. @chiefkev: True wealth isn't in things or trips or services.  It is the recognition and gratitude for those things of which we are sufficiently supplied, and healthy enough to enjoy life and share with love ones.  Gratitude for what we have already is key to true wealth.
  13. @gavinlim3143: Some people are wealthy enough to enjoy the better things in life. Why not buy a bmw or a cartier when it makes the person happy? I actually feel bad for super wealthy people but don't really spend to enjoy their hard work. We don't build wealth just to see more zeros in our bank account. We build wealth to give us better and happier lives.
  14. @LineaDea: Daddy, Janjan and Mommy.
  15. @gelaende: I like all my friends to be much richer than me. if I am the richest: who will they turn to when they have a financial problem? When I am the poorest: I have all my friends that I can ask for help.
  16. @bdk5259: i dont know about the car chapter. Most wealthy people are collectors or just car enthusiats so they do spend money on those vehicles
  17. @thedoor5442: They wouldn't be getting coffee at Starbux they would be at McDonalds!
  18. @Pidalin: I had a possibility to know family of the richest Czech person Petr Kellner (he died few years ago in a helicopter accident) and it's exactly as you say - all people around him using standard stuff, not fancy things, buying things in sales, wearing ordinary cloths, using ordinary cars, keeping their privacy properly, not showing what they have openly. You realize how rich they are after you visit some of their secret places where they have a giant pool under the house, but you don't see it from outside. 😀
On other hand, I knew many fake rich people who were buying overpriced nonsenses just to show you they can afford it. This lesson from Kellner's family gave me an important lesson about how rich people behave and what they show on public and what they keep private. You see their ordinary car, but you don't see that future president candidats are visiting them for a coffee. 😀
Their privacy security was that brutal that not even Google knows who his brothers are, their names etc...I know, but I never told anyone because I respect their privacy.
  19. @deelehey2827: I brag about how little I pay for items.  😁😂🤣😜
  20. @TomScott__: I cut my own grass. 😉

- How S'well Leveraged Starbucks To Become A Status Symbol: Kind: captions Language: en you've seen them in the gym in the park on yoga mats in homes in cars on office desks swell bottles are seemingly everywhere swell bottles are known for their triple wall insulation that is supposed to keep drinks cold for 24 hours or hot for 12 hours as great as their sleek design funky patterns and ability to retain heat maybe one bottle can cost from $35 to as much as $75 and you have to wash them by hand so how did a water bottle with a heavy price tag that isn't even dishwasher safe become a status symbol for everyone from office workers to fashionistas around the world and more importantly would you shell out $35 for a swell bottle it would have to like put me to sleep it would have to be my alarm clock be my girlfriend or something the woman behind swell is Sarah cows cows was working at Ernst & Young as a CPA when she landed on the idea for a luxury water bottle [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fashion accessory she said she cared deeply about the environmental impact of single-use plastic water bottles but was just too embarrassed to carry a reusable one with her to work because it looked like a camping accessory and had a carabiner on the top it had a bumper sticker on the side it didn't look like something that I would want to leave on the table she had a feeling other people felt the same way she was right in 2018 global sales for reusable water bottles topped eight billion dollars the water bottle went from a functional product to a status symbol says marketing and branding expert Chris Black it's honestly when the Prius came into the marketplace the Prius was the great equalizer because you didn't know if someone was just like a crunchy hippie who cared about the environment or if they were filthy rich and wanted to look like they cared about the environment I fully believe that reusable water bottles are today's status symbols but back in 2010 the years swell was launched the idea that people would fork over $35 for a reusable water bottle was far from a sure thing but cow's was convinced that there was an untapped market for premium reusable water bottles so she put up 30,000 dollars of her own money to take swell from an idea to a product her business school friends thought she was crazy but in my mind I thought if I would buy it as a consumer there must be more people that are like me houses when she settled on the shape in color she did what every aspiring entrepreneur does hit the road selling door-to-door the only problem she spent so much time perfecting her pitch she didn't have a plan to actually fulfill her orders I had my little backpack and I had my bottle and I had my catalogue that I had created myself I took the pictures and I did the layout and I went in and I did my whole pitch and and the gentleman his name is Kevin he said okay I'll take four of them and then I didn't know what to do cows said she learned a lot about running a business from those early clients first year sales were less than $100,000 and every cent went back into the business to say she was on to something is a bit of an understatement her first big break came in July of 2011 swell was offered to be featured by Oprah's o List the only problem she only had one color for sale and she said when you expand call me back and I hung up the phone and I thought this is the time that we make the switch from a product to a company and so I hung up the phone left my lunch walked straight out and walked to Barnes Noble and I bought a Pantone book color book and I myself picked out six new colors I called the factory and said I need to each of these six colors two years later a buyer from Starbucks cold called her with a proposition to put swell bottles in 140 stores as a trial run and what happened is the bottle sold really well there wasn't any marketing behind it there wasn't any signage it was just the bottle sitting on the shelf and they all sold during that trip she made a decision that would take swell from a niche product to a household name Howard Schultz was standing at the coffee bar by himself having a coffee in the middle of this opening and I said to my pirate there's there's your boss let's go talk to him and she said absolutely not she said I way too nervous to go talk to him and I just thought if I get on the plane tomorrow I'm always gonna regret that I didn't make a fool of myself and rush over to him and so I went over and I had a yellow bright yellow swell and I went up and I introduced myself to him and I said listen we're both running businesses you probably don't know but I'm one of your your vendors very small vendor and we could be doing a lot more together if you just gave me the opportunity Schulz agreed to make swell bottles the centerpiece of a Starbucks holiday campaign as long as she promised she could actually fulfill the orders I said yes I shook his hand and then I got on the plane and thought holy cow what are we gonna do now no launch into Starbucks sets well on a blazing path since then they've worked with retail giants like Saks Neiman Marcus Target Nordstrom and Bloomingdale's I think the smartest things swell did in terms of marketing is just identify their customer early and just hit him over the head with it I think that's how they got people to buy more than one which is the hardest thing to do in this category 20 million bottles have been sold in 65 countries and swal has been recognized as one of the fastest-growing female-led companies in the world swell reported revenue of one hundred million dollars in 2016 the last year those figures were made available cows still owns 100 percent of the company and hasn't taken any outside investment and she may never have to by 2017 bottled water edged out carbonated soft drinks and became the number one beverage in the US but with that growth came a flurry of negative news stories depicting how devastating single-use water bottles are for the environment the rise in awareness is creating a business opportunity for companies like swell and its competitors anything that comes to prominence this quickly makes this much money is based on trends but I think people truly care about the environment if they don't they should so this stuff will last it just will not be at this fever pitch that it is now but in the near future the reusable water bottle market shows no signs of slowing in fact it is expected to hit 10.19 billion by 2020 for cows wants to capitalize on that growth in 2016 swell introduced a more affordable line of water bottles called sip by swell in 2019 they introduced a line of food containers called swell eats and snack by swell the containers can carry price tags between $20 and $50 but hand-washing is still recommended which let's be honest is a little annoying it's gross it's insane that swell is not dishwasher safe that seems like something that I hope that's like a priority for them as a company to get it there because that makes it even more attractive really the question is will the cheaper bottles and new product offerings keeps well on its current trajectory you can get the trifecta of the of the perfect timing the right price point and finding that right customer then you're gonna you're gonna succeed and that's exactly what they've done when I hear that people are using swells as status symbols on their you know boardroom tables or at school or at yoga or wherever I really love that because it's not just that you're they're using a swell they're helping to support the mission and everything that swell stands for [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lastwave123 [1 likes]: "Hand washing is disgusting!!" Developed country problems. Here in India we wash all our dishes with hands. This is just a water bottle.
  2. @Autumn1988: I feel like Chilly is the UK sw’ell . We see the chilly a lot more
And it’s basically the same bottle
  3. @EduardoEnlai: 4 years later and here we are again with Stanley Cups
  4. @itouchfiendsdotcom: seems like this narrator was paid bt the competitor to diss this company.
  5. @CapnCody1622: You have to wash it by hand. And for those reasons I’m out.
  6. @Mike-kc8rl: I've never heard of swell ! Or Hydro flask ! Here in the UK we were  seeing Sigg but threw mine away as it's aluminium,  got a Klean kanteen  now these are the most common brand of quality bottles in UK although there are dozons of brands that look like swell water bottles like proworks, moon etc etc .
  7. @piespies10: I want to thank my former coworker for recommending S'well bottle. I have it for almost 3 yrs and so far it works perfectly for me. I have the 170z and coffee mug by Sip.
  8. @Suetvvlogs: so basically because of Oprah's arrogance, she missed out on a big opportunity to help this company grow, moral of Oprah's story, don't let your ego get in the way, and in the case of Sarah, she thought us not let fear stop you from going after success.
  9. @amandawelch9053: The grateful gratis bacon fourthly attract because diaphragm lilly add an a cluttered hammer. knowledgeable, tame knowledge
  10. @leanneearle3652: How is hand washing gross?? Grow up!
  11. @shubhampatel7277: In India, Milton was doing this from way before.
  12. @carolcosta6409: What's wrong with america (other than everything we know)? It's no big deal washing a water bottle by hand, like the rest of the world. A single water bottle that contains WATER, wow so hard to wash by hand. Watch out! Your hand is going  to fall of if you wash dishes in the sink. 🙄
  13. @calihiker7980: Never heard of this bottle or company. I use nalgene, primarily because they are designed for the outdoors. I’ve never been embarrassed to carry it.

If the company owner and their clients are so embarrassed to carry a regular reusable water bottle then they are posers, not people who care about the environment.
  14. @warshaahmed: Me sitting in Britain getting a bottle from primark and the exact design I wanted that looks like a swell bottle for £5: 👁 👄 👁
  15. @brucewayne2955: I don't even have a dishwasher. It's not that big of a deal my dude. Calm down. Just wash your dishes by hand like the rest of us plebs
  16. @azeeliaputri560: i wanna be reseller of this great product
  17. @Sambathgame: Why they complaining about swell can't wash by dish washer ?
  18. @billiebillie678: Such a phenomenal story!
  19. @domjobs18: I've never heard of this company ever 😳😂
  20. @pablowancho8329: "GROSS" Wow are you a fcking  billionaire or even a handsome man? Are you a fcking prince ? STFU! I'm fcking  richer than you but I don't act like you. By the way I'm more handsome compare to you.

- Warren Buffett's 2026 Warning: Nobody Told You This Truth: Kind: captions Language: en You have done everything exactly the way&nbsp; they told you to do it. You went to school.&nbsp;&nbsp; You studied hard. You got a respectable job.&nbsp; You show up on time. And you put a portion of&nbsp;&nbsp; your paycheck into a savings account at your&nbsp; local bank. You follow the rules of society&nbsp;&nbsp; to the letter. And yet every single year you feel&nbsp; like you are falling further and further behind.&nbsp;&nbsp; You look at the price of housing, the cost of&nbsp; groceries, the expense of raising a family,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the math simply does not make sense anymore.&nbsp; You are running as fast as you can on a treadmill&nbsp;&nbsp; that is constantly accelerating, and you are&nbsp; exhausted. I want you to stop and listen to me&nbsp;&nbsp; very carefully because what I am about to tell you&nbsp; is the single most important financial realization&nbsp;&nbsp; you will ever have. The reason you are struggling&nbsp; is not because you are not working hard enough.&nbsp;&nbsp; The reason you are struggling is because the rules&nbsp; you were taught were completely fabricated. They&nbsp;&nbsp; were not designed to make you wealthy. They were&nbsp; designed to keep you functioning as a compliant&nbsp;&nbsp; cog in an economic machine that is engineered to&nbsp; extract your wealth. Nobody told you the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; about money because the system relies on your&nbsp; ignorance to survive. The greatest illusion in&nbsp;&nbsp; the modern financial world is the concept&nbsp; of safety. From the time you are a child,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are conditioned to believe that holding&nbsp; cash in a bank account is the ultimate form of&nbsp;&nbsp; financial security. It feels safe. The numbers&nbsp; on the screen do not fluctuate wildly like the&nbsp;&nbsp; stock market. You have a government guarantee&nbsp; that your money will not disappear. But this is&nbsp;&nbsp; a devastating lie. Your money is disappearing. It&nbsp; is just disappearing invisibly. Every single day,&nbsp;&nbsp; your purchasing power is being silently siphoned&nbsp; away by a force that the government refers to as&nbsp;&nbsp; inflation. But inflation is not some unpredictable&nbsp; weather event or an accident of the economy. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is a deliberate structural feature of the fiat&nbsp; currency system. It is a hidden tax that is levied&nbsp;&nbsp; upon the middle class and the poor without their&nbsp; consent and without a vote. When a government has&nbsp;&nbsp; accumulated massive amounts of debt that it can&nbsp; never mathematically repay through taxes, it only&nbsp;&nbsp; has one option. It must print more currency to&nbsp; devalue the debt. In doing so, it devalues every&nbsp;&nbsp; single dollar you have worked so hard to save.&nbsp; I have often described inflation as a gigantic&nbsp;&nbsp; corporate tapeworm. That tapeworm consumes&nbsp; its requisite daily diet of investment dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless of the health of the host organism. It&nbsp; does not care how hard you work for your money.&nbsp;&nbsp; It does not care about your retirement plans and&nbsp; it does not care about your family. It simply eats&nbsp;&nbsp; away at your purchasing power relentlessly year&nbsp; after year, decade after decade. When you leave&nbsp;&nbsp; your money sitting in a bank account earning 1 or&nbsp; 2% interest while the true rate of inflation is&nbsp;&nbsp; closer to 5 or 7%. You are not preserving your&nbsp; wealth. You are guaranteeing its destruction.&nbsp;&nbsp; you are locked in a mathematical certainty of&nbsp; becoming poorer over time. The people at the&nbsp;&nbsp; top of the economic pyramid understand this&nbsp; perfectly. They know that cash is not a store&nbsp;&nbsp; of value. Cash is a melting ice cube. They do not&nbsp; hold their wealth in currency. They use currency&nbsp;&nbsp; as a temporary medium of exchange to acquire real&nbsp; productive assets. They buy farmland. They buy&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses. They buy real estate. They buy pieces&nbsp; of the global economy that will inherently adjust&nbsp;&nbsp; their prices upward as the value of the currency&nbsp; falls. If you do not understand this fundamental&nbsp;&nbsp; truth, you will spend your entire life trading&nbsp; your irreplaceable time for a currency that is&nbsp;&nbsp; designed to lose value. You will be playing a&nbsp; game where the referee is constantly changing&nbsp;&nbsp; the score against you. You must wake up to the&nbsp; reality that in this system, playing it safe is&nbsp;&nbsp; the most dangerous thing you can possibly do. The&nbsp; financial establishment does not want you to know&nbsp;&nbsp; this because as long as you keep your money&nbsp; in their institutions, they can lend it out,&nbsp;&nbsp; invest it, and generate massive returns for&nbsp; themselves, paying you pennies in exchange&nbsp;&nbsp; for the privilege of using your capital. They need&nbsp; you to remain asleep. This brings us to the second&nbsp;&nbsp; massive lie that you have been sold. The lie of&nbsp; complexity. If you turn on financial television&nbsp;&nbsp; or open a business magazine, you are immediately&nbsp; bombarded with an overwhelming amount of noise.&nbsp;&nbsp; You see flashing charts, frantic analysts, yelling&nbsp; about the next market crash, complex derivatives,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a language that seems designed to confuse&nbsp; you. This complexity is entirely intentional.&nbsp;&nbsp; The financial industry spends billions of dollars&nbsp; every year to create the illusion that investing&nbsp;&nbsp; is a dark art, a sophisticated science that&nbsp; can only be understood by people with high-end&nbsp;&nbsp; degrees wearing expensive suits. They want you&nbsp; to feel intimidated. They want you to look at&nbsp;&nbsp; the market and think, "I could never understand&nbsp; this. I need to pay a professional to do it for&nbsp;&nbsp; me." But the reality is that Wall Street does not&nbsp; get rich by generating superior returns for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wall Street gets rich by extracting fees from your&nbsp; capital. And the easiest way to extract fees is&nbsp;&nbsp; to convince you that you need to be constantly&nbsp; active. They want you buying, selling, trading,&nbsp;&nbsp; shifting allocations, and reacting to every single&nbsp; piece of breaking news. Because every time you&nbsp;&nbsp; move your money, a broker takes a cut. Activity&nbsp; is the lifeblood of the financial industry,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it is the absolute enemy of the individual&nbsp; investor. I have said many times that the stock&nbsp;&nbsp; market is simply a highly efficient device for&nbsp; transferring money from the impatient to the&nbsp;&nbsp; patient. You do not need to be a genius to build&nbsp; enormous wealth. You do not need to know how to&nbsp;&nbsp; read complex charts or predict macroeconomic&nbsp; trends. You simply need to understand the&nbsp;&nbsp; profound power of inactivity. In 2007, I made a&nbsp; public bet of $1 million against Protege Partners,&nbsp;&nbsp; a very sophisticated hedge fund management firm.&nbsp; I bet them that over a 10-year period, a sampler,&nbsp;&nbsp; unmanaged S&P 500 index fund would outperform&nbsp; their elite portfolio of highly actively managed&nbsp;&nbsp; hedge funds. These were some of the smartest&nbsp; people in finance, charging massive fees,&nbsp;&nbsp; utilizing complex trading algorithms and insider&nbsp; research. And what happened over those 10 years?&nbsp;&nbsp; The simple index fund completely obliterated them.&nbsp; It was not even close. The boring passive strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; generated a compounded return of over 8% annually&nbsp; while the sophisticated hedge funds struggled&nbsp;&nbsp; to break 2% after their exorbitant fees were&nbsp; deducted. The lesson there is profound and it is&nbsp;&nbsp; a lesson that Wall Street praise. You never learn.&nbsp; You do not need them. You can capture the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; growth of the American economy by simply buying&nbsp; a broad market index fund and doing absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing for 30 years. The hardest part of&nbsp; investing is not knowing what to buy. It is having&nbsp;&nbsp; the emotional discipline to sit on your hands when&nbsp; everyone else is panicking. When the market drops&nbsp;&nbsp; 20% and the news anchors are screaming that the&nbsp; sky is falling, your instinct will be to sell,&nbsp;&nbsp; to act, to do something to protect yourself.&nbsp; That is the moment the wealth transfer happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; The impatient investors sell their assets at&nbsp; a massive discount. And the patient investors,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones who understand that market crashes are&nbsp; simply clearance sales. Scoop up those assets and&nbsp;&nbsp; hold them for the inevitable recovery. If you want&nbsp; to be wealthy, you must ignore the noise. You must&nbsp;&nbsp; understand that the people urging you to trade&nbsp; frequently are not trying to make you rich. They&nbsp;&nbsp; are trying to pay for their own yachts using your&nbsp; commissions. True wealth is built through profound&nbsp;&nbsp; boredom. You buy a slice of productive businesses.&nbsp; You reinvest the dividends and you go back to&nbsp;&nbsp; living your life, letting the compounding machine&nbsp; work quietly in the background. This truth is so&nbsp;&nbsp; simple that most people reject it. They believe&nbsp; that massive wealth must require massive effort&nbsp;&nbsp; and complexity. But in finance, simplicity always&nbsp; wins. But the deception does not stop at Wall&nbsp;&nbsp; Street. The entire structure of modern society&nbsp; is built on a fundamental misunderstanding of&nbsp;&nbsp; what risk actually is. You have been conditioned&nbsp; to believe that investing in the stock market is&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-risisk gamble, a place where you can lose&nbsp; everything if things go wrong. Meanwhile, you are&nbsp;&nbsp; told that leaving your money in a savings account&nbsp; or taking on massive debt to buy a new car or a&nbsp;&nbsp; bigger house is the safe and normal path. This is&nbsp; a complete inversion of reality. Let me explain&nbsp;&nbsp; what true risk is. True risk is tying your entire&nbsp; financial survival to a single source of income,&nbsp;&nbsp; your job. True risk is taking on consumer debt at&nbsp; 18% interest to buy clothing and electronics that&nbsp;&nbsp; will be worthless in 3 years. True risk is holding&nbsp; 100% of your wealth in a fiat currency that is&nbsp;&nbsp; mathematically engineered to lose its purchasing&nbsp; power every single day. When you buy a broad index&nbsp;&nbsp; fund, you are buying a fractional ownership&nbsp; stake in the 500 most powerful and profitable&nbsp;&nbsp; companies in the United States. You are betting&nbsp; on human ingenuity, technological progress, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the fundamental drive of businesses to generate&nbsp; profit. Yes, the market will experience violent&nbsp;&nbsp; drops. It will crash 20, 30, or even 40% during&nbsp; economic panics, but over a 20-year timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; the risk of those companies collectively failing&nbsp; to generate value is incredibly close to zero. The&nbsp;&nbsp; real danger is not volatility. The real danger&nbsp; is inflation. Yet millions of people willingly&nbsp;&nbsp; accept the guaranteed loss of purchasing power in&nbsp; their bank accounts because they are terrified of&nbsp;&nbsp; the temporary volatility in the market. This is&nbsp; the third great lie, the lie of status. Society&nbsp;&nbsp; has convinced you that wealth is something you&nbsp; can see. We look at the man driving the brand new&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury car, wearing a designer watch, and living&nbsp; in a massive house, and we assume he is wealthy.&nbsp;&nbsp; We strive to emulate him. We take out loans and&nbsp; leverage our future labor just to acquire the&nbsp;&nbsp; visual markers of success. But what nobody tells&nbsp; you is that true wealth is invisible. True wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; is the money that was not spent on the luxury&nbsp; car. True wealth is the portfolio of assets&nbsp;&nbsp; quietly compounding in the background, generating&nbsp; passive income that gives you the freedom to&nbsp;&nbsp; choose how you spend your time. The man driving&nbsp; the expensive car is often highly leveraged,&nbsp;&nbsp; drowning in monthly payments, and terrified of&nbsp; losing his job because he is living paycheck to&nbsp;&nbsp; paycheck at a higher income level. He is a slave&nbsp; to his lifestyle. Meanwhile, the true millionaire&nbsp;&nbsp; is often the person driving a 10-year-old Honda,&nbsp; living in a modest neighborhood and quietly buying&nbsp;&nbsp; assets every time the market dips. I have lived in&nbsp; the exact same house since 1958. I bought it for&nbsp;&nbsp; $31,500. I do not need a $50 million mansion to&nbsp; prove my worth to anyone. When you break free from&nbsp;&nbsp; the psychological need to impress people you do&nbsp; not even like with money you do not even have, you&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly unlock a massive amount of capital that&nbsp; you can deploy toward buying your actual freedom.&nbsp;&nbsp; You must stop viewing money as a mechanism to buy&nbsp; things and start viewing it as raw material to&nbsp;&nbsp; build your financial fortress. Every time you buy&nbsp; a depreciating asset, you are voluntarily putting&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself further back in the race. You are trading&nbsp; your future freedom for temporary validation. The&nbsp;&nbsp; system is designed to trigger your insecurities&nbsp; and make you feel like you are never enough unless&nbsp;&nbsp; you are constantly upgrading your lifestyle. You&nbsp; must reject this programming entirely. You must&nbsp;&nbsp; become comfortable looking perfectly average&nbsp; to the outside world while you are secretly&nbsp;&nbsp; building an empire. You must also understand the&nbsp; concept of productive assets versus non-productive&nbsp;&nbsp; assets. A non-productive asset is something that&nbsp; requires the next person to pay more for it than&nbsp;&nbsp; you did in order for you to make money. This is&nbsp; the world of gold, art, or cryptocurrency. These&nbsp;&nbsp; things do not produce anything. They just sit&nbsp; there hoping for a greater fool to come along.&nbsp;&nbsp; A productive asset on the other hand is something&nbsp; that delivers a dividend, a crop or a product&nbsp;&nbsp; to the world regardless of what the currency is&nbsp; doing. If you own a farm, it will grow corn every&nbsp;&nbsp; year. If you own a factory, it will produce goods&nbsp; every year. This is the core of my philosophy. I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to own the productive power of the world&nbsp; because that is the only true defense against&nbsp;&nbsp; the madness of governments and their printing&nbsp; presses. We are standing at a critical juncture&nbsp;&nbsp; in economic history. As we move deeper into&nbsp; 2026 and beyond, the consequences of decades of&nbsp;&nbsp; reckless government borrowing and money printing&nbsp; are coming to a head. The national debt is at&nbsp;&nbsp; levels that were once considered mathematically&nbsp; impossible. Global supply chains are fracturing&nbsp;&nbsp; and the cost of basic necessities is continuing to&nbsp; climb. The rules of the game are changing rapidly.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you rely on the outdated advice of the&nbsp; past, you will be wiped out. You can no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; rely on a corporate pension to save you. You can&nbsp; no longer trust that the government will provide&nbsp;&nbsp; a comfortable safety net for your retirement.&nbsp; The system is buckling under its own weight and&nbsp;&nbsp; nobody is coming to save you. But this is not&nbsp; a reason to panic. This is a reason to prepare.&nbsp;&nbsp; The greatest wealth transfers in human history&nbsp; always happen during periods of economic&nbsp;&nbsp; disruption. While the masses are distracted&nbsp; by political theater and temporary crises,&nbsp;&nbsp; the financially educated are quietly positioning&nbsp; themselves to benefit from the chaos. Your&nbsp;&nbsp; objective right now must be absolute financial&nbsp; sovereignty. You must opt out of the consumer&nbsp;&nbsp; matrix that demands you spend every dollar you&nbsp; earn. You must brutally cut your expenses and&nbsp;&nbsp; maximize your cash flow. not to hoard it in a&nbsp; dying currency, but to deploy it aggressively&nbsp;&nbsp; into productive assets. You need to own pieces of&nbsp; businesses that produce real goods and services,&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses that have pricing power, and can pass&nbsp; the cost of inflation on to the consumer. When a&nbsp;&nbsp; company produces something that people desperately&nbsp; need, whether it is food, energy, or essential&nbsp;&nbsp; technology, the value of that company will rise&nbsp; to match the devaluation of the currency. By&nbsp;&nbsp; owning those assets, you insulate yourself from&nbsp; the destruction of paper money. You must also&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminate every single piece of highinterest&nbsp; consumer debt you hold. In a high inflation&nbsp;&nbsp; environment, carrying a credit card balance at 20%&nbsp; interest is financial suicide. Pay it off. cut up&nbsp;&nbsp; the cards and refuse to borrow money for anything&nbsp; that does not directly put money back into your&nbsp;&nbsp; pocket. Let the middle class play the status game&nbsp; with borrowed money. You are playing a different&nbsp;&nbsp; game entirely. You are playing the game of legacy.&nbsp; The truth that nobody told you is that wealth is&nbsp;&nbsp; not a matter of luck or inheritance or genius&nbsp; level intellect. It is a matter of behavioral&nbsp;&nbsp; discipline applied over a long period of time. It&nbsp; is the result of making the hard choices that 99%&nbsp;&nbsp; of people are unwilling to make. It is the courage&nbsp; to look foolish in the short term so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can be unshakable in the long term. You have been&nbsp; lied to. But ignorance is only an excuse until you&nbsp;&nbsp; discover the truth. You now know the rules of the&nbsp; real game. You understand that inflation is a tax,&nbsp;&nbsp; that Wall Street is a casino designed to drain&nbsp; your capital, that status symbols are a trap, and&nbsp;&nbsp; that productive assets are your only true defense.&nbsp; The only question left is what you are going to do&nbsp;&nbsp; with this knowledge. Will you go back to sleep,&nbsp; return to the treadmill and hope that somehow the&nbsp;&nbsp; system takes pity on you? Or will you wake up,&nbsp; take absolute control of your financial destiny&nbsp;&nbsp; and build a fortress that no economic crisis can&nbsp; destroy. But to actually execute this plan, you&nbsp;&nbsp; must undergo a profound psychological reset. The&nbsp; hardest part of breaking free from the financial&nbsp;&nbsp; matrix is not understanding the math. The math is&nbsp; incredibly simple. The hardest part is surviving&nbsp;&nbsp; the social and emotional isolation that comes&nbsp; with doing things differently than everyone else.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you stop buying things you do not need, when&nbsp; you stop reacting to the panic in the news cycle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when you start funneling all of your capital&nbsp; into boring, productive assets, you will become&nbsp;&nbsp; an alien to the people around you. Your friends&nbsp; and family will not understand why you are not&nbsp;&nbsp; celebrating every raise with a new car purchase.&nbsp; They will tell you that the stock market is a&nbsp;&nbsp; scam, that investing is only for billionaires,&nbsp; and that you should just enjoy your life while&nbsp;&nbsp; you are young. You must prepare yourself for&nbsp; this friction. Because if you seek financial&nbsp;&nbsp; validation from people who are drowning in debt,&nbsp; you will end up drowning right alongside them.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to curate your environment ruthlessly.&nbsp; Stop consuming financial news that is designed to&nbsp;&nbsp; trigger your anxiety and keep your eyes glued&nbsp; to the screen. The media complex profits from&nbsp;&nbsp; your fear just as Wall Street profits from your&nbsp; activity. They want you paralyzed by the threat&nbsp;&nbsp; of the next recession, the next political crisis,&nbsp; or the next global catastrophe. But if you study&nbsp;&nbsp; the history of the markets, you will see that&nbsp; incredible businesses have survived world wars,&nbsp;&nbsp; great depressions, hyperinflation, and global&nbsp; pandemics. The compounding machine does not stop&nbsp;&nbsp; because the news cycle is negative. In fact, it&nbsp; often accelerates because assets go on sale. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; not let the noise of the world distract you from&nbsp; the quiet accumulation of capital. The legacy you&nbsp;&nbsp; are building is too important to be derailed by&nbsp; the opinions of people who do not understand the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules of the game. The truth about money is that&nbsp; it is the ultimate tool for reclaiming your time,&nbsp;&nbsp; your dignity, and your sovereignty. Every dollar&nbsp; you invest as a soldier you are sending onto the&nbsp;&nbsp; battlefield to fight for your future. Build your&nbsp; army, protect your fortress, and refuse to be a&nbsp;&nbsp; victim of a system that relies on your compliance.&nbsp; The hour is getting late. The rules are shifting&nbsp;&nbsp; and the opportunity to break free is right in&nbsp; front of you. Now, it is up to you to act on the&nbsp;&nbsp; truth because the truth is the only thing that can&nbsp; set you free from the financial prison they have&nbsp;&nbsp; built for you. Decide today who you want to be,&nbsp; the victim of the machine or the architect of your&nbsp;&nbsp; own freedom. The future of your family depends&nbsp; on the courage you show right now. Do not fail

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReginaA.Stemple [15 likes]: The most important thing everyone should be thinking about right now is how to invest in alternative income sources that aren't dependent on the government, especially given the current global economic crisis 🌍. Now is a good time to invest in various asset classes like gold, silver, and cryptocurrencies. Many thanks to Brian for his coaching! ✊

- Welcome to Gen-Z's Show-Off Culture!: Kind: captions Language: en-IN Last month, a video of a mother and her son went viral from Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh. The mother sells flowers outside the temple and the son is demanding an iPhone. "He didn't eat for three days." Finally, the sad mother agrees and somehow manages to get the money to buy an iPhone. You can see what the mother thinks about this from her face. And he is not the only boy in our country who is desperate for an iPhone. "Look at this. Not the face, but the hand." "It's worth 1 lakh." "You've to give money from both Paytm and ATM to buy this." "To compete with your Android camera, our Apple iPhone 6 is enough." "I am the best." Last year, 90 lakh iPhones were sold in our country. And 60% of the sales came from tier 2 and tier 3 cities. This is a clear sign that iPhones are such a big status symbol in our country. But I didn't understand this until I talked to 13 people who recently bought an iPhone. And man, what they told me, it was quite shocking. "I got a lot of attention from girls." "They started sending me DMs." "And as an introvert, to be like, to participate with someone or to go and talk to someone... if you have an iPhone, it gives you self-confidence." "I feel like, you know, approaching cool people is easier." Now, there's no problem in spending money to make yourself happy. You can spend your money however you want. But the problem comes when your expenses exceeds your income. And this show off culture is not just about iPhones. Whether it's coldplay tickets, travel destinations, or sneakers. But there's one thing that depicts this show-off culture perfectly. And that is the iPhone. And the best way to understand this show off culture is to ask the people who recently bought an iPhone. Now, there's no problem in buying the latest iPhone or sneakers. Sometimes, it's okay to indulge. But imagine, you invest 4 months in yourself. This means you don't have to depend on a credit card to fulfil your needs. You can fulfil your aspirations with your skills. So, invest your time in an industry that is in demand today. Digital marketing. In 2024, digital marketing is one of the most sought-after skills in the private sector. And MICA's digital marketing program with UpGrad as a technology partner can make you industry-ready in digital marketing in 4 months. And if you're already interested in social media and digital marketing, then it's even better. This program has had 80-plus batches with more than 15,000 learners. Many of these learners work for top companies like Amazon, Google, and Zomato. Here, you'll learn from MICA's expert faculty like Falguni and Siddharth, as well as from Apple, Meta, Uber, and Unilever's senior marketing leaders. This program is not just theory-based. You'll have to run ads for Google and Meta with real money. And the pricing is also very reasonable. Rs. 6,458 per month for a 12-month no-cost EMI. So, if you want to use a no-cost EMI, do it here. So, invest in yourself. The link is in the description. And if you enroll with this link, you'll get a Rs. 5,000 scholarship. Now, let's get back to the video. "Camera plus status symbol is the main reason for buying it." "Till 12th, I didn't have a phone of my own." "But in college, I have seen, oh my god, in events and maybe in parties also, I have seen that the best phone is used to capture the moment." "So, the person who has that phone, oh my god, that person is the king there." She's a 21-year-old student in Delhi. But she's not alone. Many people talked to us as if iPhone is not just a phone, it's a magical thing that can change their lives. Overall, I talked to three types of people. First, those who say, let's try the iPhone. I've been using Android for years. Now, my phone has become useless. So, I have to buy a new phone. Let's check out iPhone. "So, before this, I have used about 2-3 Androids." "I've never used an iOS." "Now, at this time, I'm using it." "It's a smooth phone to operate." "Display is phenomenal." "The cameras work really well." "And I keep uploading a lot of stuff online." For example, Ajinkya is a reporter for Business Standard. And Ajinkya says, life is going well. Money is not a problem. I want a new phone. So, I'll buy an iPhone. Other types of people say, I bought an iPhone for functionality. Like for Apple's ecosystem. For example, Prajwal's first Apple purchase was not an iPhone. It was a laptop. So, he thought, I've used a laptop. Now, let's try a phone. "Currently, I have an iPhone." "My first Apple product was a Macbook." "With the Macbook, I had an android." "But with the iPhone, it was easy to add to the ecosystem." "I have a Macbook, Apple Watch, "I have Homepod, AirPods." "I'm using Apple Music." "So, everything is in ecosystem." But the most popular functionality is photos. People think they'll look superb after taking a photo from the iPhone. "Of course because of its camera." "I'm a girl. I love to click selfies." "I like to click pictures of myself." "Everyone was recommending me since I was a newlywed." "They said you have memories to capture." "Moments to share." "So, you should buy Apple." "There are a lot of moments." "What to do with a normal phone." So, after taking a photo of the iPhone, either you'll look good, or your memories will look good. But is it true that iPhone photos are better? If I had asked this question 10 years ago, the answer would've been yes. But now, there's no objective truth about it. Like MKBHD, one of the most popular tech YouTubers, conducts a blind smartphone camera test every year. He asks his subscribers to vote for the best photo. But he doesn't tell which photo is taken by which camera. And many times, iPhone photos are not the best voted photos. Actually, in the last few years, many Android phones, especially Google Pixel phones, have come to the top. So, objectively speaking, we don't have any solid data to prove that iPhone photos are the best. So, how did this perception come about? It's possible that many people are upgrading from lower-end budget Android devices to iPhones. So, obviously, if you upgrade from a Rs 15,000 phone to an Rs 80,000 phone, the camera quality will improve. But it doesn't matter whether iPhone takes good photos or not. Because it's a matter of perception. One reason behind it could be the shot-on-iPhone campaign. And this perception has reached a point where people think that if they want to become a content creator, they'll have to buy an iPhone. Like Aditya, from a small city in Madhya Pradesh. He's a government job aspirant who has taken many exams for a job in the central government and for the state government in Madhya Pradesh. But he couldn't clear his exams. So, he decided to pursue his passion of content creation. "Recently, I've been failing in multiple exams." "So, now I've decided to go back and start content creation again." And if you want to enter the world of content, an iPhone is a must. Initially, I just needed a phone with a good camera. Go to YouTube and see all the camera comparisons. In all of them, iPhone comes at the very top. So, just imagine how strong Apple's marketing is that people think that if they want to become a content creator, they'll have to use an iPhone. Do you think that Bhuvan Bam made such videos with an iPhone? But when we take photos and videos, the special thing about them is that they're usually a social activity. There are people around you. And the magic of an iPhone doesn't start after you take a photo. It starts before you take a photo. When people select who will take the photo. "iPhone does provide a little social validation." "If you buy a flagship phone worth Rs. 1 lakh, it won't be recognized by the public." "But if you're using an iPhone, let's say, of Rs. 40,000, that logo brings you the social validation." And the craziest thing is that it's not just Aditya who told us this. Many people told us that after buying an iPhone, people around them are treating them differently. "When I go out, even on birthdays, people will say use her phone. It has better camera quality." "So, you do get better treatment." So you see, people are given more importance just because of a phone. Some people say it's easier to make friends. "One of the reasons for photos, because the quality photos that iPhone gave, I don't think any other phone that gives such quality photos." "So because of the photos, my friends used to be close to me." "So they can click photos on my phone." "I think in my phone, I have less photos of mine than my friends." Honestly, I had no idea that iPhone has such a deep impact on people's psyche. Maybe because I'm ignorant. But it's crazy that people's social connections are being impacted by a phone. And why is this happening? Because of social status. "All the cool kids at college all had iPhones." "And as an introvert, to participate a little, to go and talk to someone, "Approaching cool people is easier." Norwegian economist Mari Rege said that people take so much tension about their social status because it's a way to send a signal to other people. If you want to know someone, you either have to talk to them, which can take a lot of time. But there's a shortcut to get to know them quickly. See how they're dressed, how they're talking, how they're walking, what brand of shoes they're wearing. And after knowing all this, without talking to them, you'll get a signal about their social status. And the same thing is happening with the iPhone. For example, Himanshu says that his friends bought an iPhone so that they can show the logo to others. "A lot of my friends bought iPhones out of peer pressure." "They wanted the iPhone just for its logo." "In the recent years we saw a huge rise in mirror selfies flaunting the iPhone logo." And the crazy thing is that people become more attractive and interesting after buying an iPhone. "The fact that iPhone users are effortlessly attractive in the class." "I don't know why." "I think it's some psychology or something but iPhone users are somehow attractive." There's a psychological reason behind this, and it's called the Halo Effect. Because the iPhone is a premium product, we perceive iPhone users with high wealth, style, and success. Because of all these things, the boy or girl appears more attractive. And the Halo Effect says that we consider those who are more attractive to be intelligent. Because their physical attractiveness dominates every aspect of their personality. In fact, many research studies have shown that more attractive people are paid higher salaries because we consider them to be smarter. So, the iPhone is a shortcut for many people to increase their social status. A study from 2021 showed that people become 76% more attractive on dating apps after buying an iPhone and Apple Watch. And in fact, a person told us that he started getting more female attention after buying an iPhone. "I started getting attention from girls." "I started getting DMs." "I felt an aura when I went for tution with iPhone." Social status has been important for humans for centuries. Even in the Indus Valley civilizations, people with higher social status wore different types of jewelry. But today, we live in a social media era, where social status is communicated through photos and videos. So the quality of your photos and the phone in your hand matter a lot. "Our generation is obsessed with cameras because of social media." "I don't use social media." "I only use What's App because of college purposes." "One day, a friend said, 'Why are you using an iPhone'?" "Even if you click good pictures, you won't be posting them anywhere." "So I was thinking that the iPhone is equal to social media." "You take good photos and post them on social media." Interestingly, those who buy an iPhone feel that they want to buy an iPhone. Their inner self tells them that they want an iPhone. But this is not true. Our desires are not ours. Society influences our desires. "All my friends around me are roaming around with Apple." "They're air-dropping. And I'm roaming around with a Samsung." In fact, two days ago, I read this fascinating book on this topic. Let me tell you what's written in it. Rene Girard, a French philosopher, said that our desires are not actually ours. We look at other people and learn what our desires should be. The human brain is wired to copy each other. This is called memetic desire. "People have made it a luxury product." "If you go to a family function and people want to click picture, they'll prefer an iPhone." Many people saw that other people had an iPhone. So they thought, I need an iPhone too. This is the concept of memetic desire. We copy our desires from other people. These people are called models. These models can be anyone. Your friend or a celebrity. For example, people told Monica that the iPhone clicks better photos. So she thought that she should buy an iPhone. But when we look at the desires of models in our lives, those desires become more attractive to us. So if tomorrow, Virat Kohli is wearing a fitness watch, we feel that we have the same desire. I want to buy a fitness watch too. Rene Girard says that this thing is so powerful, it's like gravity. These memetic desires are constantly working on us, but we don't even realize it. This force is so strong, that we can see it in newborn babies. A baby's model is its mother. And the mother's desires, become the baby's desires too. While the baby can't even speak. So imagine what's happening with adults. Steve Jobs created this memetic desire for the iPhone. And Indian companies are fulfilling these desires through EMI, loan apps, and discount sales. After a few months, every year you'll get a big billion day, or a prime day, where big sales are happening. You're told that you can get a phone worth Rs.1 lakh for just Rs.70,000. This makes the iPhone more attractive. Now a phone worth Rs.70,000 will be out of your budget. But since it's available at a discount, why not buy it? And because of EMI, when you go to Amazon, you don't see a price tag of Rs.80,000. Instead, you're shown that you can get an iPhone by paying 13,000 within 6 months. It'll take months to save Rs.80,000. But with Rs.13,000, I can get an iPhone right now. Not today, but in 10 minutes. You won't get instant gratification like this anywhere else. So you go for the EMI, and buy the phone. In apps like Simpl, it's easy to get credit with one-click credit. But remember, nothing is free. No-cost EMIs have a processing fee and 18% GST. In fact, 70% iPhones in India are purchased on EMIs. And these are mostly people who are 15-20 years old. On average, this age group earns Rs.33,000 per month in India. And these people are buying a phone worth Rs.13,000. Now there's nothing wrong with using credit card of EMI. The problem comes when your expenses exceed your income. And for what? Because of memetic desires. "I borrowed some money from my brother." "And I also got some help from my friends." "Of course, because I was going to buy a phone outside of my budget." "I had a budget of Rs.50,000-55,000 to buy a phone." "But I didn't get satisfaction from it." The strange thing about status symbols is that they only work when there's exclusivity. But now there's no exclusivity because of EMI. Everyone has an iPhone. That's why there's a new status symbol. Whether you bought an iPhone on cash or EMI. Because EMI people are ordinary. Whereas other people believe that iPhones are no longer exclusive. "Now that I'm in the corporate world, I think the brand image is a little down." "Because everyone has an iPhone." "So I think the exclusivity of iPhones has also decreased a little." Ajinkya also believes the same. "I think with more iPhones around me, that sort of status symbol as it was 10 years ago when it was a wow factor." "I don't see that any longer." "If I would've seen an iPhone with somebody when I was 16, I would feel, wow, this is something phenomenal." I honestly feel that Gen Z is under a lot of pressure. They're battered down by awareness and pressure. When I was growing up, I only wanted to compete with the toppers. But now, Gen Z has to compete with everyone on social media. And if people's self-worth is connected to mirror selfies, then it will be difficult for them. "I think the 24-years-old have, if I were to reverse the word of conformity, peer pressure." "To look the best on social media." "To make sure they dress the best." "To make sure they have the best number of posts." "To make sure they have the most number of likes." "You'd say social pressure." "Social pressure...that's probably a better word for it." "But I think to avoid it to a significant extent is very critical." So how can you break the cycle of this mimetic desire? The first way is to reduce your social media consumption. Which I did. For example, I deleted Instagram from my phone. I only use it on my laptop. And the UI on the laptop is so bad that you won't be able to spend more than 5 minutes. That's why I haven't posted a single story or post in months. Because I realized that many of my desires are being shaped by Instagram. And I'm using Instagram just for validation. I remember that many years ago, when I got rejected by Harvard, to improve my mood, I posted this post. So that I could get some likes and increase my social validation. But this is such a hollow way of living. That's why I deleted Instagram. The second way is to question yourself. Is what you're going to buy actually your desire or not? In his book, Burgess talks about two desires. Thick and thin. Thick desires are deep and meaningful desires. They give purpose to our lives. For example, if someone wants to buy an iPhone 16, because they have a passion for advanced photography, then that's a thick desire. Because this desire is connected to personal growth, and not social validation. Whereas, a thin desire is when you want to buy a phone for mirror selfies. Now again, there's no problem in spending money on thin desire. I buy a lot of clothes, I spend money on sunglasses, I buy shoes, I buy a phone. The problem comes when that desire is thin, but you're treating it like a thick desire. So you're spending Rs 80,000 when your salary is Rs 30,000.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohak_mangal [954 likes]: Join MICA’s Digital Marketing Program with upGrad as the tech partner. Unlock a ₹5000 scholarship when you enroll through this link: https://bit.ly/3YhEdXA
  2. @Princegamer045 [1 likes]: Honestly Iphone is a flagship phone and it has definitely the best specs but at this point of time there are several phones like vivo Xiaomi Samsung who outperform apple in every way. Just for videography only Iphone is still better than any other but it's not like that iphone is the best. you have xiaomi in 1.2L and vivo around 1L even pixel on 90K-1L so why waste money on Iphone unless you can afford the ecosystem. Social media and EMI is eating the society from inside. I have seen many people don't even have proper shelter to stay but flex iphone taken on EMI. It's not only about Iphone even Royal Enfield bikes or KTM or outfit stuffs like that are frequently bought by people who's parents sacrifice everything even food for their child's need. It's a serious problem these days.
  3. @shivamkumarsingh9206 [1 likes]: Jobs learned simplicity in india,and indian learning Show off from his product. 👏👏👏👏
  4. @harshithgurram4320 [1 likes]: Invest in apple shares 😂 rather investing in iphone😂
  5. @eastranjali: Me desh se bahar hu 8 year se pr mane i phone nhi liya kyu k hr kisi k pas hai mane  ultra 26 liya ta k koi mujhe je na bole k me show off kr rahi hu desh ka nash ho chuka hai 😑 mere bhai b ede hi hai sab k pass i phone hai bakbas phone hai i phone
  6. @Einsteinhere: khud ke paiso se iphone lene ka ghamand hai
  7. @paridhi__49: I also used to think that I phone is famous for its camera but when I compared bro the realmpro Max is 10x times better than iphone camera I don't know why  people are so much obsessed with iphone
  8. @RahulDas-sb2gh: 😊😊😮😮😮😊😮😊😊😊
  9. @Buffchronicles: 0:42 caught me off guard 🤣
  10. @AvraneelGhosh: Photographer here,
People who buy iPhone only for it's camera are blind to what Android is capable of
Camera hardware wise, Xiaomi, Huawei and Vivo lead
And software, ai and processing wise it's Samsung
I have taken photos on most famous phones, and overall the colours are a bit washed out in iPhones
The best is in Vivo, as of now, with True-to-Life colours and amazing depth perception, it genuinely feels good to use
iPhones do not even have Pro mode, which if you learn to use well, it can take your photos to the next level
  11. @AadityaAnilTikone: LEGENDS ONLY USE ANDROID [ JO GAREEB SE AMIR BANTE HAI UNHE PATA HOTI HAI PAISE KI VALUE ]
  12. @NETERRO: 2026 may 1 7:17pm iQOO Z10 5G silchar
  13. @drkushajagadeesh6347: 11:02 Back in the day, it was just called "gold digging"
18:07 Also, which episode of Nikhil Kamath's podcast was this one? I've missed it I think 🙈
  14. @chillbyteshorts: Previously I was using i phone now I switched to samsung
  15. @PrinceKumar-j5m8j: 8:15 I have vivo x300 and a people get attracted by my zeiss cirtified lens.
Also I am heavily rely on the performance phone with some cracked apps and an android phone do it seemlessly.
For me I personally think that me and my job  was not made or say suitable for an Iphone
  16. @scorpian1987: I own Vivo X80, It captures photos better than iPhone 15. And Vivo is launching X300 ultra which has the best camera in the segment. Better than iPhone 17 Pro.
  17. @techartgiri6767: *** digital marketing me toh iPhone, sneakers, watch insab ka hi ads denge aur marketing karenge 😂
  18. @rohitsharma17: Me using samsung j2 4g
  19. @matkarlala48: Samsung does the job at every price range, from 15k to 1 lakh inr
  20. @parneetassi405: Not all gen z i grew up with iphones  but I have had my samsung for 2 years now ill never go back to iPhone

- The Finesse of Miami’s Luxury Car Hustle: Kind: captions Language: en When you think of Miami, you think of fast cars, flashy jewelry, and the clubs, you know? The routine is to show off, to stun. And they just want to show their ass. That's what it is. Look at me, look at me, look at me. My industry survives on that, strives on that, lives off that. The car business in general is a tough business. So, the car rental business, even more so. Anybody that finds out that you can make money and drive a Ferrari, I mean, they're diving in headfirst. There's so many real celebrities out here. Everybody wants to be a celebrity, you know what I'm saying? So you get a little Lambo, get a little Ferrari. People look at you, you know, people go crazy with celebrity. You know what I'm saying? "Who's that?" "I want to know who that is." You know? Money attracts money, man. And that's the lifestyle. Period. If you don't got it, you want to act like you got it. The game is finesse. Everybody in this room has lied one time in their life. I just want to be blunt. Have you been finessing me? [Miami Hustle: Luxury Cars] [MVP Exotic Rentals Miami, Florida] Bull. I just **** told you. Why do you always like to act stupid? You waste time doing that-- But we paid two different people-- Dougie, we paid Matty, because Matty took care of it. He's the one that stole them from them. So we're paying him-- Technically, they're not his anymore. -Technically. -Did we get paid, technically? Did we get $1,000 for a Wraith for four days? There you go. Where are you going? To get my keys. So this is it. We're one of the only companies out here with an actual showroom. We're not just in a warehouse. Got every toy you can think of, starting with the Rolls-Royce Wraith. One of our most popular cars. Take you guys down to the 488, one of our newest cars, and one of the nicest cars in the fleet. Boom. 2018 488 Spider, almost a $400,000 window. And... if you came to spend the real money, this is what it looks like. You know, if you come to the city, visit Miami Beach, and you see a car on the road, most likely came from here. So, we cater to just about anybody and everybody here. Athletes, music artists, producers. And then just your guys from your neighborhood blocks that want to come stun in Miami. I want to give a shout out to Instagram, as a matter of fact. I think if it wasn't for Instagram we probably wouldn't be as busy as we are today. But I mean, when you come to Miami you've got to snap. You got to post the picture, sometimes sitting on the damn car. Which I hate. Be more creative. Everybody can sit on the car, take a picture. Get creative, I don't know. But, yeah. Thanks to Instagram, we do a lot of business. I mean the culture, it is what it is today. You can't come to Miami and say you were in Miami, unless you drove a Lambo, a Rari, a Rolls Royce. I mean, it's like going to the golf course. Everybody got to get a golf cart, you know? But we definitely understand our clients, and that's just where it's at today, These guys rap about the Bentley Truck, now the Bentley Truck is my most popular car. It's that easy, you know? We know what our competitors do, we know who our competitors are. Not everybody's playing clean, not everybody's playing fair. Like I said, in the last year and a half the business has grown. So we're kind of able to... not worry about what everybody else is doing. But yeah, there's definitely some competitors out there. And guys that are in the business that probably shouldn't be in the business, they're just not doing the business right. A lot of these artists, a lot of people, they all do something to stay up until 8:00 in the morning and then start it all over again. All of it done. ****, dude. [During the course of filming, VICE was unable to confirm] [many of the statements made by David "DZ Baby" Zanone.] You know, we about to go out to go have some fun, go meet up with a couple of my clients and ****, bro. And you know just... This is the time that Miami turns up, 1:00 am. This is it, just starting. Long ass night, boy, it ain't even started yet. I got one minute of sleep. One minute. You know what I'm saying, if you're going to get it you've got to work real, real hard to get it, you know? No sleep, fine. You know, a couple of days no sleep, whatever. Can't eat today, that's fine, boom. You know, money over everything. Money is the motivation. If I have 32 cars, and 30 of them don't go out, the whole day I don't feel right. You know, I'm going to go out there and do what I got to do. If it's hand to hand, if it's face to face, "Yo, what's up man." You know, because cars out here will forever be. That's Miami This is what we work for, man. You know what I'm saying, like? I'm 23 years old, if you had told me two years ago... I'd be sitting in a Lambo, let alone owning one, I would've laughed at you. The cars came out of nowhere. Never was I ever thinking about Lamborghinis and Ferraris. I always saw them but it wasn't... I knew it was way out of my range. I knew I would never drive a car like that, let alone own a car like that. And then it was somebody's birthday, or something like that. And I called somebody, and I say, "Hey, man. What does it cost to rent one of these?" Came all the way down to Miami to pick the car up. And people just went nuts. It's like I was a real celebrity. It was the adrenaline, bro, it was a drug. I'm like, "Damn, this is awesome. This is awesome." So as much as I could, I'm renting them out, renting them out, renting them out. Start taking pictures, posting them. Once I started taking pictures, I was getting hit up, "Hey, man. Yo, nice car. Where can I get a car like that?" And then... I started making money. Because I started sub-leasing them. So what does that mean? I would rent a car and I would bring it to somebody else, because they couldn't rent it. And then I would charge them a lot more. So it was a nice little side hustle at the time, because I'm like, "Alright, cool." I saved up $980,000 between me, my brother, and my other partner. I got that $900,000 from music, club promotions, drugs, hustling. My company down here in Miami is South Beach Exotics. I own 50 percent, I partner with a private... person to help me insure the cars Really, my thing is... when they come into town, they come to me, because I'm not a dude that'll look out. Know what I'm saying? I'm not a dude that'll, "What's up, bro. You know, the insurance ain't good, alright." I mean, I'm going to take that risk that nobody else will take. It's a facade, man. It's a facade. People come down here and spend thousands of dollars just to be seen and noticed. People want to feel what it feels like to be a millionaire for a day. You know? And I can supply that. Miami is full of a lot of fakes, I don't really like talking down on anybody, but it's full of a lot of people that say they they do what they don't. I just got a call last minute to pull up at a video shoot. So, they're shooting a little music video. **** like this happen all the time, sometimes. You know, I get a call, my boy call me, "Yo, what's up, man? Pull up." Sometimes it's sketchy and in the middle of... nowhere. But... it is what it is. Money talks, **** walks. And sometimes you pull up on people that actually got a decent amount of followers and a decent amount of clout. I mean, the cars and the music go hand-in-hand. So, you know. And then he becomes a potential client, boom. Add him to my clientele. I always wanted to do music. I started as a rapper, and that kind of picked up down here. I was kind of like a childhood star for a while. I got signed to Interscope. I got signed to them, I was signed to them for about three years. I got shelved. Whose contract are you signed under? I'm signed with We The Best, which is DJ Khaled's label. You're signed as a... Producer, production. I recorded a couple of real big Grammy Award-winning songs. And I signed a nondisclosure, so... I guess I can talk about, I mean, I'm allowed to talk about... what I've produced, right? You would know the specifics of your non-disclosure agreement. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well... I got paid really good in the beginning. I got paid really good. As the label grew and got a lot more exposure, they just hired new people, I guess. Not that they were better than me, just that... I'm used when they need me. The money that I have now, now it's all off cars. Everything that I have now, every dollar I make now is all off cars. Since 2015, I've made about... $4.5, $5 million, just off exotic cars. Renting to celebrities, renting to regular people, pulling up to music videos. We've done videos... with pretty much every rapper you can think of. Now I want you to meet the second Matt. Our in-house photographer, I call him the shooter. Matt's kind of the **** in the office, so he kind of gets along with the... the rap artists. So for that reason, I think they understand each other. I kind of do have that reputation as being the one that has the most attitude here. And then when he's doing a late night pickup, and then the car doesn't make it back to the store. All you have to do is track it, and you'll find it at the local strip club. That's where he spends most of his after hours. But in his defense, he does meet a lot of people out there. He socializes and networks while he's out there, so... he does bring us in some good clients from there too. You got to spend money to make money. Yeah. Matty is the nightcrawler. Yeah, the i8s going out for one day and then the Maserati is... just coming back to the office. Or I don't know if he's taking it home, or what the **** he's doing. I don't know. I'll figure it out. Alright, so we just got to Wynwood. We left the shop. That's where everyone meets up. Pretty much meeting up, that's how I first got into the car scene was hanging out with all these guys. If it wasn't for the regular cars or tuned-up cars, I would probably never be in this exotic car scene. Yeah, you guys ready? Vamonos. Honestly, I'm not going to lie, I race them. I go race cars all the time. I mean... I guess you can say I like speed. I've gotten my few shares of tickets in these cars. Which is kind of an awkward conversation having with my boss, like, "Hey, I got a ticket in the Ferrari." Well, yeah. You know how that goes. My boss might hate it, but I take the cars with me to either the strip club, or I go to the clubs with some clients. But if I'm not in the car, then they probably won't take me serious. It's kind of a lifestyle. Whether it's Lil Pump, to the local D-Boy in the neighborhood. They've seen the car, they want to ask you a question, "Man, how are you driving that car?" And I don't lie to them, I tell them, "Hey, look it's a rental. If you want to rent one, here's my number." And they just... and from there, I got a new client. Yeah, I own this car outright. I got... in my name and my company's name, I got about 16 cars. In total, between everybody, all of my partners, we have 32 cars. I'm about to go to Mr Jones and go kick it with Busta Rhymes, and my boy Cuban Link. It's important for me to come out because I network, you know? I meet a lot of people that I don't know through the people I know. So... especially the celebrities and different things. The nightlife out here, it's about how you pull up, you know what I mean, to these clubs. So I say, "Hey, man. If you ever need cars, you ever need something..." "I can do it." If I'm out on the street and I run into whoever, Future, Lil Wayne, Busta Rhymes, Kent Jones, whoever-- Do you know those guys? I know all of those guys. You know, I know a lot of the people. My relationships, I'm still building a lot. And that's why I go out. I go out to network. You know, to meet these people. Do you think that people are desperate for fame? Of course. People do crazy things. It's all social media now, that's it. Social media is the biggest **** that's out there. These celebrities are nothing like... what you think they are. If somebody opened up your life and they said, "We want to get to know the real you..." If somebody really... wanted to get to know the real me-- Because I want to get to know the real you. I... I want to know the real you, brother. I'm not a good person, bro. I'm not. Part of it, yeah. I mean, this game is... a lot of it's fake. Is this actually your... really your whip, just be honest bro. Royalty Exotics owns this whip. I work with them real close. I make a lot of money for being 23 years old. Is it all clean money? No. Have I robbed a lot of people? Yeah. Not gunpoint, not violently. My mind is something that never stops working. I've burned so many good bridges... being selfish. Do I drive exotic cars every day? Yes. Do I rent exotic cars out illegally? Do I get to go and chill with celebrities every day? Am I a celebrity myself? No. Maybe that's just what it is. I just want to be liked. Still to this day. I'm a nobody that wants to be a somebody, I guess. But I'm going to be a somebody. With or without you guys. With or without the world. I'm going to be successful. In whatever it is I want to do. And I'm sorry, I'm sorry for... for... making this harder than it had to be, I guess. Maybe we can just film you riding out. Alright. [South Beach Exotics and Royalty Exotic Cars both denied] [having any affiliation with David Zanone.] [David late confirmed to VICE] [that he had lied about his affiliation with those companies.] [He never owned 50% of South Beach Exotics] [and the owner of the car he posed with is still unknown.] [We The Best Music Group] [denied having any affiliation [David still maintains that he is affiliated with the label.] It's a very competitive business. And sometimes the people that we're competing against... they shouldn't even be on the court with us. And I know a bit about that because I didn't start the business... the way I'm running it today. I opened up a dealership first. Put a temp tag on the car, or a dealer tag, and sent it on its way. No trackers. But yeah, back then I didn't know what I was doing. Sending it out, not verifying insurance. I'm not going to throw shade or stop anybody from doing it. But there's definitely guys out there that we see on their Instagram, you know, "exotic car rental company." And they're sitting there with four or five cars that they got from... whoever, and they're trying to build the fleet off. You know I started just like that, so, you know, here we are today with something real. Sometimes you see people get in the business for the wrong reasons. But... you can't blame them.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE [32 likes]: WATCH NEXT: Danny Lambo claims he is the UK’s flashiest playboy. As a multimillionaire hotelier so obsessed with his supercar collection that he has officially changed his surname to “Lambo,” he may just be in the running. - https://youtu.be/BH_0XyVS0PM
  2. @bdub-j1f [1 likes]: Miami is such a terrible city
  3. @TiotPapes [1 likes]: You're a somebody to Christ, my brother
  4. @alexcajiao7489 [1 likes]: Don’t love the world or anything in the world.
  5. @Z-jay_IC: The dichotomy between the real dealer and the fake is just hilarious
  6. @Prokastrynator: Tik tok mindset before tik tok
  7. @jrrob5864: Miami carries that old vegas aura just in a more modern way.
  8. @DirtyMikeandtheBoys35: Hot, humid, scammers everywhere, cocaine nightlife, crash test dummy personalities. Miami sucks
  9. @skeetlejuice522: Loser lol
  10. @czcore: I don't know, you know?
  11. @bandilemdluli6163: Lmao yo 2026, he should be 30 years old. where is this guy now ?
  12. @Sando_e9TY: Bro gave me a brain aneurysm
  13. @Recon6delta: Dude smoking 🚬 ciggs in Ferrari nice 😂! Worst idea ever. Ashes get in the back seat in the cracks and stinks 😂😂😂 what a joke these dudes are they are not serious.
  14. @HighLevelPlayer: It looks like David is Jay Gatsby if he had never been hung up on Daisy. Truly a second gilded age.
  15. @rogeraguilar3575: When I think of Miami, Gloria Estefan or Trick Daddy come to mind. 🤣🤣
  16. @RTD-9: Where is this guy now?
  17. @chase3253: I rent full-suspension mountain bikes when I'm in Miami. Costs me $75/day and I can tie up wherever I please. Losers w/ cars that they can't afford...
  18. @Rawkus105: All these years on, Miami is still a city of wanna-be's and has-beens.
  19. @Stormedddddd: The guy gave off kinda dork vibes, I was losing it when he folded over a very open-ended comment from the journalist
  20. @TropicThunder-FL: Renting a car and then proceeding to rent the rented car lol unreal!

- I Sell Supercars To Celebrities | How To Get Rich: Supercars: Kind: captions Language: en-GB In today's market we are trying to sell this car for Everybody wants something that they can't get and so they'll pay over the odds. My business turned over 20 million pounds last year and Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, guys So you know that this is a big job for us. It's a high profile customer. Been really looking forward to this job, as you guys know. Today we're working on a car that is a footballer's car. It's quite an exciting project. So this client is an England player. Oh sorry, was an England player. Was he an England captain? Oh, that'll be giving it away then. But let's put it this way, he's footballing royalty. So right now, the guys are laying the boot, boot lid, with the vinyl. But it's quite cool being able to see the colour being transformed. That is looking good. That is looking really good. So in 2009, I left my job as an accountant. I started selling cars. I set up my website and the website made me out to be like this huge business when really I was just a twenty five year old guy sitting in his bedroom. We were having problems with cars it was getting too expensive to send them to main dealers to fix. so I decided to open my own service centre, and then my own detailing centre. And same with the wrapping as well. Where the business is now we've got around 40 staff that work here. I've had quite a few supercars in my time. I take my family on really nice holidays and we always go five star. I love spending money on cars and I love spending it on good clothes partying and all this kind of stuff. This is my showroom. This is where all the magic happens. It's one of the largest indoor supercar showrooms in the country. It's quite cool. We have around 90 cars in stock with a collective value of around 16... So this Lamborghini Aventador SVJ is We're going to take it out of the showroom now I'm going to go straight to our client. That's very close. Oh! Go back, go back go back, go back, go back. Go. So we're going to meet a client he owns quite a few really nice restaurants around this area. and he's bought and sold a few cars off us. The most recent one he bought off us was a McLaren 720S So he definitely wants to get himself back into a Lamborghini. Oh wow. This is a fast car. So this is the beast. This is the beast. Should take a look at it? Let's have a walk around. So it's really highly spec'd. You feel like you're in a a little spaceship with the little gizmos and stuff it has in there. So, what do you think? Very tempted. We could see what deal can be done Yeah. So you're asking me for my best price? I can't give you that right now, so I'll go away and get the boys to work out what figures we can do and try and do a deal. The buzz of doing a deal will never go. It doesn't matter if it's a deal which has three thousand pounds in it or if it's a deal that has fifty thousand pounds in it. The buzz is always there. I'm proud of myself but I don't judge myself against other people anymore. I'm always pushing myself to the next level.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aiyanyaqoob2203 [60 likes]: I'm 14 years old and owning A car dealership has always been my dream, soon but not instantly I will have my own car business
  2. @kenncholo8561 [11 likes]: I'm 16 years old  I love supercars and really want to start a car dealership like this and i use this as a motivation  and inspiration and now I'm starting small I see you all at the top brothers🥰
  3. @myob3038 [2 likes]: How much money did this guy start off with? 
Trust fund baby or illegal activities?

 I suppose hard-work/luck are a factor but I'd wager this guy started with a leg up.
  4. @ryan5983 [1 likes]: This aged welll 😂
  5. @joomjung.r7549 [1 likes]: How much investment did he start the business with?
  6. @lrn4229 [1 likes]: He owns GVE LONDON
  7. @abewardhana8519 [1 likes]: I'm 13 years old , but I will stary my car business & now well study for my future , good luck all of you 👍, thank you so much for this video ,🙏👍
  8. @CAREDITZWORLD: how to get rich: pay 500,000 dollars for 1 dollar
  9. @muebkl: This guy looks like a geek if he can do it anyone can make it
  10. @Supercar_TV: I’m 20 years old 2k to my name no job living off 270 month how do I get an svj ?
  11. @jacqueslazarus8457: Dash it’s called sprinting the sprit of god is in him
  12. @jacqueslazarus8457: Ghost recon 4 life
  13. @loneranger7877: Naaa.. 
Tom Hartley for me thanks 🤷🏽‍♂️
  14. @michaelwest6330: I'm after a super sports car for £250I to £350k.in the UK.  WHERE DO I look?
  15. @rosselzinga8200: I am a 10 year automotive service technician looking for something greater than a Honda dealership, any openings available?
  16. @crossmillie5998: Surprisingly, I used to be an investor on Wall Street. And I’ve never seen anything like this in my 10 year tenure at the company. My colleagues all thought I was crazy when I quit the firm to invest with the Investment company full-time. $384,594 in profits later, all of my colleagues are now BEGGING me to let them inSurprisingly, I used to be an investor on Wall Street. And I’ve never seen anything like this in my 10 year tenure at the company. My colleagues all thought I was crazy when I quit the firm to invest with the Investment company full-time. $384,594 in profits later, all of my colleagues are now BEGGING me to let them IN
  17. @therealsharps: Fire and forget dealers.. selling to youtubers. This is where your advertising money goes :-)
  18. @fluffygengar3533: So the cars are used and damaged. He just patches them up cheaply. Lol. Then he asks for more than the worth.
  19. @laurawilson3380: I KEEP HEARING ABOUT THEIR LEGITIMACY ALL OVER THE STATE I'M GLAD I COULD ALSO BENEFITED FROM THEM ..I JUST RECEIVED ANOTHER PROFIT FROM THEIR PLATFORM AS PROMISED ITS REALLY INCREDIBLE TO HAVE SUCH A PAYING PLATFORM IN THIS CRISIS PERIOD.
  20. @tmahendr: If he was really worth that much his bitch would be hotter

- The Humble Farm Boy Who Created Lamborghini: Kind: captions Language: en Lamborghini makes some of the most exotic and expensive sports cars in the world, boasting annual revenues of over $2 billion. And yet, despite its cars being purchased by wealthy and famous people, the company was founded by a humble farm boy whose father bered him for tinkering with tractors instead of working on the farm. After serving in the army and being taken as prisoner of war, he used everything he learned to open a small workshop and build his own tractors using old and reused war equipment. Nobody could have guessed that these humble beginnings would lead him to build one of the largest tractor manufacturers in Italy and later the inventor of one of the world's most iconic and luxury sports cars, Lamborghini. Fucho Lamborghini was born on April 28th, 1916 in a quiet village from northern Italy called Renazo. Italy at the time was embroiled in the First World War. And so by the time the warfare ended in 1918, the country's economy was on its knees. There were food shortages, civil unrest, and poverty widespread across Italy. But despite all the chaos, the Lamborghini family managed to live a modest and stable life. Fucho's father, Antonio, owned a small vineyard that provided a steady supply of grapes and wine, which helped the family stay afloat. For Antonio, the farm wasn't just a livelihood. It was the family's legacy. And so, Fucho would have spent most of his childhood working with his father on the vineyard from morning to dusk. But then, one day, everything changed. Antonio brought home an old tractor, which quickly became a gamecher in the family's life. It significantly reduced the amount of manual labor required on the farm and allowed the family to maintain their vineyard with fewer resources. The major flaw, though, was that the tractor was too old, noisy, and unreliable. And yet, Fucho found it captivating and unlike anything he'd ever seen before. He would spend hours tinkering with the machine, taking it apart and piecing it back together to learn how it worked. And soon, what began as a child's curiosity quickly turned into an obsession. At first, Antonio didn't think much of it. He assumed his son's new obsession was just a temporary hobby on the side. But as Furucho got older, his obsession with mechanics only grew stronger. This meant by the time young Lamborghini finished school, he had a big decision to make. Fucho didn't want to be a grape farmer anymore. He yearned for a life where he could tinker with engines and explore different machines. But asking his father for permission to study engineering was no easy task. The vineyard had been passed down in the Lamborghini family for generations. And as the oldest son of five children, Fucho knew it was his duty to carry on that heritage. Finally, one evening, he summoned up the courage and approached his father to ask for his blessings. At first, Antonio sat there in silence, but after an awkward and tense conversation, he realized there was no changing his son's mind. And so, Antonio reluctantly gave him his blessings. The next morning, the young Lamborghini left Renazo and set off to Bolognia to study at the Fertelli Tadia Technical Institute. After graduating with a degree in industrial design, he started training with a master blacksmith who shared all of his ironwork and welding secrets. These training sessions are what helped Furucho find work at the most important factory in the city, Cavayi Riki. At the time, the factory was commissioned to maintain the Italian army's vehicles, and Fucho picked up valuable skills and insights that would later define his life and career. By the time he turned 18, Fucho returned to his hometown, Renazo, and partnered with a close friend to open their own mechanical workshop. For the next few years, he lived a carefully life doing what he loved, fixing tractors and other machines that were brought to the shop. In his spare time, he would buy and fix old vehicles for the sole purpose of cruising on the country roads for pleasure. However, 5 years later, the world was once again plunged into chaos. World War II had erupted, but this time, Fucha wouldn't be watching it from the safety of his father's vineyard. Instead, he would now be in the middle of it. [Music] With the outbreak of the Second World War, Fucha was drafted into the Royal Italian Air Force in 1940. However, instead of sending him into the front line, the army recognized his mechanical talents and sent Fucho to the Italian garrison at the Greek island of roads, where he spent the next 3 years repairing and maintaining the army's tractors and diesel trucks. By the time Italy surrendered in 1943, Fucho had transformed from a skilled mechanic into a master of his craft. Unfortunately though, Hitler had anticipated Italy's betrayal. And immediately after they surrendered, the Germans seized control of the island of roads and most of Italy before falling into the hands of the Allied forces. All of the Italian troops on the island were then expelled by the Nazis. But instead of leaving, Furucho convinced the Germans to let him stay and open his own mechanical workshop on the island. However, as the war continued and the Nazis were being defeated, the Allied forces ultimately took control of roads in 1945. Fucha was captured and imprisoned just like everyone else on the island. But once again, his technical aptitude was recognized by the Allied forces and was tasked with fixing and maintaining their vehicles instead. A year later, he was eventually released and allowed to return home to Italy. However, Fucho's early years back home were far from blissful. Due to the war, the Italian currency had collapsed, leading to a shattered economy with a bleak future ahead. Despite the situation though, Furucho took advantage of his skills and set up a small workshop, repairing whatever pre-war vehicles, lorries, and tractors he could get his hands on. He soon married a young woman from roads whom he'd fallen in love with during the war, Kalia Monty. And for the first time in years, life seemed to give him something good to fight for. By 1947, his wife gave birth to their first son, Tanino. When the doctor delivered the news, Fucho felt a surge of joy unlike anything he'd ever experienced before. Unfortunately, although that joy was short-lived when he asked about his wife, the doctor's expression changed, and that's when Fucho knew something terrible had happened. His wife, Cleia, had died during childbirth, leaving Furucho alone to raise their newborn son. Furucho couldn't believe it. He felt like he was having a terrible nightmare. But it wasn't a nightmare. This was his reality now. Understandably, Lamborghini fell into a deep depression and buried himself at work, hoping to use it as a distraction to drown out his grief. Then one day, Furu received a brief but urgent message from his father that would eventually pull him out of his sorrow and alter the course of his life. Apart from dealing with the loss of his wife, Fucha was battling with another problem. Money. Business was slow. And now that he was a father himself, Fucha wanted to give his son the life he never got to have. But fixing old lorries and tractors wasn't going to provide him with the kind of life he dreamt of. He needed something bigger. And then in the most unexpected way, the answer came to him. One afternoon, an urgent message arrived from his father. The vineyard tractor had broken down and his father needed help. So he dropped everything and rushed to his father's farm. As Fucho worked on the tractor, he listened to Antonio's frustrations. Fuel costs were unbearable. His tractors were unreliable. And replacing the parts was extremely expensive. And that's exactly when it hit. It wasn't just his father who was struggling. Thousands of farmers across Italy were trapped in the same situation. You see, Italy at the time desperately needed to increase its agriculture production to rebuild their economy. But modernizing farms required tractors, and tractors had become very expensive after the war due to the increased cost of engines from the steel and manufacturing parts in the country. To make matters worse, fuel prices had also skyrocketed due to post-war prohibitions, making it nearly impossible for farmers to even afford to run their machines. Identifying these problems, Furucho believed he could tackle some of the issues and set out to design an entirely new tractor, one that would be both affordable and much more fuelefficient than anything else on the market. At the time, the Italian government was auctioning off its huge stockpile of military equipment left over from the war to help rebuild the country. And so, Furucho jumped at the opportunity. His experience with both Allied and Axis vehicles gave him a unique edge over these equipment. So he quickly gathered his savings and went straight to the auction where he purchased an old British Morris engine for a fraction of the price of a new one. When Furo returned to his workshop, he modified and improved the engine by installing a fuel atomizer. This was a brilliant innovation as it allowed his tractor to start with gasoline and then switch to the much cheaper diesel fuel once it started running. To keep costs even lower, he used a smaller frame and repurposed salvage parts from other military vehicles available. Piece by piece, the machine began to take shape. And after months of restless nights, the karaoke tractor was finally completed. The first to test it was his father. At first, he was skeptical about the machine. But after firing it up and taking a spin on the vineyard, all of his doubts had vanished. The tractor was efficient, powerful, and most importantly, economical. Excited, Antonio began showing it off to his neighbors, boasting about his son's invention. Word spread like wildfire and within weeks farmers from nearby villages who were knocking on Fucho's door, eager to get their hands on one of his revolutionary tractors. What started as a desperate attempt to solve his father's problems had now turned into something much bigger. Lamborghini was now in business. At first, Fucha was satisfied with building one tractor a week, but his tractors were so efficient and affordable that he soon began receiving a new order every single day. This surge in demand might not have been a problem if Furucho hadn't been working entirely on his own. and with limited equipment, no additional manpower, he soon found himself overwhelmed. So he went to the bank and asked for a loan. Unfortunately, the bank rejected him as they were very conservative, especially at a time when the country's economy was still reeling from the war. Meanwhile, back at home, orders continued pouring in. Customers were growing impatient, and the pressure was piling up on Fucho. One morning, Antonio stopped by Fucho's workshop and immediately noticed the immense stress reflected in his son's eyes. After hearing about the situation, Antonio immediately offered to help and put down the family's farm as a collateral, which Furucho used to finally secure the loan. This was a huge gamble because if Fucho failed to repay the loan on time, his family would lose their farm, a loss he knew his father might never recover from. So, he immediately got to work. He hired a small team, purchased a thousand Morris engines, and expanded into a larger production facility for his newly formed company, Lamborghini Tratori. With his new workforce, Lamborghini was able to improve his machine and release a range of new models that slowly allowed him to break into the tractor market. Eventually, Fucho began working on designing his own engine, and by 1952, Lamborghini Trtori was selling tractors and crawlers entirely produced by the company using their own diesel-made engines. These new engines proved to be more powerful, efficient, and cheaper to manufacture, allowing Furucho to lower its price and make his tractors even more competitive than before. This also ended up being perfect timing for Furucho. Because only a year later, the Italian government began offering loans for Italian farmers who were purchasing Italian-made machinery. And since Fucho was now using his own engines, his tractors qualified for the program. This was a huge turning point for the company. Profits soared, production skyrocketed, and Lamborghini Trtorii became one of the biggest agricultural manufacturers in Italy, selling thousands of units every year by the late 50s. It also helped that Italy was experiencing an economic boom during the same period, and Fucho would seize the opportunity even further by expanding into the heating and air conditioning business in 1960, which quickly became another huge and lucrative venture on its own. With two thriving businesses, Fuucho Lamborghini was now one of the wealthiest men in his country, and his name began to be known all over Italy. Little did anyone know, he was on the verge of making his name even more famous, and in a way no one could have ever predicted. Now that he was wealthy, Fucho celebrated his success with fine wine, good food, and fast cars, especially the luxury grand touring models. His collection of cars had grown to include the likes of Mercedes, Jaguars, Maseratis, Alfa Romeos, and Ferraris. But no matter what vehicle he bought, there was always just one minor flaw that prevented him from fully enjoying it. However, no car frustrated him more than his Ferrari 250 GT. This vehicle was the most prized and expensive from his collection. And yet, it was also the one with the most problems, as the clutch would constantly break down at high speeds. After having his clutch fixed multiple times with Ferrari, Fuchu decided he had enough. So, he brought the car to his tractor factory and had one of his mechanics dismantle it to uncover the root of the problem. That's when they discovered that the clutch used in his Ferrari was identical to the one fitted in his Lamborghini tractors. This did not sit well for Furucho since he would pay €10 for the clutch his tractors used and paid Ferrari €1,000 for the same part. Disappointed, Froo improved the clutch himself and decided to visit Ferrari to share his findings about their cars. In truth, he had no intention of causing a fight. As an engineer himself, Lamborghini simply wanted to help Ferrari improve his cars and genuinely thought he was doing him a favor. But Enzo was not an easy man to deal with. Known for his quick temper and arrogance, he had little patience for criticism, especially from someone he considered to be a mere tractor manufacturer. When Fucha pointed out the flaws in Ferrari's design, Enzo dismissed him, claiming that his cars were perfect and that the real issue was him not knowing how to drive them. Finally, Enzo left Furucho with a biting remark. Stick to making tractors and let me make sports cars. That moment would change everything for Fucho. Instead of being wellreceived for his ideas, he was rejected in the worst way possible. The insult for him was really humiliating, and on his way home, he made a fateful decision. He was going to build his own sports car and make it much better and more reliable than those of Ferrari. In fact, it was going to be the best luxurious sports car the world has ever seen. And unlike Ferrari, he was going to make sure that their buyers received the best service possible. So, in 1963, Fuucho founded Automoili Lamborghini and began recruiting the most talented Italian engineers for his project. Among them were Jato Bizarini, Franco Scalion, and Jealo Delora, all of whom who had previously worked for Ferrari. Together, they set out to achieve Furucho's bold dream to create the ultimate sports car. A machine with high performance capabilities that didn't compromise on reliability, ride quality, or comfort. The main challenge was that Fucho gave his engineers only 4 months to complete the prototype. This feat was considered to be impossible to say the least. Especially for a car that was looking to compete against the finest grand touring automobiles of the day. The reason why was because Fucha was so eager to beat Ferrari, he wanted to debut the car at the Turin Motor Show that same year, which was only 4 months away. So, Lamborghini and his team worked tirelessly around the clock every day and made good use of the infrastructure available from his tractor factory for his project. By the time the Turan Auto Show arrived in November 1963, they were able to complete the car, but were hit with a major setback. The engine was not ready yet. However, Furucha refused to let that stop him. He went through with his plans and instructed his engineers to fill the engine bay with bricks, keeping the car's weight low enough to make it look like the engine was inside. During the show, they made sure the hood remained locked at all times. And luckily for Fucho, the gamble paid off. The car's sleek design and luxurious interior were so impressive that no one even asked to see the engine. The positive recognition from his prototype gave Froo even greater confidence in his design. And after completing the engine, he quickly ordered the car into production. 5 months later, the Lamborghini 350 GT was born. The 350 GT was a technical masterpiece. It had a V12 engine, 5-speed transmission, four-wheel disc brakes, and four-wheel independent suspension, making it one of the finest sports cars available. Over the next 2 years, 120 units were produced and sold, giving Lamborghini a respectable start to his venture into the luxury car industry. However, his goal of beating Ferrari was far over. And to make good on his promise, he worked vigorously on improving the car even further, which eventually became the successor to his first model, the 400 GT. In the meantime, some of his best engineers were working on a side project at night, developing a mid-enine sports car inspired by Formula 1 technology. This would be a radical departure from the traditional grand touring cars of the day since its unique performance and appearance of the car would be something not seen before in any other sports car in history. The turning point here though was that the project was kept from Fucho since he was against the idea of building race cars. Several years back he had entered the 1948 ML Miglia road race, one of the most popular and difficult races in his country, but ended up crashing against a wall on the side of a restaurant. This experience traumatized Fucho and left a mark in his life that would avert him from entering the racing world again. But Lamborghini's team were so confident their design would disrupt the sports cars market that they continued to work on it in secret. Luckily for them, after Furucho found out about their prototype, he ultimately forged ahead with their plan. Now, while Furucho remained a bit skeptical about it, he reflected that at least the unique and extravagant design of the car was an opportunity for him to bring more attention to his brand. Never could he have guessed that this car would become the one that would ultimately put his company on the spotlight, the Lamborghini Mura. When the Mura was released in 1966, it became the fastest production automobile up until that moment, and its innovative design quickly earned its place as the world's first supercar. It wasn't just faster and more advanced than any road car of its time. It became a cultural icon and a fan favorite among celebrities. Plus, its rear mid-enine layout soon became the standard for all high performance cars during the next decades. This meant Fucho didn't just make good on his promise to surpass Ferrari. He exceeded in spectacular fashion. On top of that, Fucho also made sure his clients were well treated and satisfied. And unlike Ferrari and other luxury automakers, whenever a Lamborghini broke down, the company would send a mechanic at its own expense, even by plane if necessary, and a letter of apology. This exquisite attention to quality and service gave Lamborghini even more publicity and helped establish the company as one of the best in the luxury car market. Over the following years, the company continued to introduce some of the most celebrated models of those times such as the Espada, the Isero, the Harama, and the Uraco. The legendary Countach, for example, became the most written about car in history. Everything seemed to be going well for Furucho, and his name had become synonymous with innovation, luxury, and performance. However, he was about to face the greatest challenge in his life. One that would put at risk everything he had built up to that point. The first major blow came in the early 1970s when Lamborghini Trtori faced an unexpected financial catastrophe. The Bolivian government had placed a massive order for 5,000 tractors, a deal that would have significantly boosted Fucho's company to new heights. But before the order was completed, Bolivia plunged into political turmoil and the contract was abruptly cancelled. When the news reached Fucho at his estate, he was petrified. He had taken out a huge sum of loans to ramp up production, expecting a financial windfall. But now he was left deeply in debt with a warehouse full of tractors he couldn't sell. And just to add on, Automobile Lamborghini was also going through their own challenges. Years of production delays from crucial models such as the Euro and Countach meant that the company was falling behind. While other car makers were quickly launching more competitive models with similar performance, with the mounting pressure of two struggling companies, Fucho saw no better option but to sell a 51% stake of automobile Lamborghini in 1972. In order to repay some of his debts and try to keep his businesses afloat, but still it wasn't enough to recover. As the situation continued to spiral, he was forced to sell his entire tractor business the following year to a rival company named Same, who had the reserves necessary to save the company from collapse. While Furucho felt devastated for letting his tractor business go, more unfortunate things were coming to him that were completely out of his control. The oil crisis of 1970 caused the global economy to spiral into recession, leaving the automobile industry into immense chaos. Now gasg guzzling supercars like Lamborghini became the last thing anyone wanted to buy. The likes of Ferrari, Porsche, and Maserati all suffered as well. But Lamborghini, a young company without deep financial reserves, was among the hardest hit. Fucho fought to keep the company afloat by slashing costs, streamlining his production, and even experimented with fuelefficient designs to adapt to the new market. But still, it wasn't enough. Nobody wanted to buy luxury vehicles in the middle of an economic downturn. Tired of wrestling against financial problems, Fujo decided to retire early and sold the remaining 49% of his automobile Lamborghini shares in 1974. He had already proven to Ferrari of what he was capable of and could finally lay back knowing he had produced some of the greatest cars in history, even better than those of Ferraris. So he handed over his heating and air conditioning company to his son Tanino and moved to a small town in Italy where he spent his later years out of the public eye going back to his farming roots. And yet even in his retirement, Fucho saw time to build a successful highquality wine business entirely from scratch. Proving just once more how strong his entrepreneurial spirit was. He passed away in 1993 after suffering from a heart attack, leaving the control of his wine business to his family. Meanwhile, the new owners of automobile Lamborghini failed to navigate the company through the oil crisis and financial instabilities in the business. And by 1978, the company was forced into liquidation. 3 years later, the Italian government sold the company to two billionaire French brothers for a discounted price of $3 million. Under their leadership, the French brothers brought some resurgence to the Lamborghini brand and invested heavily in producing new models such as the Yelpa and the company's first SUV, the LM2. Nevertheless, they ran out of money and due to the poor sales and complicated manufacturing process, they decided to flip the company to Chrysler Corporation in 1987 for a sum of $25 million. With greater funds and resources to work with, Chrysler released one of the most famous and reliable cars Lamborghini was able to produce, the Lamborghini Diablo. The Diablo became a commercial success in the world of supercars and drew the attention of millions of people around the world. It was much more reliable than the famous Count and became the first supercar in the world to surpass the 200 mph mark, turning it into one of the most iconic cars in history. Unfortunately, the early 1990s recession sent shock waves through the entire automotive industry, and the Chrysler Corporation, drowning in financial troubles, had to cut its losses and sell Lamborghini in 1994. This time to an Indonesian investment group for $40 million. However, this Indonesian conglomerate largely lacked experience in the automobile industry. And after Asia was hit by their own financial crisis in 1997, Lamborghini was once again put up for sale. This time it would be Audi, a subsidiary of Volkswagen Group that would purchase Lamborghini for a sum of $110 million in 1998. Unlike previous owners, Audi recognized Lamborghini's potential and understood the need to pay greater attention to processing and quality for their cars. With that vision in mind, they modernized their manufacturing system and infused German precision engineering into Lamborghini's Italian craftsmanship. In 2001, the company released its first model under their parent Volkswagen group, the Mercielago, which instantly earned its place as one of the best looking supercars of the 21st century. Thanks to its high performance and exotic design, the Mercielago became a cultural phenomenon, selling thousands of units across the world and winning a strong foothold in the United States. From that point on, Lamborghini experienced an extraordinary resurgence with the release of widely successful models such as the Gallardo, the Aventador, and the Huracan. Modern supercars that continued to push performance and technology to new heights. But the game changer would be in 2018 when the company unveiled their bestselling model to date, the Lamborghini Urus. The Urus quickly became popular for being the first SUV to successfully combine the high performance and design aesthetic of a sports car with the practicality and functionality of an SUV. Due to these reasons, the Urus attracted a new generation of high-end buyers, pushing the company's sales to record heights and redefining what a luxury sports SUV should be. Today, Lamborghini is valued at around 11 billion and sells more than 10,000 vehicles per year with the Urus accounting for more than half of its overall annual production. This is the story of how a grape farmer and prisoner of war created one of the most fascinating and exotic car companies in the world, Lamborghini.

  Top Comments:
  1. @conqueror571 [3 likes]: I thought Lamborghini was older than this. This is awesome
  2. @historyhubschannel [1 likes]: The Miura being born from a 'secret' night project because Ferruccio was traumatized by a racing crash is such a fascinating bit of history. It’s ironic that the man who didn't want to build race cars ended up creating the mid-engine layout that became the global standard for every high-performance car since. This documentary perfectly captures how Italian craftsmanship met German precision to save the brand under Audi.
  3. @JesusisLord-j5b [1 likes]: Humble boy created golddigger detecting product.
  4. @F1ShortsDriver [1 likes]: glad to see you back
  5. @Gimsonfx [1 likes]: God gives us power to wealth ❤
  6. @SweetHomesYT [1 likes]: The movie name ????
  7. @JeremiahAntoine: Ki
  8. @Sammy78girl: LAMBORGHINI IS THE BEST
  9. @rass1818: So happy that his father believed in him. When you have a family like that you it means everything!
  10. @Influensys: This is what hard work entails.
  11. @BizLegend-yt: so some suburb farmer create lambo.. some kinda story for sure.. lol
  12. @MotorMolly: Got one and love it! Car is in your face!  ❤❤
  13. @digitalrockytube: I mean to be fair Ferrari has building tractors in the few years in f1 😂
  14. @prashilbison7038: Ferrucio Lamborgini stole Enzo Ferrari's soul.
  15. @LuxuryProfiles: The editor of this channel is the key !
  16. @BehindTheEmpire-x4r: This is some hard editing. Using Davinci Resolve to do this is such a hefty task.
  17. @InspandMoti: ❤❤❤ amazing
  18. @DarrelLaBossiere: I used to take shit apart to see what it is made of etc. But fear of my parents limited what I could do.
  19. @glsapp23: 18:21 how the f you realase a video with a snafu like that
  20. @conqueror571: This is my first time hearing about the Urus

- How This Man Created Pagani After Being Rejected By Lamborghini & Ferrari!: Kind: captions Language: en in every success story sometimes the no's become more than the yes it is often because of the company values and not because the project is not worth it this is the story of Horatio Pagani how did he go from being rejected by luxury automobile Brands like Lamborghini and Ferrari to becoming one of the richest persons in the automotive industry to have a billion dollar company let's start this inspiring story from the year 1955. on the 10th of November 1955 Horatio Pagani was born in casilda a small town in Argentina to his parents Luca and Maria Pagani although his father was a baker Horatio started dreaming of a better life for himself from a young age at age nine he would carve out car models from wood and this confused his parents he got his inspiration from pictures of racing cars he saw in automotive magazines from Italy Luca Pagani couldn't take away his son's love for cars so he let him follow his dreams in 1969 Horatio and his friend Gustavo morani successfully built two mini bikes by the next year just before they graduated from high school they had built a four-wheel vehicle Horatio and Gustavo built the car from a reinforced plastic body kit donated by a company in Mardel Plata after Horatio Grand graduated he opened up a small mechanic shop to design and build racing cars from scratch his talent caught the attention of the French automobile company Renault Renault hired Horatio to improve the body of their racing car he impressed the company with his talent and delivered a Flawless job working for this French company exposed Horatio to experience what his craftsmanship would be like in the future and was his first big route to a successful career however it also exposed him to one big problem he couldn't see before casilda the town he was a resident of in Argentina was an agricultural-based town and it was impossible to drive super cars on a farm if he continued to make super cars no one would drive them nor would they afford them Horatio needed to be in a place that would value his skills as a mechanic and Supercar designer he knew that the only way to achieve his dream of making supercars was to emigrate to a country tree that allowed races Horatio's father was from Italy and he had heard of the automobile companies growing there like the Lamborghini brand he started making plans to move to Italy and that took a lot of planning because Horatio was just married to his 19 year old bride Christina Pagani moving to another country meant he needed enough skills to take care of himself and his wife yet the only skill Horatio had was making supercars in 1982 together with his young wife Horatio left Argentina for Italy foreign Argentina Horatio sought a job that would fund his new life abroad but he wanted to work in a company that made super cars even if he did not start as a designer or mechanic he and his wife Christina started Living in a tent in a camp in Bologna since neither of them could speak Italian and they had little money however the two sought as an adventure ratio was hired by Lamborghini but not as a mechanic or a Supercar designer he started working as a janitor for Lamborghini his job was to sweep the floor of the engineering department and he was very dedicated to it while working as a janitor Horatio was the first to arrive in the last to leave the workshop he learned more car building tips from observing the engineers and in time his dedication to work was noticed Horatio was offered a position as a Supercar designer taking him one step closer to his dream Horatio accepted his new role as a Supercar designer and Contin you to climb up the ranks of Engineers under the Lamborghini brand by the late 1980s he was one of the best engineers in the company and attained the role of chief engineer Horatio's task as chief engineer was to design a new car for the Countach Lamborghini car at the time Horatio is very passionate about using carbon fibers and supercars and he felt that the Countach design was a good place to start the revolution however the company did not have the same dream as Horatio he tried to persuade Lamborghini to buy an autoclave so they could extend the production of the carbon parts for the evolution Horatio foresaw that every supercar in the future would make use of carbon fiber but his idea was rejected the Lamborghini brand was started because of perucho Lamborghini's rivalry with Enzo Ferrari barucho wanted to make better engines and cars than Enzo's Ferrari yet he didn't want the supercars to differ offer completely from his competition and their defense of rejecting Horatio's idea Ferrari did not have an autoclave so Lamborghini didn't need one this put a huge dent in Horatio's plans but instead of dwelling on the rejection he decided it was time to leave Lamborghini and explore making supercars how he wanted to make them however it wasn't easy to break out of one of the best luxury car companies and start your own when companies like Ferrari and Lamborghini are around Horatio knew his name had to be known in the industry first if he was going to stand on his own he designed and produced the Lamborghini Countach which is to date one of Lamborghini's greatest models even after his success with the Countach Horatio is still not satisfied in 1987 Horatio walked into the bank and borrowed money to buy an autoclave to build cars out of carbon fiber he spent his remaining years at Lamborghini designing and making an another version of the Countach called the Countach Evolution it was a car made of carbon fiber and aluminum which was fabricated by his new composite Department the results of the Countach Evolution were impressive it weighed about 2 200 pounds which was 1 100 pounds lighter than the standard Countach history was made in 1991 Horatio redesigned the Lamborghini since the 1980s Horatio knew that carbon fiber would become widely used in supercars in the future and he was right presently every Supercar has at least one carbon piece his bosses at Lamborghini did not see the need or the potential but instead of emitting defeat Horatio sorted out on his own to make his car models after leaving Lamborghini in 1991 Horatio started a consultancy firm called Modena designs and he continued to make carbon fiber for supercars he hoped to use money from The Firm to fun making his cars due to his popularity in Lamborghini Horatio had clients from Major Brands like Ferrari a part of Mercedes-Benz Daimler and Aprilia in 1992 Horatio founded automobile Modena it wasn't easy making supercars in Italy because Lamborghini and Ferrari had the Market's attention and Ferrari was a client of Modena designs Horatio also realized that more people hated his ideas than the people who love them but he trusted his Instinct and followed his dreams in 1995 Bugatti one of Modena designs clients experienced severe bankruptcy and that affected the funding for automobile Modena Horatio is Bugatti's design and Engineering consultant so the bankruptcy degraded the quality of Modena Design Services he had no one to offer him financial aid but Horatio continued with his plans it took Horatio seven years to make his first car but he spent it well between 1992 and 1999 Horatio spent 18 000 hours of his spare time analyzing other supercars and assessing the exact parameters for the safety weight and comfort of his perfect car he designed all 3 700 parts of the car besides the engine and gearbox in 1999 Horatio produced his first car called The Zonda the car made its state debut at the Geneva Motor Show Horatio sold each car for 470 million Italian Lyra which is approximately 250 000 pounds after the Zonda debuted Horatio landed about 57 orders for his car but due to low funds he insisted on upfront deposits the company started by making a few cars a year until they could expand and improve their Manpower in 2005 Pagani announced it would triple its production output within the next three years and enter the U.S market in 2007 by 2008 Pagani automobile was making 17 cars a year and earning over 12 million pounds Horatio continued making carbon car parts and designed more cars after the Zonda including the huira which he named after hiratata the god of the wind in Incan culture Horatio's dream to make supercars came true his persistence in making supercars using carbon fiber earned him the nickname king of carbon as he predicted carbon fiber had become a foundational substance for the production of supercars because of its lightness and robustness Horatio worked on newer models some of which took years to develop however considering the first Supercar took seven years to design Horatio Pagani followed the process diligently on the 30th of June 2010 Pagani claimed a record for production-based cars using the Pagani Zonda R and completing the nurembring in 647 beating the Ferrari 599xx this was a huge win for Horatio because Ferrari was his competition and Lamborghini the previous company he had worked for in 2013 a Zonda revolucion version was introduced equipped with an 800 horsepower and the price for the car was put at 2.2 million pounds later on he developed the Zonda 760 Coupe limited edition which was highly sought after Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton has one Horatio went from making almost nothing as a Baker's son and a janitor to having an estimated net worth of 125 million dollars and an annual salary of 20 million dollars on the 12th of September 2022 Pagani announced the successor to the huira called Utopia presently they plan to produce 99 units of the coupe variant but they have not disclosed the price or when deliveries will begin do you think paganis are too expensive do you think Lamborghini was wrong to reject Horatio's ideas what would you like us to cover next comment below and check out other videos on our Channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @arunollem9170 [2 likes]: Pagani is not for beginners
  2. @luna_mercy-l8i [1 likes]: They got similar back story of Philippines Sportcar Aurelio ❤ Moral Lesson is "Dont stop in your dreams, keep going." ❤
  3. @alistairramsay2750 [1 likes]: Horacio did not design the Countach - that was Marcello Ghandini however, he did design engine parts for the 25th anniversary variant
  4. @TruyệnMaEoli [1 likes]: good video!!!!! :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  5. @User-ツ: Pagani rejected by Lamborghini 

Lamborghini rejected by Ferrari
  6. @sunnycoasttruckspotter: All this because of a small wooden car at 9 years old
  7. @DECODED-g4f: His dream come through , so passionate about what he want
  8. @sardarUmairSarkar: Getting rejected by Lamborghini and Ferrari could’ve ended his dream.  Now he owns one of the most exclusive car brands in the world. That’s what real determination looks like.
  9. @SelfGrowthHabits: There should be a part 2 regarding how he transformed from sweeping floors to steering production.
  10. @nestoralegre6125: It's fair to say that Argentina also rejected him.. he's been more years in Italy than Argentina now
  11. @LincoM88DO: It is the Ugliest interior design in automotive industry, And his engine was made by mercedes benz., That  is nothing in special on this car nor on the design as well. Just a expensive ugly car like G Wagon is lol
  12. @SpakwariumWawa: Lamborghini was born out of Ferrari's rejection and Pagani was born out of Lamborghini's rejection
  13. @WilliamRiding-cc7vr: I think with all intilectual property companies prefer it comes to them internally and occasionally it can come from an outside source but this is usually where you on your own and yave to fund and resource yourself,its the final kick in the guts from the big boys.
  14. @Khunlem: I thought he was from italy
  15. @airgaborpara3824: Ratio like 6:1, Horatio is not the feckin same. US people Pronounce it completely wrong
  16. @AA-eq5wk: what comes around goes around unless you recognize the need to change direction beforehand
  17. @Zombine2514: Humble beginning to the most valuable azienda automobilistica to produce works of art
  18. @narra_rakesh_2021: Ferrari -> Lamborghini -> Pagani
  19. @maklaren811: When u make a video based in Italy, u better make your research in Italian pronunciation of the words. Ayayayayaya
  20. @Mx.BaestReacts: From janitor to Engeners, Nahhhhhhhhhhh

- Toronto filmmaker’s documentary ‘Supercar Saints’ now in consideration for an Academy Award HD: Kind: captions Language: en I've been feeling sick the last couple days, so I have to do this for my back. But I want to make sure you got this message. Be yourself. And when you're really fond about, never give up, >> cuz that's been >> I can't wait for people to watch this film. Supercar Saints is a feature documentary telling the incredible story of a Toronto boy born with a brain disorder, growing up in poverty, finding strength and purpose through some unexpected encounters, and the local supercar community. And joining us live now today is the director of the film, James, and Steven Spice to talk about this film. Thank you for joining us this morning. This is incredible. Uh I'll start with you. Uh James, Supercar Saints now officially in Academy Award uh consideration. I know your first film that you made in 2005 was out in theaters. Uh but how does it feel to know that your film that started here in Toronto is now up for this big honor? I mean, it's amazing to be recognized because when I was in the moment of making this film, I was just trying to follow the story and put together a great film and I I think we're kind of underdogs because it's not, you know, we have pro wrestling and we have supercars and we have uh MMA fighter in it. So, I thought it >> it wouldn't be highbrow enough in terms of but we we have such an amazing story with Steven and uh the other characters in the film that it just people are very touched emotionally. You know, this is a very kind of testosterone film because of the cars and everything, but a lot of mothers love this movie. >> Wow. Yeah. And it is getting high praise. I mean, eight and a half rating on IMDb, and those raters are not easy to please, so it must be good. Uh, let's turn to you, Stephen. Um, I know that it was kind of a chance meeting that brought you together with James to make this film, but you're the star of this movie and James has said that, you know, at the beginning of making this movie, he thought that you would find your hero, but at the end, you turned out to be the hero. So, what was it like starring in this? >> Of course, you're going to be bush like I like [laughter] like stop. You're really flattering me. Like, can I say that? >> Um, it was it was amazing. It was like insane seeing him walk into the room, feeling his presence. >> John Cena. Yeah, it was insane and it was super fun and he was such a nice guy. So funny. So >> like he gave us all time and it was amazing. It was so fun. >> Mhm. And and what did you think of meeting some of these owners of these supercars? Did they kind of break your expectation of what an owner of like a Porsche or a Maserati or these fancy fancy cars would be like? What similarities did you discover that you had with them at the end of the day? Um, well, some of them liked wrestling after I showed them how I was. In the movie, we saw Swash go to wrestling and some of them helped me with my journey. Prov, he helped me get up with my journey. Help me meet John Cena in the movie. >> Yeah. >> And I that we all go through something. The similarities that like Prav, he's battling through some some in real life stuff. >> Okay. >> And we all go through something and Swash is a single father. >> Wow. >> I I I've discovered that the similarities that we have is we are all going through something. There's nothing there's nobody that's just perfect and we all go through something. So, treat everybody the same. >> What a great message. And James, uh you didn't have this idea to pair kind of these high-end vehicles with something as vulnerable as like a childhood illness, but somehow that came together. What was the moment that it clicked for you that you were like, "Wow, Steven is the story and he's going to bring something out of these fancy car owners." >> Yeah. When you do documentary, you don't know what's going to happen. super wildf um so one of the characters Swash takes Steven uh to a pro wrestling match and afterwards they're walking out and there's like this very just honest moment in between them where they're just talking and they forgot the camera's there and you can see them bonding and that's like That's one of the most emotional moments for me in the film because up until then they kind of the supercar owners kind of kind of come across as arrogant and this and that and you start to see this other side and you realize that Steven's bringing this other side of them out. So by the end of the film you you look at them completely different than you do at the beginning and that's all because of Steven which is a remarkable thing because he is a kid. >> He is. Yeah. And he's the catalyst to that arc. I wish we had more time to chat but uh Stephen I want to talk about your brain disorder. You are 14 years old right now going on 15. Yeah. You've had two brain operations. You have all this positivity gusto positivity for life. Uh you've also raised money for it. So can you tell us quickly about the disorder that you have and kind of your journey how you've you know come to be where you are today? >> I battled three incurable conditions. I battle kiari malf formations which has caused my brain into my spinal cord which is what's caused the brain surgeries. Mhm. >> And I battle um chronic regional pain syndrome which like a prick to me to you is like insanely intensive pain to me. >> And I have a searing to my spine which is like a blister inside my spinal cord which those are the three conditions I battle. And I've raised $30,000 for Sick Kids Hospital for K Research cuz I don't want anybody to go through what I went through when I was 5 years old. And I've raised $10,000 for kids that need them while Christmas time >> for while they're in hospitals during Christmas because I know that's like to not have a home while you're in Christmas. Well, it's supposed to be the jolliest time of the year. I know what it's like to be in the hospital. >> So, I I raise toys and stuff for kids in the hospitals. >> Wow. It's It's like you've lived a million lifetimes already for a kid so young. You're so impressive. Stephen, I hope people watch this film, get to know you better, and see the work and magic that you do. James, thank you so much for joining us. Happy holidays and congratulations. It was a pleasure meeting you both. Pleasure meeting you.

- I REGRET NOTHING! THE Luxury Items I Would Buy Again and Again | My Most Worth It Pieces: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, good morning and welcome back to my channel. Today we're going to do a video that is going to be quite interesting because it is about the pieces that if I lost I would reby without second guessing it. And that is actually quite of a big deal for me because usually when you buy something you test it out and you decide if it's like good, if you love it, if it's practical. Maybe it has a few things that you don't love, but you live with it. And there's just some pieces that you would buy over and over and over again because they're just so worth it for you. I'm going to focus mainly on bags, but I also have a few little accessories and things here and there that I also feel like for anyone that has followed me for a while, you will know that these are like uniform for me and I love them. But yeah, these aren't necessarily things that are my favorites right now, but I consider them to be special enough and like amazing enough to fall under this video category. But before I start into the bags, I want to talk about the jewelry that I'm wearing today. And actually the other day I posted on my stories a picture on a restaurant and I got so many questions about this specific pair of earrings and they are actually from Idol. You guys know that I love love love Idol. These earrings and this necklace too were part of like a special occasion drop that they did and that I missed on. So I was not able to get them back in 2025. So basically what they do is that they do special drops of different types of pieces. This one that is a cherry choker and these earrings are the hoops. They're modular. They're fantastic. They sold out so fast so I was not able to get them. However, they are going to relaunch them in May with other drops too. But yeah, just PSA. They're going to be available again. If like me, you kind of missed out and you were hoping for them to come back, they are thankfully going to come back. So, I ended up choosing my favorite pieces. So, explaining the earrings first. These are the diamond hoops. I got them in yellow gold. And I think this is such a good example of something classic but still modern. I love hoops anyway because they're the most comfortable to sleep in. They just don't stab you on the back. So, every single time that I see a pair of hoops that I love, I literally jump on them because they're the most comfortable, at least for me. So, they have the hoops in solid gold or they have the one with the diamonds. I I had to go with the diamonds. And then this pair of shaped diamonds that you see dangling right here. This is the pho attachment. So, they have a whole range of different attachments that you can add to your hoops. So, you can buy one set of hoops, different attachments to basically jazz it up or you can wear them by themselves that I also feel like it's such a classic. can never go wrong with that type of look. And that's something that I just love so much about Idol, the modularity, the fact that I have one stud and I can make hundreds of different choices on how I want to mix and match it and sometimes something for the earrings. You can also use it as a necklace. It is such a beautiful smart brand made by amazing amazing woman. And then the other piece, this one, I actually talked about it when it first dropped, but the drop went so fast. This is a cherry choker. And this one is so romantic. I think it's so me. This one has pear-shaped diamonds that dangle. Like it kind of feels like a cascade. It catches the light beautifully. And it's a very elegant necklace that can also be very casual, but in a very simple way. So, it's not too much, but it's also not super minimal. And that's usually the sweet spot that I'm looking for when it comes to jewelry. So, I'm going to be linking them on the description box. They're also going to have a Mother's Day sale that's going to be 20% off. And these styles are actually going to be part of it. So, I think this would make an amazing gift for anyone in your life or just for yourself. I really love my idol pieces. They're always so beautifully made and I love what the brand stands for. So, yeah, I just wanted to show you the newest additions that I have for my jewelry collection and I hope that you guys like them as much as I do. I also do have a discount code with Idol which is Jasu Luen in case you guys want to use it. But yeah, going into the bags, I think I'm going to start with the one that I would consider to be my favorite prettiest and like dream bag that I thought that I was never ever going to own and also why. So, I actually have come a really long way when it comes to my style and the things that I think I can use. I was always under the impression that I was not like feminine enough that I could own and wear a bag like this. Like, I was actually pretty much against pink. And I don't know how many people are going to be able to relate, but I grew up basically being a tomboy. I loved sports. I did sports for my entire childhood. Like I was sailing since I was like 5 years old to when I was 22. And during all the time, all like my focus and effort would always go into sport. So I didn't really care about how I dressed, how I looked. It was just not a priority for me. And fashion was just like something that I did always like, but I always saw it like as something that I would appreciate from afar and not really think about for myself. And a big person in my life that really brought like fashion to me was my grandma. And she would always tell me that I would look so pretty in pink and I was so against it. So for me it was blue. Actually my favorite color when I was little it was actually gray. And that is really weird. But during all these years, I've started to like rediscover the things that I like and how I perceive myself and I'm just at the point where if I like something, I don't need to ask anyone's permission to own and use a pink bag. My pink Chanel is also one of my most favorite bags. Now I have so many pink clothing pieces, shoes, dresses, and I think it's something healing in me that I'm allowing myself to be in like this, I don't know, soft, more girly, feminine era of my life. So with all that said, the Birkin 25 in Rose Sakura Swift leather gold hardware was for me one of those bags that you always have saved on your Pinterest board. you always have like on the back of your mind if you ever see someone on the street wearing it or a picture on Instagram. I was always like in awe of the bag, but I was like 100% convinced that I was never going to be able to pull it off. So, I always kind of loved it from a distance kind of. Also, it's a piece that is really hard to come by. This bag is from 2015 and I got it from Brits for my 10y year anniversary with my husband. One year wedding anniversary, but 10 years together basically. And I know that it sounds super super silly because it's just a pink bag. I know and I'm aware this just was like a really big deal for me because I just felt so happy and I use it so much and this bag just like I feel like it represents me quite well and I'm so happy every single time that I use it. Like I love using this bag so so much. I love looking at this bag, styling it. I don't know if anyone else that has a handbag collection has like that feeling with a bag in your own collection, but for me this one has to be it. And I think I would say that this is my favorite bag in my entire collection more than my mini Kelly's. And that's just because I feel like this one is more special and I love it. Like the color surf leather is their most amazing in my opinion. Like I love this and I love box so much and I barely use neutrals nowadays. Like I try to gravitate towards color so much more and I'm so happy about it. But yeah, this is the first one that I would go run and reby even though that I know that it would be really really hard because it is almost impossible to get. Number two, this is my Amato Dell Rabiola bag in the constellation if I remember the name correctly. This one is no longer made. It was like a limited edition from Amato Dell and it's in this beautiful velvet and as you can see it has like stars and it literally shines and it's like a coin purse that I love so much. You can open it up like this and it has a strap that I like using it as a short shoulder bag. The thing is that I don't know if I would ever be able to get this again. I would probably call Daniel asking by any chance he can make another one for me. This bag is just joy. It kind of feels like magic. I call this one my Mickey Mouse magic hat from Disney. Kind of resembles that. And I love to use it for dinners. I always take it on trips. Like it is just such a fun bag. And the velvet is stunning. And it looks kind of vintagey because it's a coin purse. Every single time that I use it, I get so many questions about it because no one has ever seen like something like this. And I think it's just so special. And I do use it all the time. I really really love this bag. And I'm so happy that I ended up going for it because at first I thought that I was not going to have much occasion to use like a constellation bag, but it goes very well with anything for like a dinner night out. I took it to Disney with me, of course, and it was the perfect for the theme. But yeah, this is a number two. Well, of course that we were going to include the Chanel Pearl Mini from the 19 spring summer collection. Before I was this much into Hermes that Hermes colors are pink, but sometimes Chanel does things like this. I love pearls. I adore Chanel. Like at some point I was such a Chanel freaky fan that every single runway, every single new drop, I would just like scroll to see what was the best thing that I wanted and I would save and I would try to get it. Sometimes getting this bags, they tend to be like the special pieces from each collection. So it was nearly impossible. I would always call this one the one that got away because I did not get it until years later because you don't even see it. And well, we have it here. And surprisingly, it is also one of my most used bags and I have a lot of sentimental attachment to it because I got this bag right when I got engaged. So, it was like my wedding year bag. So, every single time that I was doing like something special, I would just bring this bag out. And at the beginning, I really thought that this was going to be like only a special occasion bag, that I was going to take really good care of it because I was scared that the pearls would fall off or anything would happen to it. But honestly, I've used this bag quite a lot. I've taken it to the park, to Disneyland on trips. I don't know at what point I lost the fear. When I feel like I want to use it, I just use it. And that for me is like the best feeling because I do have some bags that I am like so scared of ruining them or whatever. And for some reason like I don't have that with this one and I didn't want to put it on a pedestal. It's definitely not on a pedestal. This bag comes with me everywhere and I love it. I do this here so I can wear it as a short shoulder bag. It is not a secret that I don't love cross body bags. So this is how I like to wear it and it is super comfortable. It fits plenty, which is really surprising because it is a mini handbag, but I love it. And for the amount of times that I wore this one, it is in a really impressive condition to be honest. And I also feel like in an era that Chanel is so modern and different, this for me like represents Chanel in its core like Coco Chanel's Chanel, if you get what I mean. We knew that I had to include a mini Kelly and I was between this one and my white one, but I'm going to explain why I'm going to go with this one. And it is because it is in box leather and the one in clay, it's in Epsom. But this bag is like my staple. I feel like if I have to run to do something and I don't know what I'm going to wear and I don't know what I'm going to do, I'm going to grab this bag. If I'm traveling, I'm going to take this bag. In a practicality and choice driven standpoint, this is like the bag for me because it is the one that I reach out for the most. And I've had it for like 6 months now. And I like from the moment that I got it, I knew that this was going to be it for me. Even though I'm not really into black neutrals that much anymore. For me, this bag like Elman's box leather, it's the most beautiful thing that you will ever see. I adore it. And this one is new, but it kind of has like that vintage feeling because of the box leather. They're really, really hard to come by. And I just cannot express enough of how much I really enjoy using it and wearing it. I love it. It's just it's convenient. At least for me. I love using public transportation walking around. You can use this bag cross body and you can put it under your coat or you can just like have it cross body and I feel like very secure with it and at the same time I enjoy using it because it does fit my essentials. So it's just in general a great great bag and I absolutely love mine. I got it for my 29th birthday and I am absolutely obsessed with it. The moment that I got it, I knew that this was going to be my most used bag of this year and it's definitely going to be. Now, this is my go-to like for different occasions in the mini of course, but actually this bag always has stuff inside like it's never empty type of bag. And this is the Chanel 25 in the burgundy small caviar with the aged gold hardware. I was really hesitant to get this bag just because it was so trendy and I didn't know if it was going to live up to the hype because I'm usually not someone that goes for like the trendiest bags. I tend to go more for the classics and things that I know that I'm going to love no matter what. I tend to have like the same bag in just different colors because that's just the way that I am. This bag, I thought about it for a while and I went to try it on at the store a couple of times and I'm on a red kick. Like I really really like red and I really love burgundy and the pockets of this bag is amazing but guys like I don't even know what I have in here. So I have my O case 5, my wallet, but this is going to be also on this video. A hair clip, a hair comb. I don't know why I have a hair comb in here. Two hair ties. Doggy poop bags because you always need them. And my sunglass case that I don't even know where my sunglasses are. And on the pockets I have another poop bag. And we have more things on the other side. I have a pair of earrings and another ticket. So, I think showing you what's inside of the bag just like I think it represents very accurately how and how much I use this bag. It's definitely been a success and I think I would get it in more colors. Definitely. I think you can see the dog's tail wagging. And I think this is also a bag that proves that practicality matters. Like the main reason why I like this bag is not because of how it looks, even though I think it is a really really beautiful bag. It is definitely the fact that I can throw it in my shoulder and it has so many aspects that I love about it. First of all, the pockets. Frontal one always has my phone and apparently tickets. And on the back, I always have like some lipsticks, hair ties, anything. And I love how easy access is the middle. So you don't need to take the bag off. You can just reach for anything that you want. And it closes off with the drawstring. So in terms of pickpocketing, it's quite safe in that sense. It is also caviar, which is not my preferred leather, but with the fact that this bag is so convenient, I'm actually really happy that it is in caviar because I just don't worry about it. For me, this bag, I I don't have to think about it, and I really enjoy that aspect. This is 100% sentimental bag for me. This bag was made by Anatoli for my wedding. I've talked about this bag quite a lot, but basically, I love blue. I love satin. I love flowers. And this was basically my wedding in a bag. Everything was like blue and delicate and flowers. I'm being very repetitive, but you guys get what I mean. And it has my wedding date engraved here on the back. However, this is a piece that I don't think is replaceable. Like unless Daniela would be up to doing this bag again if anything ever happened to it that I would be absolutely devastated. This one I do use it only for special occasions because it is a satin bag. The handle is in satin. I want to use it and I will use it. However, I am hesitant sometimes because I just want to make sure that this bag looks pristine for as long as possible. Like I hope that I can be 80 years old and still own this bag and tell my grandchildren that I got this bag made for my wedding and that this was a day that was such a long time ago. There is so much that I feel about this bag and also it is Danielle's twin bag. It's absolutely amazing and I really, really love it. Now, of course, I had to include a green bag because if you know me, I love my pastels. But this bag, I am including it on this list mainly because of the color. Not really because it's a constance. It's just that I am so in love and so obsessed with. I think it's the most beautiful shade of green that I've ever seen on a handbag. This is the Constance 18 in gold hardware. Also in Swift, same as this one. Again, one of my favorite leathers. And I really do love the contents, but more than anything, I just love the color of this bag. It feels so fresh, so beautiful. There are certain colors from Hermes that I would also include here. Blue, Japan, Rose, Sakura, and there's way way more. Like I could talk about colors for days. I just love it. Every single time that I need a pop of green, this is the bag that I go to, and I would reby a bag in like whatever I could find. Doesn't have to be a constance. I'm happy with pretty much anything because I just love the color. I think it suits me so well and goes amazingly with pretty much anything in my wardrobe. So, for me, it's very easy to just pair this with pretty much anything. And when it comes to the constants, this is a bag that is so easy to travel with because it is a flat bag and it actually fits quite a lot because it opens like an accordion. So, you can fit a lot of things here. And I would have to say that this bag has the best cross body length I have seen, at least for me, that I am quite short. So, I have to give this bag that for sure. And the last bag is going to be the Ba Veneta Andamo in chocolate suede. And as you can hear, it's pretty much the same case than the Chanel 25. I think I have some snacks inside here. Yep. This is the bag that I was actually using yesterday. And these are some wasabi chips. Fun fact, I really love wasabi. And yeah, I'm not going to ramble that much, but it's basically the same case as the Chanel 25. It just fits a lot. It's such a wellthoughtout bag. I love using it. It's so comfortable. I don't have to think about it. Of course, this one is suede. So, if it's raining, I don't go for this one. And if it's a day where I feel like I want to take out a suede convenient bag, then I take this one. So, I was thinking to only do bags for this video, but I thought to include a few things that I consider that I keep rebying and in some cases I have rebought quite a few times. So, the first one will be my favorite perfume ever. This one is the one. If I had to always recommend just one perfume to have for the rest of my life, it has to be the Louis Vuitton Atra Rev. I just love the way that it smells. Nothing really beats it. I I love it. I've refilled it a couple of times now and I will keep refilling it until I don't know if one day I'm going to change my mind and it's not going to be my favorite perfume. But for now and for the past 5 years, this has been it for me. Of course, I use other perfumes, but like this is my my one. the Hermes Kelly belt. Actually, I lost this one once already and I ran to reby it. This is just the most practical belt. I love the fact that it's not a chunky belt. I love skinny belts and you can adjust it to any length that you want. So, this works perfect for pants. This works perfect for trench coats, for blazers, for dresses. I use it so much with night dresses, especially like black dresses that I want to cinch on the waist. This is literally my go-to. I love it so much and I would have it in every single color if they were just not super super expensive. But I just think that it's the best belt and I also love that it's like if you know you know. I don't love belts that have like the logo and this one kind of does but like not really. If you know me you know that the shoes are basically my uniform. If someone has to picture me with any outfit I think Chanel Ballerinas would be the shoe of choice and specifically the classic ones. I have two pairs. one that are completely destroyed because I use them for like 5 years till I run them to the ground. And these ones that are basically also on the way. I always manage to scrape the point of them, but I will keep buying the shoes. What I do is that I retire them. So when these ones are way too used that they don't look decent anymore, then I use them as like my walking the dogs, just going for a quick lunch, just like you know your everyday shoe that you don't care because I still use them because I truly find them to be the most comfortable shoe out there and the most convenient. I love the way that it looks. So yeah, I retire them. I don't get rid of them. And then I get another pair that looks a little bit better. And that's the one that I use when I want to go like out, do things, and I care to look um decentish. The other ones, if I showed you guys, I had to glue back the sole to the shoe because it was falling off. But honestly, like I I did use those shoes so much. And I have the ballerinas in other colors, but these are the most beautiful and I love them. So yeah, I will keep rebying them. Now, I am not a heel person, but these ones were a fantastic purchase. These are Jimmy shoes, and I got them actually at the outlet, and it's really rare for me to find heels in an outlet in my size because I am size 5 or 35. And actually, I'm not the biggest fan of like gold and silver, anything when it comes to clothing, bags, shoes. These ones, I tried them on and they were like the most comfortable thing ever. I got them for a wedding and now I just reach for them for so many different things. They really changed my mind regarding heels because I have so many stunning other Jimmy shoes reneels. The problem is that they were really high heels that were just not doable for me because I'm not used to it and I also don't like it and it's not me. Now, these ones once broken in, I can and I actually enjoy using them so so much. So, I would run and buy anything similar to this because I feel like they're so worth it. And when it comes to shoes, like sometimes luxury shoes will last you, I have a pair that has lasted me almost a decade and they still look pretty decent for something that you're literally running through the ground because they're shoes. So, yeah, in this case, I would recommend them. They're definitely definitely worth it. And the last thing that I'm going to talk about is going to be this wallet. I've gotten so many wallets, SLGs, in the past seven years. Like so so many. And this is the best wallet and probably one of the simplest ones that I've ever owned. I've had way bigger wallets, different colors, different brands, card holders, you name it. The snap card holder in Lumpskin. I swear by it. And mind you, this is an SLG in Lumpsking. And I just want to show you like in what a good condition it is. I've had this for years and years now and it is my wallet, the one that I use every single day. It fits cash, my cards. It is compact enough because I don't really like bigger wallets and fits on pretty much every single bag that I own. Also fits in my pocket and I love the fact that it's lambkin. I love the fact that it has like the classic flap look. It is just in my opinion the best wallet that you can find out there. So these are the items that I swear by and that I would always keep rebying. Again, some of them are a little bit more sentimental than the others, but I do feel like each and every single piece that I showed you has like a reason to be here. And yeah, if you have any questions about any of the bags pieces that I mentioned today, feel free to leave a comment. I would also love to know if you have any bags like or items under this category. I always love to hear you guys out in the comments. And if you're new to my channel, please consider subscribing and click the notification bell down below so you don't miss any of my videos. And if you're not done watching, I'm leave you two right here in case you want to check them out. Thank you and see you on the next one. Bye. Oh.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChiaraJade811 [18 likes]: Just a suggestion—I am not one to tell you what to do: Have you thought about resoling your classic Chanel Ballerinas instead of buying a replacement pair? I’m glad to hear you hold on to the ones you already have. Your grandmother was right, pink looks great on you.

Hope Ollie is recovering well and feeling better soon.
  2. @luxurycorner-o2q [5 likes]: Honestly this is the only luxury logic I support 😭 if you’d buy it again and again, then it actually earned its place. Wristova gives that same ‘worth reaching for’ bag energy without the scary price tag.
  3. @liyaah85 [3 likes]: can you do your top 10 favorite outfits please (like favorite casual outfit, favorite dress etc ) 💕
  4. @dr.zuzykitsune [2 likes]: I have that same rose sakura birkin, i just got it 4 months ago and it's such a dream!! I'm so obsessed with it! I think I can only top it if I bought an ostrich version of it lol
  5. @stefanieganzer5861 [2 likes]: Your dogs tale showing behind the couch… sweet ❤
  6. @lmgentry [2 likes]: You should try Louis Vuitton Symphony. It’s a gorgeous Spring/ Summer fragrance 💗
  7. @Kat-px6vf [2 likes]: The Chanel ‘19 S/S pearl bag is on my wishlist for this year 😭 it’s A-M-A-ZING and I always love how you style it. Also the poop bags in the Chanel bags 🙊 love love love
  8. @imbilliee [2 likes]: I use the same perfume!!!! Obsessed with it, I even engraved my bottle😂🩷
  9. @dreicher [2 likes]: A good cobbler can make your well crafted shoes (and some bags) look almost brand new! That’s why they are in business. From replacing leather soles (partial or whole), heels, heel caps, touching up black sole trim, repairing front leather peeling, color restoration and more!  I like to have them add thin Vibram rubber to the sole and heels on all my flats ( middle is left exposed).  It comes in different thickness and colors  depending on shoe and preference.  It keeps the sole protected and makes the bottom grippy and protects from water.  If you manage to wear it out, it can easily be replaced. Take a chance on one of you old pairs to test you local cobbler’s ability. You have nothing to loose. 😁
  10. @conniedaniels4739 [1 likes]: Pink is my favorite color.  Yes, I'm a girlie-girl.
  11. @erikaleaday: babes your makeup is sooooo cute in this
  12. @monicasalusa: i hate sports and still hate pink lol
  13. @AnabellBernot: That amato daniele bag is on the website
  14. @thepixietaless: Love the bags! 😍 An amazing vlog Darling. Sending magic and pixie-dust from The Pixie Tales 🧚🏻
  15. @vivianliang5018: 我结婚十周年时候 老公也是送了个粉色Dior我 粉色配金的真的挺好看
  16. @marianylararochalomes7323: Uhhuuuull! I lov this vibe❤ pink Hermes is my fav🙈😍
  17. @CapeCodBelle: Lou, what do you carry in your Mini Kelly? Is it true that a cellphone does not fit?
  18. @Cherrysmith2809: My favorite of all your collections is the Birkin in Rose Sakura. 💖  I have the same LV perfume (it will be different on every woman). It is so complex, alluring and long lasting, unlike some LV fragrances that are simple, but delightful. I am crushing on Heures d’Absence for that reason. The notes are mimosa, jasmine and rose. So fresh. It might be a good alternate for me.
  19. @arcilimccauley2113: I love all your collectionsz I have wallet Chanel classic caviar silver hardware one my favorite. Best ever I purchase for six ago pre-love. I don’t much now. ❤. Thank you for sharing you beautiful bag and I love to watch your Chanel. Takecare and have a great day. ❤
  20. @sparklefarter: Lou, I 100% agree with the Chanel flap card holder! Since I bought my first one, it's been non-stop use. Bought a second one and couldn't be more happier. A close second is the LV Rosalie which is similar + a coin purse. ❤ 
For bags, I love my lady Dior in mini and the Chanel Gabrielle hobo. The two different moods of me 😊

- WASTE OF MONEY: My BIGGEST Luxury Purchases (That I Regret): Kind: captions Language: en so you're wearing your bag and you get to the checkout and you're like oh let me just get my bag let me just get my bag and then has it done it yes I'm finding now that bags that have a huge logo on them aren't my thing that that's my problem I used to buy bags that were way too small and now I have a surplus of tiny bags that serve me no purpose whatsoever the two were not rubbing against each other that sounds dodgy I think most most of us at some point in our lives have had buyers remorse you know when you buy something and you're really excited about it and you're kind of like yay I can't wait to use it and you can imagine yourself looking fabulous wearing this one item then you get it home a few weeks pass and you're kind of left thinking oh kind of wish I didn't buy that and that's what I've got with quite a few things so I thought it could be quite fun to take a trip down memory lane I'm going to show share with you bags I yeah bags bags I wish I never bought oh my God I have wasted so much money and in the last couple of years this has been something about myself that I've become very aware that I used to do which is to buy things that for various reasons I'm going to come on to I didn't investigate them fully and then I'd keep them beyond the return date return period but also who really wants to go back into a luxury Boutique and ask for a refund you know even if you change your mind that's I would feel very awkward doing that so I end up keeping stuff out of a sense of being awkward anyway the first thing that I massively regret and I guess I have actually got a lot of wear out of this it's not that I bought it and never used it this has actually seen a lot of wear but it's the deal book tote and I don't know do I regret it I didn't regret it at the time and I've only come to regret it this year 2025 or actually summer 2024 you know when the Scandal came out where it was divulged that it cost like $50 odd dollars to make and I kind of wasn't surprised about it because it's not the most complex bag in the in the in the world like when you look at it really close up it's it it it is what it is but um I I went off it because I'm finding now that bags that have a huge logo on them aren't my thing and I need to caveat this I'm not saying that I'm never going to go and buy a bag again that has a logo on it I will I know I will but what I mean is bags like this where the logo is so huge and it's got the monogram all over it I'm kind of over them so this was a bag that I used to use all the time there's my little hand sanitizer think a bunny and I have not used this this year I switched to another bag um and this is sat doing not very much and I might even sell it I don't know so I need to have a think about it it's a great bag downsides to it are they're really heavy before you've even put anything in them the book tote is a heavy bag and yeah it just the ones that are in the oblique are faked like there's fakes everywhere of them and I know some of you are like back off fakes I like fakes that's that's that's fine you know each their own but I feel like it's kind of cheapen the bag I feel like it feels like quite a cheap bag now the next bag that I do regret buying is the come on bag from fendy now some of you might remember cuz I vlogged when I bought this I love fendy God they're nice in there uh you can you know shop and just relax they're so nice they're just they're just lovely fendy and hars are my particular favorite anyway I went in there when this bag first launched and I made a really big mistake with this bag what is it that I don't like about it that I regret the size I this bag comes in I think three sizes this is the smallest size I think there is like a micro version but this is the smallest size and I made an error it's too small for my my requirements everything is way too like all of my stuff doesn't really fit this bag and I really wish that I got the next size up but I didn't because I felt like the next size up looked like you know a sporen you know um what kind of like Scottish guys with Kilts wear that at sporen thing I felt like the larger size looked like one of those whereas this mini size just felt nicer but it's a bag I don't reach for it's a bag I don't use it is brand new I think I've worn this like once in fact I might not have even worn it I think I just bought it and then got it home and thought Oh it's too small it's just too small but do you know something it's such a nice bag it's such a nice bag it's so wellmade as well it's absolutely gorgeous I just wish I got the larger size I do like this color this was called Dove gray even though it's more of a taupe in my opinion but I wish I got the larger the medium size in the monogram this bag is just a full-on nightmare this is the Chanel boy bag I used to have two no three Chanel boy bags and this is the only one I have left because this kind of has sentimental value for me um it's a long story but things that are awful about this bag in my humble opinion and again feel free to disagree first of all they get a saggy bottom they are prone to it where this bottom bit pinches in can you see it's kind of like that middle section there is pinched in in the center and it's just because when you wear it over your shoulder your arm naturally sort of like tucks into it so it squishes it and it's really annoying but there's not really much you can do about it unless you just don't carry it that way but even when you're handling the bag like I'm just holding it like this and because of the size of this bag it does squid in the middle the other thing that drives me mad is see this see that there are these two toggy bits on the cross body strap when you wear this bag I actually don't want to do this to myself but for for all of you I'm going to do it okay so you're wearing your bag and you get to the checkout and you're like oh let me just get my bag let me just get my bag and then has it done it yes your hair gets wrapped around those two toggles and the amount of times I've been out and there's someone behind me in the queue like one me to hurry up and I'm at the front of the queue trying to pay trying to check out and the bags caught in their hair and it's all got a Soggy Bottom and it's all just a nightmare this bag it's not a bag I enjoy it's not a bag that I wear um but as I say this is the last one that I have left out of the three that I've bought in my lifetime the next bag that I well there are two bags that I regret that I don't own anymore and I regret them because because of a couple of things but also because I lost so much money on them when I sold them so the first one is the BGA Jodie bag I bought that I don't know when 2020 I remember covid was on at the time and I and I bought it cuz I wanted it so much because I I actually to this day still really love how that bag looks I really like it I love that slouchy nature of it but I remember getting it and using it I went went to an event and I used it for this event and I became aware pretty quickly on that it's a faf to to zip up so I was like not bothering and I went out this one particular evening on another occasion and the my phone fell out of my bag and someone had to come and tell me like your phone's on the floor and it's because this bag is like a vshape so it's like you and and it's very small and it's very narrow so if you don't zip it close cuz your stuff doesn't fit cuz it's very small it just spills out all over the place and I sold that bag and part of me does miss it because I I do I as I say I love the way it looked I probably should have got a larger size to be honest that might have fixed the solution but it's not you know I lost money on it it was a Brand New Bag when I saw it it was brand new um but I'm really pleased for the person who bought it because they got an absolute steal um and I remember talking to them at the time actually the person that bought it and um you may be watching if so I hope you're enjoying your bag but you were saying to me that you already had some others in different colors though and you were used to the size of it and what have you so for you you just wanted to get it in Black like a classic color so I hope you're enjoying it but yeah for me kind of wish I didn't get it the other bag that I sold is from goyard and it's the mini Saigon I regret this bag because so I went into goyard right and I was looking for the Saigon the one that's got the wooden bits on it and I go in there and it's quite exclusive in there there's not a lot on display and they've got these like pictures everywhere saying you're not allowed to take any pictures or um video anything it's all very like Hush Hush but I go in there and I spoke to this really nice lady and I was like told her what I was looking for and she said I don't have that bag you're after but I've got another one and I don't know whether this was part of the Spiel or not but she was like oh there's only like I don't know a couple left took me into this private room like pulled a curtain around it was very like I was like wow this bag like what is it made of gold or something anyway shows me this bag bag and it was so cute and I I will confess I got pulled in what am I saying I did I did get pulled in I wish I could have filmed it but you couldn't film in there I got pulled in by the hype that was created around this one bag and the fact that I had to go into a special little corner of the shop with a curtain drawn and no one else was allowed to look at it and there was only allegedly like a couple left or like one left or something and I and I bought it and then I got it home and I was just like this bag is a nightmare it was too small for a start I've stopped doing this now with the exception of that come on bag which I bought last year I do now actually empty my stuff out and make sure it all fits in the bag before I buy it but back then I didn't so anyway nothing fitted in it and also it like its weight ratio was off the handle was quite heavy compared to the bag itself and that's another bag I sold and lost money on and I um I did think when I bought that bag oh I'm going to be safe because it's this exclusive limited edition bag no you know so often there are definitely bags that are without doubt investment pieces and their prices just keep going up but there are other bags where with the best will in the world it's just not the case and I I hate losing money um so for me whenever I sell something and I make a loss I do shed a tear but yeah that kind of was like a disappointment moving on to Balenciaga I've got two Balenciaga bags I've had more in the past but these are what I've got at the moment and I I I lowkey regret regret them um I'm going to start with this what is this the city bag I think it's called the smallest size my stuff actually does fit in this and I do like this bag but I regret it because I feel like it was overpriced for what it is I remember buying it several years ago and I used one of my far-fetched coupon codes do you remember they used to give me those discount codes and I used to share them with with you all and you could get like 10% off stuff and it was really good anyway I got 10% off so it would would have been even more expensive only I did get a discount but I just feel that I paid too much money for this bag and I know if I sold this now this is a Brand New Bag look at that condition I remember using this once when I went to Paris and um it's sat in my cupboard pristine It's the leather smells so good it's a great bag but I just feel like I I just feel like I've overpaid for what it is and of course it's Balenciaga so it's like problematic problematic um but yeah I just I don't know it's not one that I maybe I should start using it again what do you all think about Balenciaga let me know the other bag from Balenciaga that I do and don't regret is this it's The Hourglass bag I only regret this because of the color the color caught my eye it was in the shop window at B Village this bag was £1,200 so reduced down and the B the the color the turquoise shade I store it and I was like I had to have this bag and I thought at the time that I could make this work and I probably if I really put my head to it like I probably could make it work but it's not a bag that I find easy to style it's very edgy but the color is a statement in its own right and I thought I struggle to make this work with an outfit but here's the thing it would this actually has never been used brand new dust bag it also comes with um like a cross body strap it's a beautiful bag it's absolutely beautiful like look at the inside look at that color it's got you know everything everything with it but um it would pain me it's even got look matte black Hardware on it it's a gorgeous bag but you know something it would pain me to have to sell this for anything less than what I paid for it it would pain me because it's brand new and then my final two regrets which probably won't be a big shock to those of you who watch but it's um it's these two from the Louis Vuitton muracami collaboration these are original bags from back in the day um and there's a Twist I do and I don't regret this I actually really like this bag and I'm looking forward to using it when it warms up a bit and I can wear some like pasty colors to pull this into a look but I am looking forward to using this only thing that um kind of annoys me about it is I did pay a a lot over for this bag more than what it was worth and I kind of didn't really realize at the time I I I saw it in Japan and I googled it when I was in the shop I always do this I thought I'm going to Google it cuz sometimes it's cheaper online couldn't find it anywhere there were a few on vest a collective but they were little bit more expensive so anyway I decided right I'm going to get this bag but you get the tax taken off in Japan right but you you pay tax when you bring it back into the UK so this bag cost me like nearly £1,800 and then I found it on luxury promise when I got back and it was like £995 and I know some of you have said to me the condition of this one looks better than the condition of that one but the fact is it was £995 and I spent nearly £2,000 on this bag so yes it's pretty but I've got regrets and then this one this I bought and I never used it and I never used it because I was so afraid of getting Dy transfer on it well guess what I got D transfer on it and I hadn't even been using it it was sat in the cupboard sat next to a dark colored handbag the two were not rubbing against each other that sounds dodgy but they were stationary and yet die transferred onto this bag I've shown you that a million times I'm not going to bore you with that again but I regret this bag it's really heavy I feel like the studs make it look quite dated one of you actually said that to me when I showed this in the last video you were like I think it's the studs that make it look really white UK in like a non-wearable kind of way um but yeah I regret it that was a 2,000 handbag back in like 20 2010 that was so much money back then for a bag and I think about what I spend 2K on now that's a nice trip away somewhere you know that's another bag that I won't get my money back on I would love to know do you have regrets are there things that you have bought and you look back on and you think I wish I didn't do it you know as I say I do have a lot of you from time to time a lot of you I do have a few of you actually saying to me why' you buy this stuff if you regret it tell tell you why because with a lot of the stuff that I buy I buy it and sometimes I use it straight away but sometimes I like to like save it I like to put it on the shelf and look at it and enjoy it from afar before I use it um and potentially damage it and it's normally not until I start using it that I realize the drawbacks of it and the things that I don't like about it and by that point it's normally past the point of return where I can get a get a refund or exchange but also I wouldn't particularly want to walk into Chanel and ask my money back on something unless something was broken I wouldn't really want to do that just as an example um again you might feel differently you might be someone who's like no I would have no problem doing that and that's just me I I would feel a bit weird doing that anyway I hope that you have enjoyed watching this video thank you all so much for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @spencercolish-patrick8569 [5 likes]: I love the city bag but I refuse to get anything Balenciaga. It’s frustrating bc it’s such a cute style but I can’t support that company, even this many years after their PR fiasco.
  2. @lily_doesstuff [2 likes]: I know for a fact that following the launch of the new LV X Murakami collection the general value of the bags from the first collection has increased, because right now they are coveted pieces. I think you can definitely sell your two bags for the original price if not more maybe get one from the new collection if you’re really like the idea of having a colourful LV bag.
  3. @melissachien1339 [1 likes]: I have the same Goyard and Bottega bags that you sold. I actually really like mine and the size is perfect for me when going out for dinner, etc. But i don't really carry around too much stuff!
  4. @goodvibesonly077 [1 likes]: Sophie question on the bag that you paid taxes on, why wouldn’t you just bring it back like it was yours, like you took it from uk to japan for holidays and bringing it back, why did you declare it as you bought it in japan? Who would have known you bought it there if you were not to declare it? I wouldn’t keep any boxes/receipts for it in this case but i doubt anyone would really check…
  5. @Truth1561: The Fendi is gorgeous.
  6. @smcrmxny99: It’s not the city bag from Balenciaga. It’s the neo cagole.
  7. @caeciliam.2441: The Fendi bag is so beautiful.
  8. @jellybeanparis584: Could you do a Vlog showing Tariffs from fall 2024, showing the tariffs charged by France sending goods to the USA please.
  9. @katconnor6422: I regret purchasing my Chanel quilted pumps. They are insanely high and uncomfortable.
  10. @highonmac: I’ve wanted that Balenciaga Neo classic city bag FOREVERRRR 😭😭😭
  11. @michellewasthere: Think carefully before buying trend bags that are too small. You dont have much choice but to sell the bags you just can't use or don't like. It's worth clearing out.
  12. @shebaglover3986: The Louis Vuitton multicolored monogram bags are absolutely beautiful
  13. @KerCoghi: Yo tenía más fé en mi de tener bastantes tendencias pero resulta que no 😅

1- Trajes ❌
2- Chaleco ❌
3- Camisas grandes ✅
4- Camisa a rayas ❌
5- Corbata ❌
6- Pantalón amplio ✅
7- Tote bag ✅
8- Jeans relax/rectos ✅
9- Abrigo de pelo ❌
10- Botas altas ❌
11- Conjunto de punto ❌

Me tocará ir de compras pronto xq si me enamoré de algunos estilismos que mostraste con las que no tengo!
  14. @kaicruz9912: The whole thing about how a Dior Book Tote only costs a few dollars to make is the best example of how fake news can just spread like wildfire and the mob mentality of it. 

First of all, the official police statement did not indicate which exact bag they were referring to but people just jumped into conclusion that it was the Book Tote. Some people even concluded it was the Lady Dior and that’s so inaccurate! 

Second of all, the police statement said it was the cost TO MAKE. That means that’s just labor/assembly cost.

It was never broken down in terms of how much materials costs, etc etc. the factory was part of just ONE aspect of the assembly line. That’s not how you cost goods. 

Third, we never heard Dior’s side on the costings and the bag in question. It was one sided, but here we are just accepting this fake news as if it was gospel truth.
  15. @shadyannagrissom8088: Only online ordered eggplant bag and was different material that I got sent sad gave it away
  16. @4lb280: We definitely have different tastes in bags, but I do have CHANEL boy bags.  I love them, but I always have to worry about scuffing the inside of the flap when reaching for something if I'm wearing rings. They've never caught my hair though.
  17. @telemasca: I once had one too many and bought a yellow Balenciaga shopper with Simpsons print. Trash! It’s still buried deep in my closet so that I don’t have to be reminded that I’m a complete idiot.
  18. @missnancy69: send hubby to refund if you cant
  19. @ichiban6004: You’d feel weird returning something at Chanel cuz you don’t want them to think you’re poor lol the way yall act like you’re not classist is so funny
  20. @OwingsBabicz: Just bought a stunning bag from :yt: esluxy :yt:. It’s elegant and classy, and the quality is fantastic.

- 10 Things I Regret Buying as an Ex-Shopaholic: Kind: captions Language: en Six years ago, I was a full-blown shopaholic in over $120,000 of debt. And I realized that if I didn't make any changes, then I was going to be a broke girl cosplaying rich in a Gucci belt with nothing to show for it for the rest of my life. Today, I'm completely debtree and I have totally overhauled my relationship with my shopping and myself. So, in this video, I want to throw back to the 10 dumbest purchases I made at the peak of my shopping addiction. I'll share why I bought them and what I learned from them so that you don't have to make the same mistakes I did. Starting with the first dumb purchase that I feel like kind of started it all, the Gucci slides. I remember being absolutely obsessed with these. Now, don't roast me because when I was like in the peak of my shopping addiction, we were in like full-blown 2016 Instagram world where every single influencer had these slides and the Gucci belt to match. And I did end up buying them. But I also remember telling myself at the time like, "Oh, don't get used to spending $500 on shoes now." And I also remember kind of being like, "So rich people buy these shoes and one, they're kind of uncomfortable, and two, you still have to pay extra money to get them resold. They were leather and they were so slippery. So, I actually remember also being shocked that like you pay so much money for this designer elite kind of brand of shoe, but you still had to go and take it to your cobbler so that you could actually walk in them. I was trying to emulate like this fantasy self and all these cool influencers that I thought had made it and this was like a signal to others that I had made it too, which I didn't really know about at the time. I think when I was in the peak of my shopping addiction, I never really thought about if a piece would have any longevity in my wardrobe. I was really just focused on like the instant gratification of getting them and trying to fit myself into a mold that I thought I should fit in to feel successful and cool and chic. Next were monthly clothing hauls. If you go back to the beginning of my channel, then you'll see that the very first video I ever posted was an Aritzia haul, followed by a Zara haul, another Aritzia haul. I was just like out shopping at the stores pretty much every single week. But I just remember being such a regular at some of these stores that the girls started to recognize me. They knew my name. They started bringing me things that they thought I would like. And instead of feeling like I had kind of peaked when it came to shopping. I feel like some people think it's kind of cool to be a regular or for like your sales associate to know you and to text you when like new things come in, but for me, I was actually deep down quite embarrassed by that. But yeah, deep down I think I kind of knew that I was doing this too much and that I really shouldn't be doing it because behind the scenes of all this shopping, I was staring at my student loan debt and then seeing how much interest I had accured that month. So I was always just sort of floating in this world of like, oh, I'm stressed about money, so I'm going to go shopping to relieve that stress. I'm going to go shopping at my favorite store, drop $500 minimum because I'm a career woman now. I should be able to spend this money. And then I would kind of turn around, feel disgusted with myself, and then start that cycle all over again. At this time in my shopping, I was also really focused on quantity and really trying to keep up with the trends. I remember I was putting a lot of value and stakes on having the latest seasonal drops and wearing them while they were current instead of waiting for, you know, the next season to go by, getting something on sale, and perhaps wearing it the next season. and I needed to be on trend, on season right now, which meant I was also buying things full price a lot so that I could keep up. But I do really find it wild and fascinating how important and how urgent buying those things in the moment feels. This next one is actually the only thing I still own from the peak of my shopping addiction era. And if you're an OG to my channel, then you already know, but if you're new, then it is this amazing St. Laurent moto jacket. It's sick. I love it. It's really, really cool. At least I bought this secondhand. I've always been like a moto jacket girl. And I remember seeing this one in particular at the time on a couple of influencers that I followed and I just loved it. I just had to have it. And I was starting to get into designer brands for some reason, even though I was like $90,000 in student debt at the time. Always worried about money. But I mean, and I found myself getting into situations like this a lot, especially when I started discovering the secondhand market, shopping on places like Dep Depot and Poshmark, things like that, where I would like message the girl and be like, "I'm 100% in. Let's do it." And I almost felt like I couldn't back out. So, I felt like I was really stuck in the situation and I just like had to go through with it and buy the thing. I remember having that kind of feeling when I bought this and transferred the money and did all of that. Um, but I also just remember knowing the whole time that like just knowing that I shouldn't be doing this, knowing that I shouldn't be spending this money on this jacket. It was like money that I happened to have kind of set aside in savings. And at the time, I just like I couldn't keep my money. I remember like making progress in this savings account and being like, "Wow, like maybe I can travel or I can put this down on my debt or like look, I can save." But then I would kind of find ways to self- sabotage and just like screw it all up for myself and just feel absolutely ill after making the purchase. And I would almost try to find situations where I couldn't get out of it like such as buying secondhand. Like you can't really return it. It's a final sale. Once you get it, you get it. I still keep this jacket because I do genuinely like it. Sometimes I feel like this is a bit obnoxious. Like the full-blown Saint Laurent kind of logo here, but overall the shape of this jacket is beautiful. The structure is beautiful. Uh here, let me try it on. It's good. And it's kind of like the last thing that I think I do plan on keeping for quite a while in my post shopping addiction era. But you know what? Despite how ill I felt buying that moto jacket, it wasn't enough for me to change quite yet. I wasn't ready. And that's when we get into this next purchase that I actually credit in completely transforming the trajectory of my life. And I'm kind of embarrassed to say it, but it's these Chloe Susanna boots. I remember being obsessed with these boots for so long. These boots were everywhere. They were also on all of like the influencers that I followed at the time. Remember, we're talking this is probably like 2018, 2019 at this point. There was also a Netflix show. I can't remember what the show I think it was called Love, something like that on Netflix. It was kind of like a romantic comedy with this like cool girl from LA, but she was wearing these boots in one of the episodes and I just remember absolutely dying for them. You know, I found every single which way to convince myself to buy them. And they were on sale on Essence at the time and I thought, you know what, I'm never going to get a better deal than this. And I bought them. But at the time, they were also more money than my rent and I knew I couldn't afford them. But instead of returning these boots, which I had every right to do, all the windows of opportunity were open. I could have returned them. They were unused, unworn, new in the box. Instead, I put them under my bed, put them away, and I kept them. And it was in that exact moment that I knew that I couldn't keep living like this. I could feel the self-sabotage. I could feel what I was doing to myself. And I just knew that if I didn't change now, then nothing was ever going to change. I was always going to feel broke and struggling about money for the rest of my life. I was never going to be able to pay off my debt and I was never going to be able to do all the things that I dreamed of doing in my life or to just I don't know to do anything because all of those big goals, a lot of them are tied to money. And I was finding every which way to spend it basically almost to punish myself because I didn't like myself. I was trying to buy my way into feeling confident and liking myself. But all I was doing through my behavior was proving to myself of how much I didn't care about myself or my future self. So it was actually in buying those boots and recognizing that self-sabotage in myself that I decided to start paying off my debt. That was the moment that I got so angry and so upset with myself. So really, if I didn't get those boots and do that to myself, I wouldn't be where I am today. I thought I would keep these forever as like a momento, but I did end up consigning them a couple of years ago. So, I no longer own these. So, when I was sort of brainstorming and trying to think about all the dumb that I bought, what I would really kind of come to learn is I basically just like fixated on things. I fixated on a problem and then I basically spent all of my time trying to buy the solution. And I kind of forgot about this for a long time, but I spent so much money trying to find a matte foundation that got rid of all the shine on my face. Remember that the depth of my shopping addiction was in like 2016, 17. That was the era of the Instagram eyebrow, the full beat of makeup. Matte foundation was the look back then. And not only did I try pretty much every single matte foundation on the market, we're talking like Maybelline, we're talking Too Faced, Tarte, you know, all the like OG makeup guru foundations. But I would buy the full-size ones, too. And not only did I think I was solving some problem where I basically wanted my face to look like chalk, like I wanted to be that matte, no shine whatsoever. I would spend hundreds of dollars buying full-size foundations to use them maybe a couple of times, realize that my skin still looked oily at the end of the day. So, I thought, "Okay, this one didn't do the job, so now I got to try the next one." Is that I would kind of search for problems and then spend money and buy things to try to solve them. And, you know, at the time, I guess blotting paper or powder never really occurred to me, which kind of ties into the next stupid purchase, and that was just things that I bought in general. But I wanted the YouTube guru makeup collection. If you're a millennial, then I think at one point all of us dreamed of having those IKEA mom drawers completely full of makeup. You wanted a full drawer for blush, full drawer for lip liner, full drawer full of makeup palettes. Like that was top tier goals for me at one time in my life. I'll show you a clip of my very first makeup declutter where I thought that this was a flex to have my desk drawer completely full of makeup. And looking back on this makeup collection, I'm pretty proud of myself because I feel like we've come a long way since then. Now my makeup fits into two makeup bags. One that I kind of store the whole collection in and then one that I use for travel and like my everyday makeup look. And I'm very happy with the current size of my makeup collection. But what I love about my makeup collection today is that everything pretty much gets use. I've been rotating through my makeup and enjoying it and it's the right color for me. That's the one that's the other thing. So much of this makeup that I used to own were all these like warm tone golden tone. Uh it was when like those orangey kind of red sunset eyes were like really popular and I didn't know that I was neutral to cool toned at the time. So, a lot of my makeup that I used to wear made me look ill. It made me look salow and gaunt and just was not right. So, not only was I wasting all this money trying to build this collection that I never used, but also everything was just like the wrong color on me. But yeah, had that Sephora Rouge status for a really long time. And I thought that was a flex. The next stupid set of purchases that I made were it's kind of more of a general thing. I thought I was being a sustainable queen. I thought I was being savvy and saving money and being good for the environment, but turns out that in a lot of secondhand and vintage shopping that I used to do, I was just satisfying my shopping cravings. In my early 20s was when I was kind of introduced to secondhand shopping for the first time and realizing how many cool things you could get for dirt cheap. And today, I know that secondhand first is kind of the preferred route if you can. But at the time, I was still focusing on quantity rather than quality and really just being thoughtful and careful about what I was buying. It is sustainable. It is a great way to shop, but I learned that I think it's still best done with a little bit of a plan in mind because I'm going to be quite frank here. Thrifting is not going to solve your shopping addiction. If you feel as consumed by consumption as I did back then, then thrifting and shopping secondhand almost feels like a hack so that you can keep doing what you're doing with fewer financial consequences. But at the end of the day, especially the way I was doing it, it was still me just seeking out sources of cheap dopamine. It was ways for me to fill up my closet even more. And I thought I was like building a cool eclectic style at the time, but really I was just collecting stuff because I couldn't pass up how cheap it was. Nowadays, when I do shop secondhand, I always shop with something in mind. I keep a wish list. And I'm more than willing to walk away from something if it's not exactly what I'm looking for. Here's a series of dumb purchases that I made when I was absolutely fixated on becoming the fantasy version of myself. and it was buying multiple Anenina Bing t-shirts. There was a time where I was just obsessed with Anina Bing specifically. I thought that her style was so cool, so effortless. It was everything I wanted to be. But these t-shirts were an example of, you know, if I like it, then I'll just buy it in another color. So, I started out with one t-shirt. I loved it. So, then I thought, you know what? I need another one and another one and another one. And before you know it, I had 10 of the same but slightly different graphic TE's that all said Anina Bing on them. And what I noticed in this behavior was that I just couldn't feel happy with having one or two really good pieces, t-shirts, whatever it is that I loved, I needed to have all of them. I just really remember that frantic feeling and just again trying to buy a version of myself that I thought I wanted to be. This next one I think many of us can relate to and that is simply FOMO. If a sale was going on, you better believe that I was participating. I almost took pride in catching any deal that I could or getting these big hauls and saving, you know, like 20%, 15%. Like it felt like a flex. Truly, I wasted thousands of dollars over the years doing that because of my inability to say no or to discern what I actually was saving money on versus the things that I just thought I was. Nowadays, I think you can use a sale as a tool because if you had no plans on buying that thing in the first place, by the time it goes on sale, you're not saving any money. So, I think it's just more important to really be discerning about sales and use them to your advantage rather than getting caught up in them. And number 10 was basically my apathy. My entire apathy towards my debt. I found alongside my shopping before I started to get into these bigger, more high-end, higher ticket purchases, I'd often just tell myself like, "Oh, what's another $100 on $120,000 of debt anyway?" Or, "Uh, $50 here. it's not a big deal. Like I would find all and any way to minimize what I was doing and just thinking that these little tiny purchases wouldn't add up over time when spoiler alert they actually do. And for a lot of people if you aren't in a big chunk of debt like I was, that's how debt even accumulates. It really can be death by a thousand cuts. And before you know it, it really adds up and you have no idea how you're going to pay for it. And that was dumb because by the time I was ready to tackle my loans and tackle my spending behavior, I had a way bigger problem to deal with than when I even started. So, the thing is, even if you avoid making all these dumb purchases like I did, it's not going to save you unless you address your habits. And a lot of these are probably draining your bank account without you even realizing it. So, watch this video next where I outline the 15 habits to stop your overspending for good. And you know what? Sharing is caring. So, let me know some of the dumb you bought in the comments down below and what you learned from them. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Christinamychas [122 likes]: What are some things you bought that you kinda regret, but also learned a lot from - let me know!
  2. @EdieBryan [1 likes]: Influencer culture really messes people up. Trying to find confidence through emulating YouTubers and fashion influencers. It’s so toxic 😢 Very easy to fall down that rabbit hole.
  3. @galadrielwiggins1170: The make up resonates with me.  I have so much make up that I have not opened. I've been throwing things out if I don't use it or ig it's old.
  4. @Caslin74: Thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing for others to break a cycle
  5. @MammaMia86: The girls at aritzia know me too, but this is post debt pay off. I go in and tell them my budget and they work really well with it and don’t judge… my budget is usually between $500 or $1,000 but once per quarter and I do save for it.
  6. @thatukrainiann: i love your necklace 🇺🇦! 😊
  7. @jxslyng: That frantic feeling of needing every variation in one piece was so hard to overcome & it just feels so stupid saying it out loud
  8. @KittieGreen: I purchased Chloe boots and they are so uncomfortable and I've had to resole them - dumbest purchase ever. Kurt Geiger slides ruined after two wears 😂 I have kept both of these shoes as reminders.
  9. @Aliensatemyface: Now I tell myself that I’m not a walking billboard, so I buy things without big brand logos on them
  10. @EveKatharsis: Its a weird and brutal mix of denial and self-loathing.
  11. @liyameksoh: Im a broke student and everytime i got my allowance, i will scroll tiktok or any platform like temu or shopee just to buy things that i genuinely dont need atm specifically make up and skincare. The addiction making me anxiety for thinking that i dont have enough money to survive for the next month but i kept buying things whenever they're on sale and making me though, "oh maybe if i buy this moisturiser my skin will be better" and ended up just wasting money and sitting on the shelves waiting for the expiry date.
  12. @MissElle0202: Thank you for sharing ❤❤❤ such an important conversation.
  13. @JayneTOR16: When you said how you would be fixated on a problem and used shopping as the solution - that resonates with me. For the last few years, I’ve been dealing with medical weight fluctuations due to a health condition and I thought the solution was to buy an entire wardrobe of clothes everytime my weight would go up or down. And on top of that, I was also keeping all old, barely used clothes. I also travel a lot and I’ve gotten into the habit of buying new outfits for each trip - I’m trying really hard not to do this right now because practically I have everything I need for travel to most places in the world across multiple seasons. I think I get swept up in the magic of traveling to somewhere new and building outfits for a fantasy self but it adds more stress as I’m preparing for a trip as I wait for things to come in a t the last minute and then upset when some things may not fit. Going to Hawaii next week and I’m challenging myself to not buy any new clothes! Fingers crossed
  14. @geslinam9703: When it comes to clothing, which has always been my biggest problem, I like the whole “French girl” thing…even though I think it is just another form of BS/marketing - but I like the idea of sticking to classics, natural fibers, a limited palette.  And agree with you 100%, have a plan, even when thrifting.
  15. @JTTW1455: In my third year of university I never wore the same outfit twice.
  16. @Vicinfi: Key takeout of this video - stop watching influencers and people who you don't know in general. It gives you wrong ideas about what life is.
  17. @raquelvazquez3556: I actually thrifted faux gucci slides for $5 they look literally identical! I Adopted the bougie on a budget mentality!
  18. @Sofi97videos: I have to be honest, I have never spent so much money on one particular item, but I used to buy so many really poor quality clothing that looked good maybe 3 times and then it just stayed in my closet collecting dust… nowadays I at least try to look at the materials and think of quality a bit more
  19. @MindyMiller: I have a very similar experience as I moved from my 30s to my 40s.  Still single, buying things to make myself feel better about my situation.  Fast forward to turning 45 this year and moving in with the love of my life…. I’m embarrassed by the terrible financial decisions I made to accumulate “things” to fill an empty void I felt I was missing.  

I recently sold my house and threw away so much stuff I accumulated over a decade of poor financial decisions.  My discovery of the Nordstrom sale via you tube was one of the worst things to happen to me during that time in my life.  

I now have to use 100% of the profit from my home sale to go into this next chapter debt free with a partner who doesn’t deserve someone who will make these poor decisions again in the future.  

I spend my time watching over consumption and financial planning content instead.  Thanks for the video!  I 100% relate.
  20. @Katakumby16: Damn I’m lucky I would feel bad wearing logos like that. So I will never buy gucci Lv or this jacket or any trendy pricey stuff cuz I kind of feel shame xd I notice a lot of people with this stuff are broke so I will fell broke wearing that.

- Things I REGRET Buying Since Becoming An Influencer...: Kind: captions Language: en - Hi, sisters. James Charles here. And welcome back to my YouTube channel. You guys, for today's video I am so beyond excited because we're going to be chit-chatting. Taking a little trip down memory lane. And also getting a little bit shady as well. Because I wanna talk to you guys all about the different things that I regret buying since becoming an influencer. My friend Alisha Marie uploaded a video like this a couple of weeks ago. And I thought it was really, really interesting to watch her go through different things that she's bought in over the past couple of years. And talked about how she wished she had spent her money in different ways. When somebody gets famous or shoots into the spotlight really quickly as like, an influencer, or a celebrity usually a lot of money comes with that as well. Which is a super exciting time because of course you now have access to all these fun, luxurious things that you didn't have in the past. Houses, cars, jewelry, bags, et cetera, et cetera. But it can also be a really, really dangerous time as well because there's so many different trends to follow. And there's a lot of pressure to look a certain way or have certain things. And if you're not really, really careful you can start making dumb decisions, and just buying everything left and right. I'm really lucky that I've always had a great team around me that have helped me make smart financial decisions and investments. But that being said. There are still quite a lot of things that I have spent an ungodly amount of money on over the past couple of years. You guys, I'm talking up to hundreds and thousands of dollars down the drain. So today I wanna talk about all the different things that I regret buying since I became an influencer. Let's get into it. (upbeat music) Okay, you guys. So the first thing that I really wanna talk to you about today... Oh God, this is gonna pain me, but I need to include it in this video. Is the classic, the thing that every influencer has in their closet at some point, the Cartier Love Bracelet. Now, mine is currently unscrewed. It's in two halves. But normally this comes together to make the bracelet that literally every single person, every single celebrity has worn on their wrist at some point including myself. They got really popular 'cause there was like one picture of Kylie where she had like 10 on one wrist. And everyone's talking about how she could pay off their college tuition with like the bracelets alone. And this was definitely something that I bought because I just felt like it was the trendy thing to do. This bracelet cost me... Should I? I should say the prices, right? - [Trevor] Yeah. - I have to say the...(laughing) This cost me a whopping $6,000 for this bracelet. And I'm not gonna lie to you guys. I, of course, I think it's like a pretty piece of jewelry. But I really only bought it because it was like the popular thing to do. And I felt like it was like necessary for me to just fit in with the in-crowd. - [Trevor] Does that have like diamonds on it? - Nope. It's literally just white gold. You know, the worst part about it? I do have the full diamond one. - [Trevor] How much is that? - $56,000. - Yeah. And but that, I don't know if I regret buying 'cause at least diamonds do hold their value. So at least I can justify it more. This is literally just a chunk of metal. Like a chunk of metal for $6,000. Stupid. You can get the same thing from like fake jewelry stores online, or on like the black market, or like in Santee Alley in Los Angeles. - [Trevor] Black market? (laughing) - Okay, I'm not literally, I don't literally- - [Trevor] Black market is where you get like kidneys. - I don't- (laughs) I don't literally mean like the black market, or the dark vibe. I just mean like you can get a counterfeit version for much, much, much cheaper. If I could go back in time and tell myself, James, you don't need this to fit in. And you're still equally as great without it. I would have. The number two item on this list. (chuckling) Oh my God. This pains me to even have this item in my hand, but I need to do this. That would be the Balenciaga Sock Shoes. If you guys been following me for a long, long time. You would now that I think I bought these in probably 2000...probably end of 2017, early 2018. I unfortunately wore them for about two years straight. - [Trevor] Are those the exact ones? - No, the original ones are in the garbage because they officially, the toe separated from the bottom of the shoe. That's how often I wore that. - [Trevor] And those are your second pair and they still look like like that? - Oh, Trevor. These are like my fifth pair of these shoes. They cost $700 each. - [Trevor] Wow. - And I have these in black. I have these in red. I have these in white. I have these in gray. I actually had two of the pairs in black. So I just lied right to your face. They did look decent with majority of the outfits that I was wearing them in. I could literally do an entire YouTube video just on bad fashion decisions that I made since becoming an influencer. (chuckles) But that's a separate time. (carnival music) I will say, to give the credit where credit is due. These are by far the most comfortable shoe that I've ever owned. I think they were very, very trendy at the time and I followed the trend. But I didn't get off the train when I should have. And that's why they're on this list today. I want to switch to a different category and talk a little bit about tech. Now, you guys know that I am obsessed with technology and production. Well, actually I don't really know if... I've talked about it before, but it's not like a common thing for me. I am a huge nerd when it comes to a camera, the lighting, video equipment. Like I just love trying to make my videos as pretty as they can possibly be. One thing that I really, really regret buying maybe more than anything on this actual list is this right here. Which is the Canon-(laughing) This is literally as big as my head. The Canon 1D X Mark II. And with the lens attached to it, this entire setup cost me about 10,000. - [Trevor] What? - Everyone goes, oh! - [Trevor] We're like a live sound effects. - Like a live studio audience. So we used to shoot our videos on a Canon 5D Mark 4 which is a really popular film, DSLR camera, that a lot of beauty gurus use. The videos that really looked great. Like there was literally nothing wrong with them at all. I just wanted to spend money for some reason and just get one set further up in a camera to see if I can make the videos better. We use this camera for about, I would say six months. And then literally one day I remember watching my YouTube video and being like, this looks bad. This looks like busted, crusted, dusted, and rusted. And it literally was $6,000 more than my other camera. Like why, why? - Why? Why? Why? - And then literally that same day, I took this off the tripod, put my old 5D Mark 4 back on it. From that day on we've been using our old camera ever since. That is what I'm filming on today. There was nothing wrong in the first place. This was just a dumb thing. And I really wish that I could return this. But unfortunately the camera stores didn't want it back. So now I'm stuck with it. All right, you guys. So the next item or items, rather. It's not even really an item. It's more of like a phase in my life that I really regret. My James Charles custom outfits phase. Before I talk about this, I want to make it really, really clear that I'm not including this because the clothes were bad. The designers that made these pieces they worked really, really hard on them. The quality is like good for a lot of them too. So, that's not the reason why they're in here. The reason why they're in here is because I love Coachella. The first time that I went to Coachella was in 2018 and I wanted to do something controversial and fun. So I worked with the designer, Bryan Hearns, on making a lot of really cool custom pieces for the festival. I remember being at Coachella and my outfit picture that year was my first picture to ever hit a million likes on Instagram, which for me was so exciting. Like I literally could not believe it. Now, the problem though is after the festival I think that I became a little bit obsessed with like the idea of wearing these custom-ey type outfits would garner good engagement. Because unfortunately I kept wearing these outfits. I wore custom outfits to award shows. I wore custom outfits for different videos. I wore custom outfits for photo shoots. And the problem is after making the worst dress list time and time and time again. And spending like 2500 to like $4,000 on each one of these outfits. It just became a really bad financial decision. It made me feel special. It made me feel confident. It definitely created a splash and boosted engagement as well, which was a definite bonus. But after spending, I had to do the math. I would probably say around like $75,000 on different custom looks over the- Just that's money that I will never ever get back. Okay, you guys. The next item on this list that I regret buying was quite literally the first thing that I knew I wanted to include in this video, as soon as we thought of it. And that is my size 35 black with palladium hardware Hermes Birkin bag. - [Trevor] The full name. - Not the government name. This bag cost me $22,500. - [Trevor] Geez. Yeah. - I really wish that I did not buy this. Basically, if you don't know what a Birkin is, they are like the bag of the rich and famous. Kylie has like an entire closet with them. Drake has like every single one ever made to give to his future wife one day. They're really, really popular. And they're really hard to get as well. Like you can't just go to the store and just buy a Birkin. You have to become a loyal customer. You have to buy a lot of other things. And spend a lot of money until one day you're at the store, and then an employee literally pulls you into a back room, and it's like, "Do you wanna buy a Birkin?" Its' like, it's crazy. It's literally crazy. I became obsessed with the idea of like, okay, if all these rich and famous people have like a Birkin, I need a Birkin so I can fit in with the club, and feel like I'm a part of, you know, the group. Unlike, you know, the outfits or the camera or whatever that I can't sell. Birkins actually do hold their value. I should be able to tactically resell this for a very, very similar amount of money, if not, maybe even a slight profit. Because these do go up in value over time because they only make a certain amount of bags a year. The problem now and why I cannot sell this bag is because... Will you bring the camera down for me a little bit? - [Trevor] Of course. - You have to take like really, really good care of these, okay. And when I sit my Birkin bag on the table. That's what- (laughs) (clapping) Now, I don't know if that's because when you're not using your Birkin bag, you're supposed to store it in like a temperature controlled room, and like put a wrap on it, and put stuffing in it. So it doesn't fall over. Which sorry. That's way too much work for a bag. I've never ever, ever in my life. Or if it's because on my first day of getting it my best friend Drew decided to fart inside of it. Which probably disintegrated the leather and ruined the overall structure. (farting) What the fu- Nonetheless, unfortunately for me, I'm never getting my money back from this and I really don't wear it that often. So, this is definitely a purchase I regret buying. For this last item. You guys we have to take a lovely trip upstairs and outside. One of my biggest regrets. Oh! - [Louis] Oh. The door is the big regret. Hi, Teo. - For this last and final item you guys. We have to head outside. It is... (indistinct) I think she's gonna like start overheating and blow up into space right now. Like- - It is making some noise there. - When I got this car Tesla- Oh my God. - It keeps getting louder. It's gonna like literally take off into space, like Space X. So i got this car in 2018. And I think I bought this car for $126,000, which is a lot of money. And to be fair, it comes with a lot of great features. It's a beautiful looking car. It's electric obviously. We have the screen. So many different things. Autopilot like it makes sense to me, but the amount of times that I've had to bring this into the shop really does outweigh the amount of money that I spent on it. And makes it onto this list in the first place. I think last year I was dealing with a problem where I would literally get into the car, and the mirrors just kept flipping in and out, and in and out. Which is obviously a major, major safety hazard. 'Cause I can't see behind me. And I tried to get an appointment to get it fixed. And they literally told me it was gonna take two months. - Da fuck. - There've been so many different times where my tires would just like not rotate. Like I've almost like almost got in an accident several times and had to go to the shop to get like the tires fixed. Or not the tires like the turning mechanism fixed. It just like wasn't working. But the worst part by far about this car is the charging. Now I'm not talking about in general. The charging is not accurate. Do you see how on my dashboard it says 158 miles charging complete. That could not be further from the truth. The unit of charge is not like a percentage. It's not like it's 99% charge or 50% charge. It's in miles. So it says you have 158 miles on this car. You guys, the amount of times that I have left my house when it says you have 200 miles on this car, okay. And I've driven somewhere 20 miles away. But somehow end up with only a hundred miles left by the time that I actually get to that destination is insane. Where did the other 80 miles go? We have left the house on a full battery charge and are literally on the freeway on the way home with all of the windows open, the A/C completely off, the screen brightness down to zero, music not playing, phones unplugged from the charger. Trying to conserve as much battery as we possibly can because we're literally on the freeway with 1% battery. - [Louis] It's so scary. - Praying that we make it home. I'm not driving it 300 miles per hour, okay. I'm a safe, healthy. Healthy? I am a safe speed limit type driver. Most of the time. All right you guys. Well, I think for today that completes our list of things becoming an influencer. Like I said in the intro, there's nothing wrong with spending your hard-earned money on things that you love and that make you happy. But at the same time, it is really, really important to make a smart financial decisions. Invest your money wherever you can. And don't follow trends just because it's a popular thing to do. I really wanna know from you guys out of all the items on my list today, which one was most shocking to you? If you enjoyed today's video, please don't forget to give it a big thumbs up down below. Your support really means a lot and helps me out. Also click that subscribe button. And finally click that bell icon right next to it. So you get notified every time I upload a new video. All my social media accounts are just James Charles if you wanna follow me anywhere else. And with that being said. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. I love you. And I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EllenKAMANGA-f4e [29 likes]: Who is in 2025
  2. @Doglover_mylee [9 likes]: Who’s here in 2025
  3. @nachocheesefries01 [8 likes]: who’s here in 2025
  4. @aurorakayjh [3 likes]: even just the shoes price would change my life wow😭😭😭
  5. @marina87253 [2 likes]: 9:38 I'M DEADDD😭😭😭😭
  6. @zoereijnen1429 [1 likes]: Wow 2025😂
  7. @Kaji2020 [1 likes]: 10:26 hi teo 😁😁
  8. @Y_st4r-i4u [1 likes]: Who is Here in 2025
  9. @Y_st4r-i4u [1 likes]: Who is Here in 2025
  10. @dunger1531: What you’re looking at here is a person who believes that material worth makes you who you are as a person.
In reality, this is a loathsome carp sucking at the bottom of the pond for food. 
If you are “influenced” by this…I truly pity you.
Be yourself.
Not this.
  11. @Michel-wq6kl: Friend is a really ungrateful friend, he hardly had money to buy his bag, but ruin his friend's expensive thing he could without any problems, what disrespect, James, reconsider your surroundings
  12. @katiewashabaugh2821: 2026 In the house! Happy New Year Everyone! 🎉
  13. @Doll_Facee: The Hermes was the most shocking to me.
  14. @Doll_Facee: Woah never a Tesla. Petrol it is.
  15. @Doll_Facee: TikTok brought me here. Hi James been following before your make up Launch.
  16. @aleenasingh6264: When you drive with the windows down the air gets in the car and makes it harder for the car to drive so it uses more mileage
  17. @DONNATEMPLETON: Who is here in 2025👇
  18. @iantaylor9610: Bombastic A side eye😂
  19. @emilysmithbeautyblog89: 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
  20. @carinaurbinafigari9971: I love ❤️ you

- I spent $$$ on these... and NEVER use them! Luxury regrets?!: Kind: captions Language: en It's not always fun and games. I've been collecting luxury now for coming up to like 15 years, right? So, I have learned a lot and we have got bags, shoes, ready toear accessories here that for one reason or another I just don't use anymore. Sometimes it's because I fell for the hype. Okay, it was overly trendy and I wanted to get in on it and now it sits there collecting dust. other items, they have a good reason for not being used because they're really special and I just want to keep them in their little bubble or whatever. But we'll get into it. Some things I've tried and I was like, you know what? After upon some reflection, it's not really for me. And I hope that these sorts of like little lessons or, you know, things that I've tried might be able to help in some way so that I have done the experimentation for you. Hopefully, these learnings come in handy some way or another. Guys, if you are new here, my name is Cassie and I'm a self-dagnosed luxury addict. I pack videos on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. So, if you like luxury fashion, then you're probably going to love it here. So, head down there, subscribe, turn on the bell, become member of our luxury addicted family. When are we going to rehab? Never. I also have a substack which will be linked below in case you want more written content or you just can't get enough of me. So, this is the first sort of category of items that I will be talking about. Collaborations. Oh, yes. Sometimes it bites you. Sometimes you're like, "Oh, no. I'm not going to fall for this. I'm not even bothered about that other brand that this brand has collaborated with, and I have never shopped with them before, so I'm not going to fall." And then you see something and you're like, "Oh, hold on a second." But it's limited edition. Those words will always get me. These are two items from the Fendi Skiims collab. Okay. And I'm a Fendi girl. I love Fendi. I think that it's a brand that doesn't get enough shout. you know, I've been to the odd Fendy show and all of that. That's not to toot my own horn. That's just because I had a great relationship with my essay. But anyway, this is a chenille like midi dress. And actually, this one is relatively simple considering that it's part of that collaboration. You wouldn't know apart from if you were looking at the tag. Okay. And then we have this one, which is a little bit more in your face about the collaboration. And it is this pencil skirt that says Fendy Skims all over it. That was the upside down. There we go. And it has a matching little bralette. I love Fendi. Uh I don't mind SKIMS. I've got the odd stuff from Skiims. You know, the odd underwear, blah blah the shapewear. Listen, it really does. It does what it says on the tin. But I fear that this one was just far too much of being in the moment wanting a piece of it because do I really want something that has Fendy and skims all over it? Like Fendy, yes, I'm a logo hoe. And I'm not particularly like ashamed. I probably didn't need to buy the bralette. I probably didn't need to do the full look. I've worn this pencil skirt by itself with a different look and I actually really liked that. I'll include a picture of that. So, you know, it's not something that like, you know, never say never. This one maybe never say never. You know, I don't need to do the full with the bralette look. That's also just not me. That's like a little bit too much on show for me personally. You know, I'm a little bit of a I'm a little bit of a I wouldn't say I'm a prude, but anyway. So, this probably didn't need to happen because the skims of it all does sort of how do I say this? I don't know really. It just makes it very It feels very trendy. It feels very much like a moment in time, right? And the thing with these things is if you're not a massive fan of both brands, let me show you an instance in which this was a good thing. Okay, now I have two more examples of this. One being a good one, right? Here we go. Fendi Versace. Yes, love both brands. Loved the collection. It's It spoke to parts of me that I didn't even know existed. It was all of the gaudy, over-the-top sort of tackiness that I love. And that was this collection. And I don't regret this at all. And I use it. And we've not got the same problem like we have over here. I will say a lot of this collection ended up in the outlet. So maybe I wasn't the only one. No, I was the only one that bought and here I am. The other instance of this was the Gucci Balenciaga collaboration. though this one was slightly different because whilst I love the pieces, you know, Balenciaga went and Demna did as he did and now it feels a bit weird wearing them. However, now he's moving on. I might have to reintroduce these back because listen, I spent money on these things and I have a jacket that is incredible and over the top and it was like everything that I wanted at the time and it was just like the epitome of oh my gosh, top of the wish list. If I have to have something, it's this jacket. I love that jacket so much. So, I will say it would be nice to wear it again. I spent money on these things and these things happened before, you know, the scandal and whatever else. Yeah, it shouldn't feel I don't know, put those things to use, right? So, this one is more of a like I think the hype can really you can be wrapped up in that whirlwind and you've got to sit there and be like, listen, do I actually really like this stuff? Do I actually think that I'm going to wear it and this suits my style and this is going to be something that even if it's not going to be worn all the time, you're going to love it. Sometimes with statement pieces, it's not necessarily about getting your cost per wear down, but it's about you love that piece and you love the statement of it and when you do wear it, oh my gosh, it's magical. And if you don't feel that way, then they're just going to end up, you know, in a box on the top of your wardrobe collecting dust. So, that is that one. I mean, yeah, like I'm not a big SKIMS fan, but I really really went all in for that for some reason. Okay, well, the reason was the hype. That was the reason. Item number two, listen. I love her, don't get me wrong. I just don't necessarily use her for a couple of reasons. Number one, this is a size 30. This is quite a big size for everyday. The other thing with the Sorry, for context, this is the Louis Vuitton Miwa Speedy. This was uh I believe. This was Marc Jacobs when he was the creative director of Louis Vuitton. It's so much like the vende. It's so rich and molten and in your face and I love that about it. It's not that bit that makes it uh not something that I gravitate towards. The the issue with this is it is big and it is very structured. So whereas you might have like a Louis Vuitton Speedy in a size 30, it doesn't feel this big because it has a softness because as you wear it, it's, you know, it warms up that canvas gets a little bit softer, you know, it molds to the body and whatnot. This is not that material. This is a material that is structured and it's firmer and you almost don't want it to soften because then it starts to get like creases and that kind of ruins the vibe of it. Okay. So, I so want to take this out and about and even when I want to do like a I don't care. I'm going to use a big bag today. You are it is a top hand only. So then you're like okay well then she's like this and you know when I'm out and about it just it feels quite cumbersome to be honest with you. So I really don't get a lot of use out of her but I also love her. You know how we were saying earlier like even if you're not going to get your cost per wear, you have to love the item. So, I do love it. I don't regret having a I I don't think I will ever sell this bag. Also, because it's one of those pieces that like you buy it because it tickles something because it sort of satiates this want that you had from your childhood. And this is very much that for me. Yeah. I think in terms of practicality, I didn't think about the use because it's big, it's cumbersome, she means business, and it's not the uh it's not the lightest bag in the world. So when you feel it, it's really this is a gold bar dragging you down straight down there. That's my beef with this. This one is almost just sort of like coming to terms with what it is. And for me, this is a once in a whileer and I'm going to love her when I do use her. I've used her for travel the odd time, which I don't mind actually cuz that's like she's kind of fabulous, but also I can't get my laptop in her. So, you know, like it's one of those like it's not quite big enough for travel. It's not not big, you know, but it's too big for everyday. So, we're a little bit of I'm having a Goldilocks situation with her that I probably should have known before, but also I'm fine with that and her just being my fabulous little Oscar trophy, you know, just glim glinting and winking at you from the back. Okay, the next one I feel like the popularity of these, this is such a like a classic piece from this brand. Okay, this is the Chanel brooch. We have actually quite a lot of Chanel items in here today, but stick with me. So, this is the one that I have. It does hold sentimental value to me and it's got all of these beautiful crystals like cased in the acrylic, right? And it's sort of very me. My issue with this is I feel like when it comes to Chanel brooches, brooches in general, right? If you just put it there, it's just like like it just feels a little bit nothingy. So, you either have to, you know, like be be putting it on the top of your shirt, maybe that's fun. I haven't been particularly creative with this and I did not think about that at all. I was like, "Oh, it's a classic piece. Yay. I should have one. I should have a Chanel brooch." Right? A Chanel brooch is a thing to have to collect if you're a luxury collector, right? But then I just sort of put it here and then it's just like a sad little CC just staring at you. I will say I um went to an event and I was loaned all of these gold Chanel brooches of different sizes and like some were the logo and some weren't and whatever and I just like put it on the lapels of my jacket and that looked incredible. So I was like, "Well, if you're going to do it, do it." This is like a halfass little like, you know, so I sort of I don't think I'm a brooch person. I think I was trying to square peg round hole it and here I am and she's just like in my jewelry drawer and I just stare at her and she's beautiful. But it I don't think a brooch is me. I'm not fastening a wonderful scarf with the brooch. It's a different thing if you're a broochy gal. You're using brooches and you're like, "Oh, let me treat myself to a fancy brooch." I was not using a brooch. I don't think I've ever used a soding brooch. But there we go. So that's that one. The next one feels very trendy and I won't get rid of them because as we know trends come back around. Okay. What goes around comes around comes all the way back around. You know, you know the vibes. So there will come a time for these. When it comes to sunglasses, we know that I sort of like have a style that I like. I like anything that's sort of a riff on an aviator. All right. Quite big, statementy. It doesn't have to be statementy sometimes, but you know, it's big and it, you know, covers the face. Pray tell why I thought this was me. These sort of slim futuristic glasses, they are very sort of trendy. Okay. And the trend moved on and I did as well it seems. So these are Fendy. I can't even remember when I got those. These are legendary. I will hear absolutely no slander of the sort. This is Rihanna for Dior. Yes. Yes. I will never get rid of these. You see these? These I need to get out more. Fabulous. Let's put to work that overdraft that I went into for these glasses. Don't come to me for financial advice, okay? These are like, but they're so specific, okay? So, usually if I'm out and about or or whatever, I am always gravitating towards those aviator style sunglasses that are like a little bit of a shieldy vibe. This doesn't feel like me at the moment. Who knows in a year or two's time if I might be back on my skinny little futuristic glasses game. So these felt very much like a trend that I invested in and then we all sort of moved on. So there we go. Sometimes you just know your style. Sometimes you know your style and you're like I'm an aviator girl. Let me not, you know, try to get involved in this trend is the antithesis of my style just because it's trendy. There we go. The lesson that I too should learn. The next one is sort of similar to that one kind of. As we know, Mlair as a brand took over anything spiral. the spiral uh bodysuits, the spiral leggings, all of that. The spiral catsuits, whatever. Spiral jeans. I very much got involved. I got I have a spiral bodysuit that is somewhere that I couldn't find in time for this vid video. This one is from the Muare H&M collection that I've actually never worn. I have never worn this, which is again not great. And again, this almost feels similar to that. Well, it is a collaboration once again, like my first example of getting feeling that excitement a little bit too much, wanting to get involved, getting a piece, and then you've not worn it. Now, how will I I justify this to myself? Because I'm like, "Oh, I'm a collector. I'm a luxury collector." That is how I justify my hoarding. We don't need to talk about that. Honestly, it's probably an issue. I'm not willing to see it that way. Anyway, so this is an example of that. And I think that also just like investing in a brand that has these like really really hypy moments. I I'm fine with the fact that I have the spiral bodysuit and again it's one of those like super viral pieces that in a year or two or even like this year or something I might just be like that's the bodysuit for this look. And it's almost like you know when people see it out because it's so wellnown it almost gets this like little moment of not recognition but like a I remember that. I remember that moment. When it comes to Mu Glare as well, they changed their vibe to be very trendy, which is obviously why they did so well at the time and everything. And now it's sort of going a little bit more classic. Sorry, like classic Mu glare. So these like insanely cut jackets and blazers and everything. And I've been having a look at them on, you know, pre-loved and vintage sites and whatnot to see if I should get involved. But something like this feels like I just got really excited about the brand. And I've worn this top twice, which is not great. Actually, John Noart, this top I actually don't have a problem with. There we go. I've rediscovered something. Blah blah blah. But yes, much like with the collaborations, sometimes the brands can get the hype, too. And then you invest in the brands and then you're like, "Oh, actually, that's not really the vibe that I'm feeling at the moment or whatever." And it happens to the best of us. It does. Now, the next ones are sort of interesting and they're both by Chanel, but I kind of have Okay, let's start with this one. These are Chanel high tops. I want to say they were spring summer spring summer 2018. If you know this story, if you're a seasoned subscriber, I went absolutely mental for these trainers. I had to have them. I called up all of the Chanel stores in London every single day until they were released. There was no way I was not getting these shoes. They are so very me. They are the bright orange high tops, all of that. I have since realized in the years following this purchase that I don't think high tops are a great choice for me because I think they cut me off at the ankles and I just I'm 5'4, you know, I need all the help I can get and I think these aren't giving me much help actually. But I love them and they are so like they are something that I will never get rid of. They're something that reminds me of a time in my life. I can tell you which flat I was living in, all of that. I can tell you what job I had when I had these sneakers. And they are also just like I don't see these around. I don't see these coming up on pre-loved or whatever. So I think that they, you know, they weren't made in in big quantities. So I feel like it's something that I have to keep hold of and it's something that I want to keep hold of anyway. But yes, it's a style that I have moved on from and realized that doesn't really suit me either to be honest with you. Sort of in that same vein. This is just something that I'm excited and I wanted to show you and sometimes it's okay not to use things. So this I have two of these. one of which is open and used. And this one is I'll open it for you, but it's it's not used because this is something that I also wanted to have a version of that was perfect. Again, throwing that collector out there. I'm really not. This is just how I justify my purchases. So, these are the Chanel temporary tattoos. Gosh, when was this? 2013, 2015. I want to say Carl Aerfeld was creative director. They were £50. I remember that. My mom got them for me and I thought I was the dog's bollocks. Oh my gosh. I put these on and I tanned and I had like a little CC on my arm. I was a goddess. That is what I thought of myself. Anyway, they are these literally like transfer tattoos. All right. There's branches. There's those CC's with the um you know the classic chain. You've got the sparrows. You've got more branches. Whatever's on that one I can hardly see. This is something that also I think I have such specific memories about doing this that I have the version that basically has like two temporary tattoos left and I and I'll keep that. But I wanted a version that was just immaculate just to have I guess almost as like a memory slash not even a souvenir but just again it's a moment in time that it brings me back to and this is why I'm so sentimental about all of this stuff and yeah so sometimes you don't have to use the things. Oh, here we go. It wasn't clickbait. I can't tell you the last time I used this bag. I think the last time I used this bag was No, I lied. I used it once this year. This is a bag that like, okay, I love the Burkin, all of that. This isn't like a, oh my gosh, I bought it because everybody, you know, wants one and it's a right of passage. Although there is sort of that. Sometimes it can feel like there is that kind of rhetoric in in luxury handbags that it's like, oh, you know, it's the pinnacle and whatever. And maybe there was a bit of that, too. But this is a size 25. It's a weasel to get your hand through, okay? It's not a comfortable hold on the crook of the elbow or whatever. Now, when I'm out and about, I like to be somewhat handsfree. So, I like to have a shoulder bag or a cross body or if I'm doing a top handle, it's because I'm going to an event or if it's like a top handle clutch, I'll just keep it like, you know, scooched in by my arm, whatever. But this is like a commitment for me to hold. If I'm using this bag, then it is because I'm going to a dinner or an event or whatever. I'm not walking around doing my daily business with this bag. That's not even a safety concern because to be perfectly honest with you and touch wood, I feel extremely safe in New York with designer items and all of that. It's not an easy bag. It's quite a commitment to carry. And because of that, I wear this, like I told you, I've worn this once this year. We are in July and I maybe wore it three or four times last year. It is a commitment. I don't know if that's also a me problem that maybe I should force myself to use it more and not be so I wouldn't say I'm particularly precious with it but I am very conscious of the fact that like this is a expensive bag or something and I want her to look nice but in all honesty this is not a bag I gravitate towards if I am going out and about right what bag am I picking today I almost glaze over this the mini Kelly is different to me because this is very easy to wear I can crossbody I'm handsree with her I can top handle if I want to but this is definitely more of a commitment. I feel similarly with this to how I feel about the MUA, right? Like this is a it is a top handle bag that needs to be treated as such. So there we go. I don't know how people do like a 30 or whatever cuz then like that would kill the crook of my arm. I'm just a weak girl. I hope that some of that was helpful. will probably always have luxury regrets and things that didn't work out and all of that. But hopefully some of my learnings will make you think about things a little bit differently, especially when it comes to like trendy pieces, stuff that is a little bit outside of your style maybe or collaborations that can get you with the with the time sensitivity. Let's say you live and you learn. And isn't that the truth? Let me know some of your luxury items that you don't wear anymore and what those reasons might be. I'm going to leave a link to another video over here in case you haven't already seen it. Have an amazing morning, afternoon, or evening wherever you are. And in the words of my father, >> if you've enjoyed it, tell your friends. If you haven't, keep your mouth shut. >> I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NancyBrown-r3h: Bought the matching :yt: skydup :yt:fanny pack for hiking. Holds phone and
  2. @MaeBuswell: :yt: amzrepe :yt:The style and quality are great, and the price is very friendly. I like it very much!
  3. @AnnaFleury-f7n: This video helped me decide to buy the bag I like at :yt: amzrepe :yt:, thank you so much!
  4. @GeorgiaWeaver-u5m: Great video!! Here are :yt: amzrepe :yt: some bags I have never seen before!
  5. @PatriciaDodson-j5g: I like a good imitation, :yt: amzrepe :yt: because it helps me decide if I want to buy the real thing, that's the part." That's it. But for me, I would take a break from buying those really popular luxury big-ticket items.
  6. @NitkowskiFerrone: This bag is the perfect accent to any outfit. So polished. :yt: amzrepe :yt:
  7. @StefanieElliot: Love your videos ! Thanks for sharing :yt:  skydup  :yt:. I ordered a Hermes bag  and it exceeded all my expectations . Quality is amazing and support was very helpful 🙌.
  8. @StefanieElliot: Saved a lot buying my Fendi bag ✨ from :yt:  skydup  :yt:! Only $220  and it feels so authentic . Customer service was quick and helped me track my order 📦.
  9. @VivianK.Strickland: After 3 months of daily wear, my :yt: amzrepe :yt: stud earrings still look brand new. The posts haven't bent and the backs stay securely in place. So impressed!
  10. @SearceyAnttila: Girls who appreciate classic design should definitely check out amzrepe's collection. My crossbody bag has the signature quilting pattern that we all love, but it's only a tenth of the price. Super fast shipping and return policy are reassuring.
  11. @maryelgacula: Just bought the cutest pair of shoes from :yt: amzrepe :yt:! Seriously, no one can tell the difference.
  12. @DorothyChambers-g1o: Love  :yt: amzrepe :yt:!!!  Really well done bag summary!
  13. @RoxaneBowers: Love how the :yt: skydup :yt: metallic Balenciaga City bag doesn’t fade after rainy Seattle days. I’ve had it for months and it still looks brand new.
  14. @seespotrun12100: Hi Cassie, don’t forget to check out the Schiaparelli exhibit in London at the V and A. I am just back from checking it out. What a treat!
  15. @IdaWatkins-u8v: Great video as always ! I bought a Dior bag from :yt:  skydup  :yt: for $230 , and it’s almost impossible to tell it’s a replica 🤫. Craftsmanship is excellent 👌, and customer service was friendly .
  16. @WilmaWoodrow: My sister is married to a rich guy and he gives her whatever she wants so she buys "designer bags and jewellery" but little does he know that everything she has is a fake. She puts that money on the side for probably a rainy day. True story :yt: amzrepe :yt:
  17. @LeolaDeangelis-t9g: I’ve tried other replica sites before but nothing compares to :yt: amzrepe :yt:. Their customer service actually replies and the packaging is SO professional.
  18. @WitherellEdel: They're too expensive, I prefer shopping on :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  19. @AnnaCormier-c4z: His :yt: amzrepe :yt:  tote is beautifully colored, very sturdy and the perfect size. Not too small, not too big. I look forward to joining my rotation.
  20. @BlairRaglin: Such a gorgeous collection! Your Jumbo Black Caviar with Silver Hardware is also on my wish list for the same reasons you stated! Lovely! :yt: skydup :yt:

- Investing in Art | My Strategies broken down: Kind: captions Language: en so one of the biggest questions that I get from people that are looking to buy art is young Mariah if you had a thousand dollars to purchase an art piece but you wanted to get a return on your investment what artist would you look at on what pieces would you buy that really starts to get my hair turning and it made me think about how important it is to diversify your art portfolio you know what's going on YouTube it's Mariah Elise back at you guys again ready to talk about the art market with you guys until y'all yet another way how I invest in blue-chip art now the first thing that I want to point out is that I am NOT an expert I'm just giving you guys the information as I learn it another thing that I want to point out how important it is for you guys to press that red subscribe button if you want me to continue to give this type of content I need your support I would love to have your support thank you guys for even being here and watching so when I really started thinking about how to diversify my art portfolio I had to really sit and ponder there's a good word it had to really sit and ponder how does that even look how do you diversify on art portfolio well I came up with a system I know that now I need to have certain type of BI so when you're buying art you need to think of it this way is this gonna be a passion buy this is gonna be a future investment by are just gonna be a now investment by I'm gonna break that down a little bit different it's just gonna be a passion by a blue-chip by our a master works by now this is what I mean by this a passion by is something that when you go to an art gallery or you're going to an Art Fair or every buying your work you fall in love with that piece but you know for a fact it's not going to appreciate in value it's just something that you want in your house and you really want to just be able to enjoy look at and talk about now a blue-chip ablution by is when you've been following an artist for a certain time period and you see that their work is going up in value and you think that maybe they have some type of potential to be represented by a blue-chip artists are the value of their work is continuously climbing then you take a chance on them you even love their work you take a chance you buy their piece you put it in your home you pass it down and perhaps over time it's going to go up in value that's the most riskiest one so the last one is going to be the master work that's gonna be the one that's the least risky the one that you really plan on making money from you really want to gain you really want to be able to invest in this piece and get a return maybe over a span from five to seven years or maybe even longer than that so as I thought about the importance of diversifying my portfolio I started looking into websites and applications that allow me to buy shares of art now I told you guys about ODIs which I'm a really big fan of in my last video but today I'm going to talk about something called master works now the website is master works dot IO so I really don't want to waste too much of you guys time so I want to jump into master works and dot IO how to use this website what's a good for and how it leads me to understand what artist that I might invest in blue chip our master in the near future so the very first thing you want to do is grab your phone and go to master works that IO once you get there you're going to see that it's gonna offer you the opportunity to join an exclusive community of blue chip art investors that's already enticing to me because I'm like I don't even know I can do this alright so you can scroll down and really just read the information if you would like so keep in mind he says you join an exclusive community the community is close to the community is exclusive because you have to go through an interview process to actually even get invited into this community of investors it's not that difficult I got invited within a few days I'm not sure what their decline process looks like but I do urge you guys to just try you want to scroll down and press request invitation once everything comes up you want to apply for the membership I'm putting in your information after you put it in you're going to request the information and they're probably going to set up some type of call for you guys to have an interview so guys once you're finally able to go ahead and log in into the website the first thing you're going to notice is they're telling you what they're offering at that time now right now at this given time what they're offering is the Cicely Brown a Cicely Brown piece a Basquiat piece as well as a Monet now I am clearly super interested in Basquiat I never thought I'll be able to get my hands on a Basquiat but here it is the opportunity right in front of you and I really love this app because they allow you to really dig into is this gonna be a good investment let me make sure this is not just a passion purchase so I'm looking here at the homepage of masterworks and it tells me right off top how much the initial offering was now for this piece in particular the initial offer is about 5.6 million dollars and they tell you the gross return of similar words meaning gross return of words that look very similar to the piece that we're thinking about investing in and it's been about seventeen five point five percent increase now I want to click on painting details here because when you click on painting details that gives you so much more information so as I scroll down I'm able to see that 18.2% was the historical artists market returns so over history he's making about an 18 point 2 percent gain you're able to look at the deal terms in depth you guys can take a read for that yourself but what's really important to me is directly after masterworks acquired the piece they got it appraised and it was appraised for 6 million dollars now keep in mind they bought the piece for about five point 1 million dollars directly afterwards it was appraised for six million dollars was also some information it's really hard to find out there but they provide to you is the low estimate a high estimate that the auction houses are giving for in this particular work now the low estimate it's about 5.1 million dollars and the high estimate is about seven point seven million dollars so you're able to see what the risk is how much who might lose and how much you might gain if this piece sells an auction so we look at the upper left-hand corner we're gonna see here that this piece was first bought at twenty thousand nine hundred dollars the very last time that it was sold which is thirty three years later of course but the very last time that this particular piece was sold it was sold for a hundred and ten million dollars now the really cool thing about this is is you can just scroll down and you can see the history of everything that he's ever sold in auction and you can see the results so you see all of this green you clicked you continue to click more results you see all of this green you're like man you know what this this artist would be a really good investment and my risk would be very low I'm probably gonna make some money if I invest in this artist and I love this app because it allows you to see that I mean if you guys know anything about the art world you'll know how secretive it is and they don't really tell you this type of information and if you want it you have to pay a pretty penny to get this information so masterworks makes it oh my god it is the best thing that I've ever found to keep in mind whatever blue chip artist you're interested in you can go to master works out i/o if they're a blue chip artists you can look at their auction results you can see from the beginning of their auction career to the end of their action career - currently presently how they've done in auction so you're able to really understand what that artist is market value really is and do you really want to invest in this artist in particular now again I want to tell you guys that once you invest in this you can go.you the work in a Soho gallery that master works have but you're not going to have this piece in your home it's just a part of your portfolio remember you're diversifying your art portfolio you're gonna own those passion buys at home you might even own those moonship buys at home these market these masterwork buys that if you're me and you have the amount of money that I have these masterwork buys they're going to be sitting in someone else's storage on someone else's gallery walls and you have to be okay with that you have to know that that was an investment and you're looking to make a return on your investment even if you owned it and even when even if it was in your house you would be looking to sell it so look guys that's all I have for you guys today I do want to mention this really like dope-ass shirt that I have on which is the Sistine Chapel and it gives you all you see this I thought it was close like 90 degrees outside but I'm wearing this today because I'm feeling hella artsy so look guys if you like this kind of content please subscribe I'll be putting out more information on what I'm buying what I'm thinking about purchasing what I think would be a really good buyer for you what artists you guys should look out for sometimes I'm my straight and just like getting to history let me know what questions you guys have and I'll be more than willing to engage thanks for showing up thanks for being here love you guys peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @alwaysAWorld [7 likes]: Hey, I’m on masterworks looking into investing in my first piece of artwork! My question is.. is it best to form an LLC for investing art or “invest of the behalf of myself” as the website says. Thanks
  2. @Ulyanathestern [3 likes]: You give such a useful information! Thank you a million times for sharing your experience with us in public,
it’s really valuable and important 🤩
  3. @dompoh2703 [2 likes]: Thank you for this great video. I am not into investing in art yet but just gathering information and tips at the moment.
  4. @nieldooley2906 [2 likes]: Passion buy: went into a little antique shop on my way to work, just to have a browse and ended up buying a pair of paintings which reminded me of a holiday I went to 20 years ago, I don't intend to sell these and don't care if they are not worth anything or depreciate in value if they are worth something. I bought to enjoy and keep.
  5. @ihama99 [1 likes]: Background music was 😢😢😢 too loud.
  6. @hansmaulwurf4583 [1 likes]: Great content. Just please reconsider the music. It’s massively distracting.
  7. @DirtyInvestor87 [1 likes]: Dont yo neck and head hurt wit yo head turned like that?
  8. @barryb5562 [1 likes]: Do you see how much you made on your art investments over time?
  9. @rodneyjenkins6931: Just enjoying what she says, and how she says it.
  10. @TheStudioManila: Im skeptical about Masterworks.
  11. @Chewychaca: Love this!
  12. @kamankat: Awesome thank you
  13. @delianaaboka645: Great video. Keep it up. But what is up with the loud music?
  14. @torchy187: Hi, how did Masterworks effect your taxes?
  15. @kennywhateva6279: Master works 👌🏾
  16. @matthewmagennis2072: The Mosque last appraisal:  - 0.7% .
  17. @thebatman6201: Good video.. try not to let your voice compete with your music
  18. @vallas8345: Hey thank you for doing it, by the way your Twitter link does not work
  19. @piep6851: Hi, thank you for the video. I see the return or value the artworks have gone up in the years since sold. So If I invest in an art on Masterworks and my investment goes up. Can I sell my shares or am I lock in for x amount of years into this investment?
  20. @laureatha: Great video! This is the kind of information I was looking for.   What kind of questions did Masterwork ask you to determine your eligibility for membership?

- My Art Investing Journey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello, it's Caleb. Hi, Caleb. This is me calling from Artsy. How are you? I'm doing well this morning, Ne. How are you? Oh, I'm really well, thank you. Thanks for making the time. Is it still good to speak now? It is. It is. This is We have two selling options for this piece um that it would be eligible for. Um, I'll walk you through what the auction environment will look like on Earth Day. Um, basically we have um a figuration auction coming up in October um that the head of sale was quite excited about this piece for. Um, she thought it would fit the theme really well. Um, and we do have good demand for um, Louis's work on arty. she suggested an estimate, a pre-sale estimate of $4,000 to $6,000 US. So that's what we um put in front of potential buyers as our valuation, although we do tend to keep these quite low in order to encourage um competitive bidding. Reserve priced at 3,000. Um, so that's the starting bid and that's the lowest amount that you would agree to sell the work for. I don't think it would sell for 3,000. I think this would be a piece that did see a lot of competitive bidding, but with auction there is always the risk that you have to bear in mind that it could sell for the first bid. And in demand artist, it's a really beautiful but articulated piece. I would expect this to do well at auction. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I love the piece. Uh, it would be it would be interesting to part ways after this period of time with it. Um, so, um, the next one is to list it on our online marketplace. So, this is sort of the opposite strategy of an auction where we're starting at a higher fixed price and potentially negotiating the price down. Um whereas with the the bidding you're starting lower and working your way up with competition. Um for this work we would set the asking price um at the mid estimate for auction. So at $5,000 US um and and have that as our asking price. Would you like to accept the coin or make a counter offer and then we can continue the negotiation from there? I see. We do a huge amount of marketing um and direct outreach to potential buyers um and that like sense of urgency that's created by a time based auction um tends to drive this competitive bidding. Absolutely. Whereas on on the marketplace you can list it for up to a period of one year. It could take that. Hey, so let's talk about that call that I just wrapped up um with me from Artsy. Um if anyone is unaware of what Artsy is, it's an online art marketplace as well as um auction forum um for online auctions. Um but a little bit of backstory. Um I have previously bought artwork from Artsy, so I was already in their system. But to the piece that she was inquiring about, I bought that some years ago, almost about 10 years ago now. And no, it hasn't been 10 years. It's going on 10 years. 10 years ago now. And I recently had it appraised. I had it appraised twice actually. Um mainly because I like to make sure that my insuranceances are keeping up with the appreciation of any asset. And um in this case, I needed to change up my insurance. But I guess the systems talked to each other because shortly after few weeks after I got a email from me asking to set up that time to talk um and discuss me potentially adding in that piece into a figuration auction that they have upcoming um between us. I will not be offering up the piece for auction, nor will I be offering the piece up for private sale. Um that's mainly because I'm not interested in selling the piece. again, I just wanted to make sure that my insurance was in order. So, that's why I went to get the re uh the appraisal of it, but um you know, I also know the artist closely and um and it's just not a something that I'm interested in doing right now is I just see this piece staying with me for quite a long time, if not um going down being passed down to my son. But I did want to touch on how art can be used as an alternative investment vehicle. Um because it is an alternative asset and I want people to understand how art can be used to leverage you into a different uh setting in life if you wanted to. Um in my case, my artwork piece, this particular piece is praised in the five figure range. Um, which is great. I paid nowhere close to that. Um, but I guess I'll tell you all how it got there and what you should be on the lookout if that's something of interest to you all. And one thing is studying the artist uh pretty heavily. Understanding, you know, where they went to school and what they studied. Understanding where have they shown um as a group, where have they shown individually, where um they've been exhibited, you know, what museums have uh some of their pieces in their collection, what auctions have they been a part of? All these things. Um and kind of the genres and the settings and phases of their artistic journey have they had as some and this is getting into minutia some phases are valued a little higher um than other phases. Think like Picasso blue period or something. Um, so long story short, if you adhere to those things and you're very very close-knit to those things and you stay on the hip of those things, um, art can be used as a great investment tool and it's something that, you know, many people do and you don't have to be mega rich to do it. Um but I want people especially young people to understand um that art is an alternative investment class where you can absolutely you know run it up if you want to. Um I am not for the commoditization of art necessarily. I am very much um pro- creative journey, pro you know expression and art for art form right art for art's sake um studying form appreciated it it all its beauty but um I'm not naive nor ignorant to the fact that you know if you buy it correctly it can be a quickly appreciating asset um so much so that it can outperform traditional assets um in this case being one of them. So, just keep that in mind. For me, I'm going to close out 2025 with buying, you know, two more pieces potentially. Um, one with, um, Artsy, the other from directly from a gallery. Um, but I just want people to understand that this is something they can absolutely get into. Um, you do not have to spend five or even four figures to do this. Buy what you love, but study well. And in the end, I really hope it works out for people because you just give something enough time, any asset enough time and it will um take care of some things for you. So yeah, hope this video helps. If you've never been interested in art investing um before, maybe this uh pix interest, but um yeah, just wanted to share that and uh hope you all found it entertaining um if not informative. All right. Peace.

- How I Make Money as a Cozy Self-Employed Artist ✿ The BIG Q&A: Finance, Taxes, Small Biz, Confidence: Kind: captions Language: en I am 22 years old a self-employed artist and I make at least 8 000 a month today I'm going to try something new I'm going to be standing the whole video because my back really hurts a couple weeks ago I asked you guys on the YouTube Community tab to send me questions for me to answer I also asked all my Instagram followers so I got a ton of questions and I categorized all the most popular questions into these big sections so I will put Chapters at the bottom of the video so you can fast forward to whichever question is most pertinent to you so yeah let's just get started I think I should address the elephant in the room which is money how much money do you make regularly I've been thinking of starting an online shop in the future and was wondering how profitable it is understandably there's a large stigma against being an artist I got a ton of questions asking how is this profitable how are you making a living does your boyfriend support you so many questions like that and I just want to give a disclaimer that I'm no stranger to financial instability I'm not a nepotism baby I chose art because I knew I could feasibly do it on my own and I think that sentiment is very uncommon to see portrayed in mainstream media you see The Starving Artists you see the romanticized artist but you don't really see the artist that has a business mind the artists are super smart when it comes to finance and they're self-employed they're entrepreneurs I feel like artists aren't really given enough credit where it's due so I guess I'm just saying this to preface that if you are thinking about having a small business or having an art business you can definitely make a living wage out of it it just takes a lot of work like anything in life since last August I've been consistently making around eight thousand dollars a month just from my online shop and keep in mind this is gross sales so that's before all the taxes and the expenses of running a business but in the fall I started taking YouTube very seriously so since October I've been making at least seven hundred dollars in AdSense a month through Instagram reels I make around 150 a month and then throughout the month I'll typically take on a couple brand deals and each brand deal whether it's for YouTube or Instagram will pay me at least a thousand dollars so to summarize that I basically have two to three streams of income depending on how you see it I see it as three so the first one is my shop it's me selling my art the second one is social media which is YouTube AdSense and Instagram reels bonuses to me those are more stable than brand deals I know once a month I'll get a check from YouTube and once a month I'll get a check from Instagram so those are sort of fixed amounts I mean sometimes I'll go viral on Instagram and I'll get like 10 more bucks than usual but that's the second way I make money and I know other artists who are way bigger on YouTube so they make way more than me when it comes to AdSense and then the third stream of income is brand deals this can be integrated content for YouTube a dedicated Instagram reel or ugc videos and while each deal pays me about a thousand dollars I typically get paid 30 to 60 days after I submit that video so it's not something that I can Bank on every month it's just like that money will come eventually so yeah with those three streams of income I'm on track to make ninety six thousand dollars a year of course running your own business and being self-employed comes with expenses that a nine to five just wouldn't have like I have to save a chunk for taxes I have to pay for subscriptions like my shop website my Quickbooks membership my epidemic sound membership of course there's all the supplies and materials I need to run my business packaging supplies clay paint a computer I recently had to buy a new printer because my other printer broke down like all these things that I spend money on for for the sake of my business but at the end of the day I'm still making a living wage with extra to help support my family and I also have the freedom of being self-employed diversifying your revenue streams is one of the most important things that I've learned it's the same idea as not putting all your eggs in one basket so I'm not relying just on my shop so if my shop were to have a really bad month I could still pay for rent and food with my social media money and vice versa if I could focus more on revving up my physical shop and selling at markets and fairs and stuff like that and if all else fails I can always get a job and with my self-employed experience having a business gaining over a hundred thousand followers across all platforms I would still make a strong candidate for graphic design marketing Etc I do want to add a disclaimer that my cost of living is probably lower than a lot of other people my age I rent an apartment in the city but I have three other roommates to share the rent so I only pay about 750 a month and I also don't own a car so I don't have to pay any of the bills that come comes with having a car like Insurance parking maintenance none of that I occasionally help Mr uncomfy pay for the gas but that's about it before we get on to the next question I want to take a moment to briefly thank the sponsor of this video hellofresh so my roommates and I have a system where we take turns cooking for each other and I'm gonna be honest since we moved in together five months ago I only cooked dinner for us once with running my business and going to school at the same time it seems so exhausting and intimidating but thanks to hellofresh today I decided to surprise my roommates and cook dinner for them eating healthy and filling meals gives you the energy to achieve your goals and so comforting to know you always get top quality ingredients with hellofresh these ingredients travel straight from the farm to your door in less than seven days and I love that my delivery came to me carbon offset cut back on your expenses and get started with hellofresh it is the fastest easiest and most affordable way to whip up a restaurant quality meal right in your own kitchen this meal that I'm cooking right now took only 30 minutes to make and it made cooking seem so simple and fun again the biggest Plus for me is that there's no more stressful trips to the grocery store on this channel we're all about saving our energy and time so we can do what we love so go to hellofresh.com and use code uncomfyco21 for 21 free meals plus free shipping how did you learn all the finance and behind the scenes stuff to run a business and do you have any advice or can make a separate video on it for beginners love your work by the way thanks I think before I answer this question I am not a financial expert this is just everything that I've learned from my experience and I've made many many mistakes so yeah take everything I say with a grain of salt so regarding how I get my information is I follow a ton of other small businesses and I see what they do and I learn through observation and of course you want to Google everything double check everything look up small business finance videos that are made by Financial experts learn from people you can trust like literally pay for a CPA if you feel like you cannot do the research because it's better to spend money hiring an expert than messing up and losing a lot of money but just for beginners let's say you've been selling on Etsy for a while and you've been ramping up sales and you think wow I could do this for a living I want to make a business out of this I think once you get to the point where you can imagine yourself quitting your day job and pursuing this business full-time that's when you should get a separate bank account for me I did this pretty late I was selling on Etsy for whole year I made over twenty thousand dollars I finally switched to my own website and got a separate checking account you can literally go to any local bank your chase Your Key Bank I opened an online checking account through Novo just because it was like on nerd wallets list of best checking accounts for small businesses and from then on every purchase I made for my small business I charged it to that checking account and not my personal account this makes things way easier for yourself when it comes to tax season because on tax forms there will be sections where you can put in all the expenses that you had all the things that you spent money for your business and so much easier looking at your business checking account rather than your personal regarding expenses a lot of people like to keep receipts I'm not the type of person to keep receipts I'm the type of person to Chuck them in my pocket so that's why it's extremely important for me to keep everything in my business banking account so I can categorize them I use the Intuit QuickBooks self-employed app you can categorize expenses based on the different categories there are on your tax forms so that way when you file your tax return you can get some of your money back through deductibles now looking a little more into taxes I think all beginners should start with Etsy just because they provide you with the form they give you a 1099 format at the end of each tax year and it's the same form that all contractors get like if you do doordash or ubereats they'll provide you with a 1099 to file your taxes because technically you're a contractor for them same thing with patreon and YouTube I think but let's say you want to forego Etsy because they take a huge cut of your money and you just want to go straight to Shopify or Squarespace that is your own shop so you have to file your own taxes and that is why being diligent about keeping track of your expenses is super crucial if you're way more diligent about it then it'll be way easier for you to file my taxes I use Free Tax USA they do a free federal income tax return and it's 15 to file for your state tax return I just realized if you're not in the US all this tax stuff does not make any sense um I think I'm gonna move on from that I did file for an LLC because I just wanted uncomfit to be separate from me if something bad were to happen and each state has different rules for that like when I filed for my LLC I also filed for Colorado sales tax license so it's just things like that that you really have to Google what are the requirements for your state or the country that you live in I know this section may have been super confusing and anything around money can sort of be anxiety inducing so I just really want to end with this taxes and getting certain licenses to selling your state everything that comes with being self-employed is confusing but you'll get used to it so yeah don't let taxes stress you out I think that was all the questions relating to money so now we're gonna go on to the next topic I'd like to know if you could explain how you got started what really compelled you to begin your own business I have the worst time with inertia and I'd like to know how you overcame that especially since you are a self-confessed nervous personality um yes I'm pretty uncomfy like this whole filming experience is very uncomfortable for me still I guess it all has to do with my background and my experiences with having a regular job I started working since I was 15 years old my first job was at a baseball stadium and I worked at a Barry Kebab stand my job was to stick strawberries and bananas on sticks and drizzle them with chocolate and sell them to drunk people at a baseball game my second job after that was a hostess at Zoe's Kitchen and then I worked as a cashier my parents business they had a nail supply store I also worked as a server and that same year was also my first year of college so I was working a work study job on campus I worked at a center of identity inclusion basically helping run events for POC on campus designing posters for it then I had my first job as a designer I worked at an interdisciplinary Design Center on campus I was basically a ux UI designer working with engineering students to make these Community projects come to life and while I was doing that I worked at meow wolf Denver I was an intern there I helped build a lot of the sections and like stick flowers on the walls and stuff while I was doing all that stuff I did a bit of freelance graphic design nothing huge just like friends and family asking me to design logos or art for them but yeah all this to say I had a lot of work experience working with a boss with co-workers on a set schedule but finally during the pandemic when me and my friend started selling polymer clay charms and making a business out of it I just knew this is what I wanted to do because it was all I could think about I was pretty obsessed with growing on comfy and I'm the type of person who has to do something that they're passionate about I'm not the type of person that can just work a job that I don't care about I can't not like what I do you if you're having trouble starting something I would say start it as a hobby something with really low stakes start something with your friend even start something with your mom or your dad just have it as a passion project and I think the best small businesses that I've seen has always started off from something that they truly loved but as a nervous or uncomfy personality of course you're gonna be scared to do it and I think that all comes back to a fear of failure or a fear of being seen and a fear of being judged but what you need to realize is that life is short and I truly don't care about any of the people who follow me from high school make a new Instagram account don't follow anyone that you know just follow other small businesses that you want to be friends with and grow on your own terms without any shame because when you first start off No One's Gonna See It Anyway so just have fun with it dealing with anxiety and life stuff and starting a small business can feel very overwhelming how do you manage to take it one step at a time without putting too much pressure on yourself your art and your videos are so comforting thank you for that I'm so glad you find them comforting that's all I want these videos to be funny you ask because I put way too much pressure on myself for example when it comes to money I put a lot of pressure on myself to take care of my family and to take care of my parents and I take pride in being able to pay their phone bills stuff like that it got to a point where I was putting so much pressure on myself to make more and more money because I thought if I didn't give them money they wouldn't love me and obviously I wouldn't admit it at that point but I think when you're growing up and you have the responsibility of taking care of the finances taking care of yourself taking care of others it becomes really really taxing especially when you're self-employed the amount of money you make is dependent on how much you work really so if I just work harder I'll make more money then I'll be more worthy but it's never enough I really had this conversation with my parents and I finally understood that they still love me no matter what that I'm I'm worthy of Love even if I'm not exceptional and and even just saying that makes me choke up so I've been doing a lot of work on myself and like writing down my affirmations and listening to affirmations and really really reassuring myself that everything will be okay sort of along the same lines of that is how do you balance all the work you do with school do you function best when you schedule or plan everything out or when things are more open-ended or unscheduled I get really I get really anxious and overwhelmed with a high level of schedule and order I need space to be intuitive but also I'm not always very productive how do you balance that with all the work you do both in and out of school I can really really relate to you when it comes to just wanting to be intuitive about your day Rowena actually had a really good video about this when she was talking about how she plans out her weekend but the way I function best is when I get all the junk out of my head onto paper or onto my phone I set my biggest priorities like the things I absolutely have to do down on my planner so I know I have to do it that day and then on my phone recently I've been having like this like crazy Psychopathic list of everything that I do like wake up brush teeth workout shower eat breakfast check emails the list goes on and on and I like having that list because when I check that off it makes me feel accomplished for every little thing I do like it adds just as much importance to eating breakfast as there is to do my homework or submit a video so that's like one side of my personality who likes everything planned out but I realized that nothing goes as planned if I plan on sculpting but it's a super sunny day and I want to film then I'll film and then I'll sculpt my orders later at night and that's what I love about being self-employed is that I have so much freedom to rearrange my schedule I don't have any annoying Zoom meetings to attend or anything can you show a behind the scenes of how you Vlog and get the great detailed shots sure this is my vlogging setup I use the Amazon Basics tripod um it's pretty good I love this like cranky lover thing it does this is the camera that I use it's the Canon EOS 80d and it's like the creative kit that came with a ton of adjustable lenses but the main lens that I used to get all the detail shots is this really big lens it's the 18 by 35 millimeter lens and it has the capability to zoom a lot so this is what it usually looks like when I'm filming myself sculpt polymer clay and I also use this lens to Vlog I feel like with the bigger dslrs like these you can get a lot of depth of field that like the smaller vlogging cameras just like wouldn't have for the longest time I did want to buy the Sony zv1 or something like that the camera that I have the 80d it actually came out in 2016 so it's seven years old does not shoot in 4k it only goes up to 1080p but I'm actually really happy with this camera I also just use my iPhone this camera on the tripod it stays here I do not take it outside it's way too big for that but my iPhone is perfect I film on 4k on my iPhone 13 Pro honestly the picture quality is amazing you can still get depth of field like in my sculpting in a cafe video I was just filming on this phone on a small desk tripod and it worked great as far as audio video I recently upgraded to the rode mic Pro but yeah that's how I film my videos so now these are just some random personal artsy questions how did you know you wanted to be a clay artist do you have any other hobbies that you're planning to turn into a business or have you tried making other types of art before coming to realize clay artists is what you want it to be I come from a family of Artisans my grandpa is an amazing artist he loves to engrave things on wood and my uncle is also a skilled miniature artist he made like little ships and my cousin was an amazing painter and I just come from a family of artists it's truly heartwarming when I think about it growing up I had never met my relatives and I only found out when I was 20 years old that I'm just like them like my whole family in Vietnam loves art it was just like something that was meant to be so when it came to medium I think my first love is actually drawing and painting and I still want to explore more oil painting because I took an oil painting class last semester and it's really really fun but Palmer Clay was something that I had done since I was nine years old I still stop doing it because I grew out of it and then I found it again as a 19 year old and I still love it eventually I want to make bigger pieces I want to start throwing on the wheel and making Ceramics but I think there's something so special about polymer clay about how accessible it is but you can make something in your home kitchen oven the people in the polymer clay Community who make Miniatures are so so talented and you can make anything you want with polymer clay it's amazing just for fun do you know any of your personal Theory types learning about types that are similar to me as a still fully original and unique human has been really helpful for me in finding more comfy and less uncomfy as of now I only know my 16 personalities results and according to that test I'm an assertive Advocate or infj a assertive Advocates are introverted intuitive feeling judging and assertive they approach life with thoughtfulness and Imagination Guided by their principled version of humanism INFJs may be the rarest personnel type of all but they certainly leave their mark on the world idealistic in principle they aren't content to Coast through life they want to stand up and make a difference for Advocate personalities success doesn't come from money or status but from seeking fulfillment helping others and being a Force for good in the world I really hope this video helped you a lot whether or not you're thinking about starting a business or becoming an artist have confidence in yourself trust yourself trust the universe and any time you spend on your craft or your business none of that is wasted you will bear the fruits of your labor in time thanks for watching [Music] Rusty red on her shoulder I was cleaning her shoe when it clicked on I tried over Lee brushed and we braided dandelions it wasn't Mutual Arrangement people saw into

  Top Comments:
  1. @eeaa-hl9iu [2 likes]: "100k a year isn't that much" damn, lady... how out of touch are you???
  2. @hudsonfrank1121: I'm trying to quit my day job. I'm fed up with being treated poorly by my retail job. I am stepping down to 2 days a week for health insurance until I get my art career going. One benefit of not having a mortgage nor rent because you own your own place.
  3. @Jenfinity: Your authenticity is refreshing. You deserve more than $100k a year. I hope you feel comfortable with that soon! Great job.
  4. @philiplam7219: Are you my pimp?
  5. @Ymirsan2407: Thanks for this information!! I live in Colorado too how do you find vending events? I always somehow find out once it’s passed 😅
  6. @lemonbalm986: thank you for this amazing advice :) love your work!
  7. @jaylenevinal-b7x: Omg girl be proud of yourself
  8. @tendingyourspirit: Part 2 please!
  9. @HarambeHues01: I’m also an infj-a
  10. @Sailormoon-cg4bi: My yt recommendations are getting too local😂
  11. @LaylaDiamond-c3h: That's literally a degree right their, you are lucky to be getting 8k per month specially in art
  12. @scottlerocin: if only I was attractive
  13. @bruhdonferrari1156: 13:35 Love is something that almost everyone desires and it is always at your fingertips. 
Romans 8:38-39
"For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers,  neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord."
Jesus died for you who are reading this so that you would have eternal life if you believe in hm, but also as an example of his overwhelming love for you. Please put your trust in Jesus and get to know God.
  14. @HandCrafted-Cocktails: cool. where is your art?
  15. @ochnermariaeugenia3542: Gracias 🌷💛
  16. @sabus1265: You're not an artist you sell gimmicks. I wouldnt put your garbage "art" on my fridge.
  17. @kenny6920: So really youtube is where its at per usual
  18. @NovaArk28: Haahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahahahw
  19. @shannonpiccolo2504: i've been wanting to start a small clay business but i don't know what social app i should use to attract people to my items. What app do you recommend to start using for a small business?
  20. @TheGodProject4u: I want to be an artist but I don't really do a lot of graphic design. I love fine art so not sure but we shall see.

- How I Made My First Million - Investing in Art: Kind: captions Language: en how i made my first million dollars in the art market [Music] hello everyone and welcome to this episode of talking treasure i'm your host david aaron carpenter sometimes your hobbies should be taken very seriously and could lead to major financial gains in the future my foray into the daunting and seemingly complex art market happened by happenstance in march of when i was browsing the post-war and contemporary sale at christie's auction in new york's rockefeller center it was only a year after i created a fine violins business for my family and like any startup entrepreneur i certainly didn't have cash to be buying pricey artwork yep that's jeff bezos in 1999. go tigers the sale then was a learning experience for me as i got to know one of the specialists at christie's who helped me navigate through the entire art market the first artwork i purchased was an adolf gottlieb 1954 painting which we bought for just over fifty five thousand dollars this led to me researching more and more in the christies and sotheby's catalogues and popping into their galleries to learn more and more about and how to approach this large and somewhat secretive market the next purchase i made in the art market was another fluke it was the following year in 2012 when the evening and day sales took place at the large auction houses i of course couldn't even fathom looking at the pieces that were selling in the evening sales for millions of dollars but i did follow and attend both the evening and day sales at christie's one work in particular a 1964 willem de kooning painting from a prominent estate for some reason didn't find bidders in the room i followed that lot and spoke to one of the specialists who told me that the work was misplaced at the end of a marathon day sale it wasn't viewed properly by potential bidders i learned from this early point to approach the art market like i did the musical instrument sector and to do all my homework about the painting's full provenance exhibition history and condition after doing all of this research i was confident enough to put in a bid that was well below the stated reserve price in the christie's catalog and one that i knew would be a fantastic investment in price if i were to get it by a stroke of luck the estate that owned the de kooning had a great sale and sold over 90 of their works with christie's so they basically needed this painting off the books and didn't really care about the offers that they received so we put in a ridiculously low offer in expecting the estate to come back with a counter offer and surprisingly they accepted the offer we managed to buy the work for around four hundred thousand dollars and it was estimated between six to eight hundred thousand dollars at auction i was beyond ecstatic and had the artwork brought to my townhouse in new york city where we displayed it for a couple of years it was next to my piano alongside another 1964 de kooning painting so one afternoon i hosted a small party and a friend of mine who happened to work at a major gallery in new york city stopped by she saw the work and immediately told me she could sell it at a major art fair in south america i was hesitant to part with it because i truly loved this work and i only agreed to do it if i were to get over a million dollars i was not expecting my friend to say yes but she did i consigned the work to her gallery for a couple of months and she was able to sell it it sold for above a million dollars but now it's comfortably worth between two and three million dollars following the sale of another de kooning painting to ken griffin for 300 million dollars my piece seems very reasonable so because of the sale of the de kooning painting i was able to 1031 exchange the painting for another which means that you could defer the capital gains to the next painting bought this tax strategy which is often used in trading real estate unfortunately no longer applies to artwork i eventually sold that piece for another kusama and robert motherwell painting long story short my path to making millions of dollars in the r world was always a process of buying and selling to upgrade over 20 paintings later i can now afford many works by some of the most famous artists and hold those works for many years which was always my long-term objective i have a feeling that i'm probably going to buy the de kooning painting i sold back my advice to anyone who is trying to get into the art market learn as much as you can about the artists you're interested in and start small i started in the art world with paintings that were only a few thousand dollars and then bought and sold opportunistically until i could afford works by the greatest artists also most people are intimidated to even go to the auction houses but my message to all of you is don't be walk in check out the sales schedules on the websites and plan accordingly sometimes even on the weekends some of the auction houses serve coffee and tea so it's a win-win so i hope you've enjoyed this episode of talking treasure and i hope to see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @arathmiguelnerirojas1253 [6 likes]: I like this videos. I would like a new category of videos, You talking abaout tecnics of the viola and how yo play it like you. ♥
  2. @ashleythibault5434 [5 likes]: Another nicely made video, David. I've also been wondering the story of the painting behind you that is your backdrop. It's a very captivating piece of art.
  3. @julycrisfer [4 likes]: I agree, investing in artworks can provide amazing profits.
  4. @samueljo8073 [3 likes]: Great video, like always!
  5. @JonahCrowder [2 likes]: Very intriguing. I'm looking forward to your next video. Thanks for sharing.
  6. @kanamekiyru [1 likes]: Step 1: have $55,000
  7. @bvmheart [1 likes]: I love how you pick up your viola 🎻🕺🏻😂like a sword
  8. @oliverhojas [1 likes]: That's super inspiring! Subscribed to your channel. Can't wait to see more of your videos.
  9. @LITTLEBLANKETCC [1 likes]: Those penguins  distracted me 😂😂😂.  Great video !!!
  10. @bifeldman: Why does this feel icky?
  11. @StagnantMizu: you earned another sub.
  12. @nickidaisydandelion4044: David I'm a modern artist. Would you take a look at my gallery of paintings and sculptures? My artwork is deeply healing and my two houses are flowing over with my art I have no idea where I should bring my art work. We are planning to move to the high desert and before we move I am hoping to find someone to adopt my art works into a good home where it is handled well. I would be happy to sell you my art works for an extremely low price.
  13. @raymondhooks855: Do you have a recommendation for an art advisor?
  14. @juliancardenas4474: Dear David, I have sent you an Instagram dm message about an art piece.
  15. @cactusislandnurseryflorida: As a great violist you more than do justice to the fine art of music, but the contemporary art market and the "art world" are completely phony financial instrument for money laundering and a tax dodge for the rich and has been for over a century.  Like a wingless airplane that manages to fly in perpetuity, as long as it continues to function as such it will not likely crash anytime soon, but then that's not absolutely guaranteed.
  16. @RudolfdeLang: Is it safe to buy art online?
  17. @Helz777: Discovered you via that wonderful little collab you did with Rob Landes. The art world sounds like the classic car world. Fascinating. Your play videos are wonderful too.
  18. @lekhchineyakoub7395: I have viola Antonio Stradivari 1713, and I want to know if he's real
  19. @jasminet7690: I love these thank you so so much.

- I Tried Selling My First Painting (Was It A Fail?): Kind: captions Language: en Can I make my first art sale from my Miami Design District based home art studio and turn that into a 10K a month art business? That's what I'm starting today with this art studio vlog. This is episode one of my journey. From zero art sales to building a real art business [music] from home. The first goal is simple. Make the first art sale. The bigger goal, scale that to 10K a month. I'm not using an art gallery. I want to see if I can do this >> [music] >> directly without any art galleries or art agents. As I start this piece, I'm not just thinking about the art. I'm thinking about what actually gets someone to make an art investment. The first art sale is everything. It proves demand. It proves this can work. It proves there really is art money out there. >> A big part of this journey is pre-retirement planning. Not in the traditional sense, but building something now that can replace income before I ever get there. I don't want to wait decades to figure out mortgage payoff strategies. If this works, this becomes an exit plan. To reach 10K a month, it starts with one buyer and finding my ideal art customer avatar. One piece, one decision. From there, it becomes a system. Originals, prints, and custom artwork building on that first proof. The challenge is I'm not doing this in a vacuum. The art scene here is competitive. High-end art galleries, >> established artists, and events like Miami Art Basel set a completely different standard. So, the question becomes, can my home art studio setup actually compete at that level? I'm also doing this on a limited budget. No big marketing spend. No paid exposure. So, I'm learning to use platforms like YouTube and Instagram as my gallery, my marketing, and my direct connection to those looking for master works, art investment opportunities. All at the same time. That's a whole different learning curve on top of creating the art. Instead of relying on art galleries, I'm building this in public, letting people see the creative workflow, the story, and the value behind each art piece. If I can get the first sale this way, I can repeat it and scale it. This is where things start to come together. Not just the painting, but the idea that this could actually lead somewhere. Making the first sale is the hardest. After that, it becomes a path. Let's head to the next episode where I'm going to focus on how I'm trying to land that first art sale without a gallery. If you want to follow the selling art journey from first sale to 10K a month, subscribe. I'm also open to a limited number of custom canvases and signed prints. DM me directly if you're interested.

  Top Comments:
  1. @miamiworldart: 🔥 Can I turn my first art sale into a $10K/month art business… starting from $0?
This is Episode 1 — building a real path, no gallery, just execution.
💡 DM me for info on investing in this or any of my art pieces as a canvas or custom print 💡
🎯 If you’ve ever thought about investing in art, this is the ground floor.
Follow the journey — watch the next episode and subscribe.https://www.youtube.com/s/gaming/emoji/7ff574f2/emoji_u1f4a1.png

- The Best First Luxury Watches You Can Buy (2024): Kind: captions Language: en one of the most exciting yet intimidating times as a collector is when you're making the plunge to acquire your first luxury watch and how do you navigate this is usually the question where should I begin now part of the reason why I love watches is because of the individual expression of deciding to collect one watch versus the other but if you just wanted a jumping off point or say maybe a family member of mine was asking okay where should I begin with my luxury watch Journey this would be a list that I would recommend as some very safe great first luxury watch choices so around 3 years ago we looked at this topic but we didn't have the same amount of watches available to us and there's a lot of updates since then so I wanted to revisit this because the market has completely changed since the last time we published that video a couple points of criteria as I was trying to develop this list one is that I don't want these watches to be going over $10,000 there might be one exception I'll make here but I think you'll hopefully let it slide also these have to be safe choices watches that are going to work in a variety of scenarios most likely maybe have some iconic status along understanding amongst collectors that these are some very safe but also great picks to really do anything if you wanted to pick this one watch to maybe be the only watch that you could possibly own now before we kick things off I do want to mention a new feature on our website that we're really trying to improve and that is on our live chat so you may have been to our website and been looking around for some watches but now we have over 12 hours a day someone on live chat these are watch enthusiasts members of our team team that are very knowledgeable about the products that we sell it's very important to me that if you guys have questions we have the answers and can have someone that you can actually talk to in real time online for any watch that you're specifically looking at so if you have any questions head over to the site be happy to help you out so if I could argue maybe the one brand that probably is going to be the safest and maybe the first brand that comes to mind when people think of luxury watches it's going to be Rolex so we have to talk about a few here one that I would recommend first is going to be the Rolex Oyster Perpetual the Rolex o Perpetual now sits at the entry door of pricing for the brand and still delivering probably one of the most viable watches from an everyday point of view you have a variety of different case sizes I would say the sweet spot for most people probably watching this video would be the 36 or the 41 mm options you now have the latest generation of calibers with the 3230 on the inside now the caliber might change depending on what Oyster Perpetual case you're going for but for the ones we're speaking to here that will be what you'll be looking at 36 is going to wear like classic roll X oyster cases of decades prior then you have the 41 that offers up a bit more of some modernity to the concept 70 plus hour power Reserve superlative chronometer is going to work within CC parameters to have great accuracy 904 L stainless steel and in addition a variety of dial colors that you can choose from so you can basically have the choice of deciding do I want something that's more playful or do I want something that is going to be more down the middle like a blue or a black and speaking of black dials we have to talk Rolex Explorer if I had to pinpoint point the oneandone concept from Rolex the one watch that could basically do it all and you could just walk away from watch collecting for the rest of your life this might be the one now also interesting in the Modern Collection for the Explorer family you have two different size options that is not something that we've really seen in the past from Rolex usually it is going to be either 36 we saw the transition to 39 now we have a 36 and a 40 mm available simultaneously many of the same specifications when it comes to the movement on the inside of the Oyster Perpetual are going to be carried over here the down presentation ultimately going to be altered to that 369 layout I also find the Explorer to be slightly more dressy it's harder to pinpoint I think I talked about this in a previous video more recently that the 369 and just the way that the loom sits in the watch here compared to the Oyster Perpetual where the loom is more on display within those rectangular indicators here it's more sleek understated and I think that allows it to be dressed up even more compared to some of the oyster perpetuals that will vary also depending on what dial you go for and then for the final recommendation for Rolex we had to include this this is the Rolex Submariner and then also the Submariner date the Submariner date is going to be over $10,000 but the Rolex Submariner is going to be retailing at $99,100 this is where I was mentioning at the beginning of the video there's one exception to that $10,000 Rule and I think this is going to be more than acceptable hopefully you'll give me some leniency here on letting this one slide I mean what else can be said about this watch you have an icon to the highest degree fit and finish is some of the best in class if not the best in class the bracelet is phenomenal it's a professionally capable watch yet practical in Daily scenarios no matter your lifestyle and how I like to look at the Submariner is yes it is something that is frequently talked about it may have lost some of its novelty over the years given its popularity but same as going to your favorite restaurant and picking the same dish every time yes it might not wow you like it did the first time you saw it or the first time you ate it uh the same thing could be said about the Submariner just because it's been traveled before talked about a lot maybe you've enoy enoyed it on previous occasions doesn't stop you from enjoying it again now we have to shift to another brand that is on the short list of Brands to consider when you're looking at your first luxury watch that is Omega similar to Rolex Omega has many different entry points and there's a lot to get lost in one of the watches you have to consider is the aquatera this is a watch that so many people have decided on as their first luxury watch but nowadays there are many to choose from you have the shades models you have the te wood models and then recently we also got a new release from the brand with the back lacquer dials and this is going to actually be my choice for a couple of reasons number one this probably gives you the most flexibility on wearing situations for any aquatera thus far given a couple things one is that the dial surface is going to be more standard and not going to potentially clash as much I don't think the Teakwood is going to get in the way of being able to wear that watch every single day but I think with this black Sleek dial you probably have even more viability in that regard you also have two different case sizes to choose from you have a 38 mm option and and a 41 mm option both come with 150 M of water resistance the main differentiator outside of size between these watches is going to be the 8800 movement on the 38 mm option and the 8900 movement on the 41 mm option and one final point about these black lacer dials is they do incorporate some micro adjustment in the clasp now being able to be done without any tools as well so we'll come back to Omega a little bit later but I just want to diversify maybe some of the list here so we're going to shift over to another brand IWC looking at their Mark 20 the mark 20 was the follow-up to the mark1 18 released in 2022 and it delivered many upgrades compared to the previous generation of the mark series The Watch comes in a 40 mm diameter but the lug to Lug was slim down in terms of its length you're at 49 mm not going to be the shortest of lengths for a 40mm watch but much more manageable compared to the previous mark1 18 water resistance was also boosted up to 100 m for the mark 20 and then you also have a movement that is going to be utilized on the inside the automatic 3211 1 this comes with 5 days of power Reserve while still operating at 28,800 vibrations per hour so there's no slowing of the beat frequency to still achieve that nice Reserve nice variety of dial choices for the mark 20 unbeatable legibility great bracelet that you can opt for and also having some on the-fly adjustment there and then also this thing can work with basically any strap that you throw at it moving along to another brand that I think needs to be mentioned here and that is Grand SEO I struggled identifying what is the perfect Grand SEO watch for a list like this and there were three watches I was considering one was the sbgm221 so that is the 4 Herz powered mechanical GMT under $5,000 an amazing buy from the brand but then you have another watch to consider the sbga 211 the snowflake that was the watch that I would say was the first wave of establishing popularity of grand SEO in other markets outside of Japan in the last decade and then the other watch that I wanted to consider and that was ultimately the watch that I decided to mention here it's the sbga 413 known as the spring and this was a watch that was released with in the Four Seasons collection when that happened that was the second wave after the snowflake where I really started to see the perception of grand SEO change and popularity for the brand surge so why is this watchh so special I think a few things here that I love about this wash one is going to start with the case this is the 62gs case this is my favorite case from Grand Seiko overall it wears amazing on so many different wrists it's 40 mm so it's not small but reasonable lug to Lug and then you also have a interesting silhouette one you do not have a traditional bezel so you just look at how this Crystal will shoot up straight from that Central case it's very unique and I love the way that it's able to play with these harsh angles on the case that also feel elegant and then you have the dial which I don't even know if I can go any further about expressing my love for this dial there is this sporadic texture that feels balanced in its imperfection to almost feel perfect that can make any sense to you all but then also you are getting this color chameleon like feel with this piece that is unlike almost any other Grand SEO dial except a few others but this one when I first got handson with this watch I thought no way I saw the Press images it looked pink it's not for me but the way it's able to play with the light silver to Pink it tells a story at every single angle then you have the fact that it's a titanium case and bracelet and then the 9R 65 is a tort of force of technical achievement in engineering you have a 70h hour power Reserve it's going to run within 15 seconds a month of perfect accuracy and you're combining all of these elements of engineering into one idea it has the perks of a mechanical watch with having its endless power supply coming with the winding through a main spring so no battery required but then on the other side it's able to counteract some of the challenges that come with mechanical watches things like friction and also accuracy so with a quartz oscillator and then being able to have an electromagnetic impulse being sent to a Glide wheel to basically act as a frictionless brake so you're basically getting a self-sufficient movement that will wind with your wear while also being Ultra accurate coming with no expense of friction now we jump back to Omega and the one Omega watch we have to include is going to be the Omega speed master there are now a few new updates to the Omega speed master line since the previous video so we did mention that there was in 2021 the release of the Omega Speedmaster professional Moon watch now with the 3861 on the inside but since then there's now a new white dial version you've also seen some upgrades with the bracelet as well so Sapphire sandwich option as well as a heite they'll be around $1,000 price differ difference you're looking at $7,000 for it on the bracelet for the heite and then $8,000 for the Sapphire version 42mm case across all these different models these washes that wear like a dream 47. 12 mm for the lug to Lug there that is around the same lug to Lug as the tutor black B 58 so that is a watch that's praised for being this small and mediumsized dive watch you have the 42mm speed master matching it on that length side which makes this probably one of the most wearable cases universally in the entire industry this is also going to incorporate a Master chronometer coaxial escapement within the professional Moon watch which was a huge development and then now having a new white dial to choose from with all of these models you have some slight differentiators the white dial is basically going to mirror the Sapphire version perfectly in between those two models you have a few things to call out one is going to be the bracelet interior links are going to be polished you also have an applied Omega logo on the dial sapphire crystal on top and then also having a sapphire exhibition case back to see the 3861 on the back side the bracelets are going to be BAS basically the same apart from the clasp does have a slight difference on the white you have this black and linear pattern on the white dial where the linear pattern on the Sapphire version is not going to have that blackened effect then for the heite version printed dial completely and then not going to have the polishing on those Center links and of course not being able to see the movement on the backside but you do get this cool inscription of the NASA reference and this being flight tested by NASA back in the 1960s the other update is the micro adjustment in the clasp you have around 3 mm or so of on thefly adjustment within that clasp with a small little trigger on the flip side of that clasp in the past few years tutor has been very busy upgrading the black Bay collection and that has come with a new 41mm black Bay and really reimagining what the concept of the black Bay is going to be going forward a few things to call out here is going to be a new upgraded movement as well as concept of a master chronometer now being available in the 41mm black Bay so we saw the black monochrome version this year we also saw the burgundy version last year and this is the sign of the future for tutor and this is more of a recent development and it will be interesting to see how they incorporate Master chronometers going forward outside of Omega this is really the only brand that is doing this for a whole lineup of watches with this new version of the black Bay you have an upgraded bracelet different Crown design also we're going to have some slight different notching to the bezel dial finish is going to be slightly different as well but another huge benefit for this new black Bay is going to be hot wears on the wrist now 41 mm might seem like it's going to be too large for many people out there and if you've worn the previous black Bays probably might be the case considering that those watches were 15 mm thick once they transitioned to the Mt calibers but with this new version you have a millimeter and a half being cut off the top to allow it to be 13.6 mm thick so not the thinnest of watches but way more manageable than it was previously and further a 49.3 MM lug to Lug which with the multi-link bracel I think actually wears maybe even more compact than that or no larger or longer than that further you have a 70h hour power reserve and the tfit clasp to go along with it which is probably some of the best on the Fly adjustment in the entire industry I was debating on where to start this video in terms of price range and where would be the entry point where somebody could get into this concept of luxury and that's it's a loaded term it's kind of a nasty word in some ways too and I don't want to be the deci of all things luxury but if I had to try to get around the semantics of classifying that term and what would constitute it I would say this watch also is a fit and that is the long jeene Spirit Zulu time when the zulu time was released I thought this was a huge turning point where long jeene yes established history many people are familiar with the brand but this is where I felt that there was a sense of what the enthusiasts wanted with this watch and how long jeene was able to deliver and use this as a springboard to basically just knock out release after release over the last few years the Zulu was also a watch that looked back to a part of their history that I would argue is as rich as any when it comes to Pilot and Aviation watches as well as GMT watches back in 1925 long jeene released the first dual time zone watch in a wrist watch form with their Zulu keep in mind this is a quarter Century before many other traveling in GMT watches were unveiled in the 1950s a time period where we mostly crowned the Genesis of most GMT watches that we know today the Zulu now is available in a 39 mm case a 42 mm case you have SG models to choose from as well as a new titanium case to choose from in the 39mm format another huge reason for the success of this watch was the movement on the inside you were getting a Coos certified movement also a proprietary caliber that is used by long jeene assembled in their facility and going to be of the true GMT variety before this there was really only one door in town to go to when it came to a GMT a true GMT watch in the luxury segment and that was a Tut to Black Bay GMT this answered the call for many enthusiasts to have an alternative while also being cheaper in the process and a ton of History to lean on the original Zulu watch came out in 1925 Hans wisdorf didn't register the name tutor until 1926 another watch that we have to talk about is the Omega C Master diver 300 meter this is a no-brainer and I would argue maybe the most complete watch for around $6,000 if you had somebody that was a dear friend of mine I have $6,000 to spend what's a watch that I should buy this would be one of the watches that I would recommend without question for years this watch was a representation of the entry door of luxury dive watches and still to this point today is right there you have a 42 mm case 13.5 mm in thickness lug to Lug pretty manageable at 49.7 MM considering the 42 mm diameter you get 300 M of water resistance professionally capable with the ceramic bezel and then a beautiful wave ceramic dial now getting a variety of different dial colors to choose from since the previous video we've also seen the release of the green dial version which is spectacular in person on the inside is the Omega 8800 caliber 55-hour power Reserve this is a master chronometer watch sapphire crystal with double AR and you basically feel like you can just see this watch at every single angle you're going to have no obstruction of view with that AR treatment that just looks phenomenal next up we have an iconic chronograph that is the representation I think of when I imagin this brand and that is the brightling navitimer the brightly Nai timer now is going to be available in a wide variety of sizes so you now have a 40 1 mm option 43 mm option and a 46 mm option one thing I love about the modern navitimer is because of these different case sizes a watch that was always perceived as only being available and viable for people with larger risk now could be worn by basically any RIS size that you can imagine on the inside you have the automatic brightling B 01 their in-house mechanical chronograph movement that is going to be superb in its look for its price range but also in terms of its specification 70 plus hours of power reserve and being CC certified and beyond all of this you can't over over State the importance that brightling had in Pilot watch design and one other watch that I want to mention here to close is from cardier and it is the cardier Santos day cardier this is one of my favorite watches from the brand I know many people when they think of cardier perhaps they think of the tank first but for me I've always been a fan of the Santos and I think the Santos as well for most people might be a better choice for a first luxury watch given that it can be worn in scenarios where maybe you need to dress up but also can dress down it has some sporty upside with 100 met of water resistance the bracet gives it a bit more ump in the sports category to go along with it and the history of Alberto Santos dant when he requested a watch a first pilot watch and some would argue the first wrist watch the Santos was the line that established cardier even before the tank of now of which is one of the most important luxury names in the industry with watches that are hard to beat you also have a medium version and a larger version the on the-fly adjustment with the bracelet sizing is very nice and throw in the two-tone option as something else to consider this is one of the coolest looking two-tone watches in the industry in my opinion one other final thing I'll say too though about maybe a drawback of this watch is it does scratch like crazy but my stance on things like this is that when I scratch my watch I know it's mine then and watches are ultimately meant to be worn but all right guys that is my video here today looking at some great first luxury watch purchases in 2024 if you enjoyed the video please let me know in the comments down below also give this video a thumbs up really do appreciate that is there another watchh that you would say would be on a short list like this as a first luxury watch purchase did you decide on something else or what would you recommend for a first luxury watch purchase for someone out there leave a comment down below also definitely check out Teddy bald star.com full authorized dealer of 30 Brands quick and fast fulfillment dedicated customer support full factory warranty for all the products that we offer team working around the clock on live chat to answer any of your questions and also allows to keep doing what we're doing here and producing content so if you are on the market for watch we'd absolutely love to have your business but guys thank you again so much for watching be well and I will see you all very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @HarishPanlaqui: So glad to see Breitling get in on the action! The Premier is gorgeous! I bought the Avenger Chronograph at :yt: amzswis :yt: and was pleasantly surprised by the packaging and quality! But all in all, a great list of watches here!
  2. @LeonaGarrison-e9y: OMG, the rose gold Coke GMT looks absolutely outstanding. I purchased it at :yt: amzswis :yt: and I love it!
  3. @AnnaDavis-o7v: A price tag that is easy to justify. Every price tag on  :yt: amzswis :yt: is easy to justify.
  4. @BetsyBolton1: It's amazing how accessible luxury watch designs have become through sites like  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  5. @MaryWhitaker-w9b: Just recieved my thing from  :yt: amzswis :yt: and it is insane
  6. @CrownTimepiece: Truly beautiful time pieces. If only I could ever save up enough for one of these 😀
  7. @FahrenwaldSoga: a Rolex is only "worth" $2k the extra $78k is for the name, So why not buy :yt: amzswis :yt:
  8. @JoseJose-r8u: Beautiful watch! I wonder if similar design styles can be found on  :yt: amzswis :yt:
  9. @TheSavageB: My first was a Tudor Blackbay Bronze, love it more and more everyday.
  10. @CelesteHall-f6n1t: On a waiting list for 4 years for a submariner so although I am against fakes this  :yt: amzswis :yt: replica is becoming a very attractive alternative
  11. @DannielleBeard-v9n: A bargain for the level of craftsmanship on display.  :yt: amzswis :yt: is where you find real bargains.
  12. @CarrieCaldwell-l8c7z: The craftsmanship of  :yt: amzswis :yt:fake watches cant be beaten
  13. @SandraShepard-e2i: It's always fun to appreciate high-end timepieces. For budget-conscious collectors,  :yt: amzswis :yt: offers many beautifully styled options at reasonable prices.
  14. @JeriFranklin: I bought a brand new Audemars Piguet at :yt: amzswis :yt:, and a Rolex and Cartier for a fraction of the price. That's really what I'm most satisfied with.
  15. @KimWhitaker-m3c: If it's that close to the real one, buy the  :yt: amzswis :yt: , no one will know.
  16. @milesbocknek9061: Put Rolex last....i personally would never own a Rolex...just too common....and overpriced...you are buying a logo...not the technology in the manufacturing of the item
  17. @ShawnaSandoval-x1e: As a watch enthusiast, appreciating high-end design is a joy.  :yt: amzswis :yt: allows me to own watches with similar aesthetics at a price I can afford.
  18. @IvaRodriguez-x7s: Loving the whole understated look.  :yt: amzswis :yt: definitely pushes that aesthetic.
  19. @SusanHamilton-q9y: Can't lie… this is pretty much the style that keeps popping up on my  :yt: amzswis :yt: feed.
  20. @BabatWooster: People like me are considering  :yt: amzswis :yt: replicas as they can’t get real ones. I’m not prepared to pay 5k over list on grey market and I like the designs. I registered at my ad at the weekend. Going to be waiting an age, but in the meantime replica will suffice

- Just a regular billionaire: Kind: captions Language: en nice Wheels yeah well so how old is this caddy I think it's about 5 years or so you think the third richest man in the world might have his own chauffeur but not Warren Buffett he prefers being in the driver's seat do any of your billionaire friends ever joke with you about the Cadillac and that you're driving and not a something flashier uh no they really they know me pretty well on a cold winter morning Buffett chauffered me around his hometown of Omaha Nebraska pointing out all the hotpots this is the McDonald's I go to frequently so what do you have at McDonald's probably three times out of four I get a sausage in a muffin but then at lunchtime I get a quarter pounder and fried a modest meal for a man worth some 46 billion his humble tastes have humble Origins yeah that is true it was a Ser robot house and in those days they called it Ser robu not Ser Buffett took us to his childhood home my dad bought it from 1925 he bought about two weeks before he was going to get married he paid $55 a month on his mortgage 55 a month a month on the mortgage Buffett since moved but says his new home is no Palace either I could buy any house in the world and and I don't want any other house than the one I'm in you know and that house is in a middle class neighborhood I'm happy in a pair of khakis in a sweater so I I don't I I don't need fancy clothes I don't need fancy food do you have an iPad I do not have an iPad iPhone no yeah he prefers books and reads avidly even as a boy Buffett whose father started a small stock brokerage devoured anything he could find on money and I bought my first stock when I was 11 which is incredible that at 11 years old you were buying your first stock well I would have bought it sooner but I didn't have the money it took me took me about 5 years to save $120 that was in 1941 oh there I am down at the bottom here there you are in the over here and that's Bob Russell and Rich you kind of have like a little bit of a grin on your face I must have must have been thinking about uh Investments at the Time Warren Buffett now 82 has vowed to give his money away to charity so this is you well this is me and my classmates which it's a fortune he's been building since his days here at Rose Hill elementary school when you were sitting here at Rose Hill Elementary did you think at that point I want to be the richest man in the world someday no but I thought I wanted to be rich what appealed to you about being rich well I like to be independent I want to be able to do what I want to do every day and and and money lets you do that was Fortune Magazine writer Carol Lumis is a close friend she's been covering Buffett's career for 46 years tap dancing to work is a collection of her articles about him what would you say is his biggest strength well his biggest strength without doubt is his rationality that he brings to business and investing and uh this is a trait rationality that you would think many investors uh would bring to their work but the fact is uh most of them are swept up by emotions most of the time at some crucial time and he never does that if you had invested $1,000 in Buffett's company and say April of 1966 your Holdings today would be worth $6.5 million what role has luck played in your success well there's luck enters into everybody's life and Buffett says that begins at Birth the womb from which you emerge uh determines uh your fate to an enormous degree for most of the 7 billion people in the world just in my own case I was born in 1930 I had two sisters that have every but the intelligence I have every but the drive but they didn't have the same opportunities because you were a man and I was white uh so if I'd been black my future would have been entirely different if I'd been a female my life would have been entirely different Buffett is just as outspoken about economic inequality in a 2011 New York Times editorial he wrote while the poor and middle class fight for us in Afghanistan and While most Americans struggle to make ends meet we Mega Rich continue to get our extraordinary tax breaks I would say that in a country with $50,000 of GDP per person that nobody should be hungry nobody should La a good education nobody should be worried about medical care you know nobody should be worried about their old age and that doesn't mean looking for an equality of results I mean you want great inequality results you want the Steve Jobs to be working in those garages or the Dave Packers or Bill Gates you name it but you do not want anybody going to bed hungry or or or add Medical Care denied to them or just the basics of Life what about our debt $16.4 trillion it's a lower percentage of a percentage of GDP than it was when we came out of World War II you've got to think of it in relation to GDP it is not a good thing to have it going up in in relation to GDP that should be that should be stabilized and but the debt itself is not a problem so what the biggest problem facing President Obama in his second term I would say congress but you know we look at Washington you get discouraged but I will tell you what what is right about America just totally dwarfs what's wrong about Washington 535 people are not going to mess up 315 million over time you believe that oh I know it yeah to see the future Buffett says all we need to do is remember our past if you really want to know the Wonder of America look about you and then you know take it back in time 200 years and it wasn't there so what's happened we've had a system that's released the potential of human beings but we will have hiccups along the way and we had a big hiccup when the when the housing bubble burst in 2008 but the Dow Jones average in the 20th century went from 66 to 11,497 we went through the Great Depression World Wars all kinds of things and this country just keeps chugging forward it's hard to walk away from Warren Buffett without feeling optimistic it's even harder to sit across from him without wondering do you have any stock tips for me well just between you yes it'll be our little secret yeah but it's no secret that Buffett puts his money in stocks the average person will not know enough to know which stocks to buy they won't know enough to know when to buy them but they don't have to because if they can buy all of America through an index fund and then they just have to be sure they don't jump in at exactly the wrong time and they won't know what's exactly the wrong time so therefore they should put their money in over a period of time and they'll have some periods that are wonderful and some that weren't so good but overall they will do fine over time Warren Buffett has done better than fine in fact he's done well enough to have no regrets it would be chish for anybody with all the good luck I've had in life and I I to look back and say you know that this could have been better that could have been better it's been wonderful do you look back not much I think it's a big mistake to look back

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrs.becomes1234 [2 likes]: A grateful heart....humble....
  2. @AnnBenjamin-n7r5m [1 likes]: I'm looking for decent way to contact Jeff Bezos and come across your picture. Did you get the message I sent my Mom about certain accounting issues that have been bothering me? 
    Be very careful about CA.
  3. @ab7_92 [1 likes]: I love this great man ❤
I adore him
  4. @SJGBII55: Oh look how cute! A billionaire!
  5. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: Be what u want once we get there until then u are the same as the poorest
  6. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: Ur going to have to buy my property and real estate at least u would be doing something right haha
  7. @deniseannmuffler5479: I honestly believe it is a mortal sin to remain a billionaire, when people all around are practically starving to death, working three jobs, exhaustedly feeding their families and going without proper medical care. They cannot afford the insurance, etc. These are just a couple of examples.
  8. @AThinkerGirlYCNB: How awesome ❤❤❤
  9. @mh2tw: Some people make themselves hungry. There will always be the results of bad decision making. It’s important to distinguish between the family who can’t make ends meet and the people making 100k who spend 100k a year.
  10. @dongpingwang: 💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  11. @daily_bie: 😂
  12. @Deanmrsuperx: Dean7
  13. @deang789: Buffett’s parents were Howard Homan Buffett and Leila (Stahl) Buffett. Howard was a four-term Republican U.S. Congressman from Nebraska, a stockbroker, and a businessman known for his conservative values. 
JUST YOUR AVERAGE SELF MADE MAN!😅😅😅
  14. @capt.obvious4487: So fake, him just driving around like us ordinary folks. I would bet there are at least 5 bodyguards driving right alongside of him
  15. @675010056: ✨💖💕🙏💎🙏💕💖✨
  16. @bridgetthornton8292: Why does he not give away his wealth now like Chuck Feeney did making sure all his millions were given away to the needy
  17. @NagarajanNatarajan: the real man live real life, he is the best man of the world
  18. @onlythebiggesthitsoneleano8461: I like how he drives an old car and eats the cheapest deal on the menu.

Paucity makes a formidable guard dog.
  19. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: I dont have the time bye
  20. @Krystyna-n6z: ❤❤❤❤

- The Teen Sneaker Dealer to the Rich and Famous: Kind: captions Language: en - [Voiceover] Any shoe you need, I probably have. If I don't have it, I can get it for you in 24 hours. If you're a rapper and you have a video shoot, and you need the shoes coming out in two weeks, I just have to make a call, and I'll get it for you. - [Voiceover] Everyday millions of people tune to DJ Khaled's Snapchat. - The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. - [Voiceover] One of my favorite DJ Khaled appearances is this kid. - [Khaled] Ben, how's business in the new year? - Booming. - [Khaled] I see you. - [Voiceover] He's 16 years old and he's at the helm burgeoning sneaker empire. One that he says has done nearly a million dollars in business and boasts clients like DJ Khaled and Chris Brown. - Are you at the studio? - [Voiceover] Meet the Sneaker Don. - So, my name is Benjamin Kapelushnik, people call me Benjamin Kicks, but most of you guys know me as the Sneaker Don. School ends at three o'clock and I get home at, like, four. I eat dinner, do some homework, and go straight to the office space. - [Voiceover] And like any good don, family's important. - I'm Ben's littlest brother. I'm his manager, so if you need anything, call me. - [Voiceover] Okay, not that family. - I'm the mother of the Sneaker Don. To me, he's my little boy, but I also see a businessman. He had a goal, he's self-driven, he's motivated, he's a hard worker. - [Voiceover] The great dons, they say, come from humble beginnings. - [Benjamin] The first pair of sneakers that actually got me in the sneaker game, I was in fifth grade, the galaxy pack came out, and I got the Lebrons. I loved sneakers after that. Probably around sixth grade when my parents didn't want to fund my sneaker hobby anymore I had to figure out a way how to get the money for it. And then I realized if I buy five or ten pairs by paying people to stand in line for me, I could sell it to a larger clientele and make more money, plus get my shoes for free. And then it just finally broke through and money just started coming in. At first it amazed me how sneakers can go for, like, so much money for like one shoe people are charging a thousand and I thought it was a, like, joke or something. - [Voiceover] $1,000? But hey that's why he's the Sneaker Don. So, what comes next? - [Benjamin] Really excited to open up a physical store. The first location is gonna be Miami, and then I'm trying to do L.A., New York, and Chicago. All my friends, when they dropped out of the sneaker game they're like "It's dead, it's over, there's no more, like, you're not doing anything, you're wasting your time, you're gonna lose money." None of the above was true. Played themselves. - [Voiceover] Indeed they did, Sneaker Don. Indeed they did. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaxB0383 [7 likes]: And now he is beating up kids for taking pictures of him in Miami Beach. What a turn.
  2. @codlive2904 [4 likes]: Nowadays he’s getting arrested for robbery charges!
  3. @arnav3356 [3 likes]: and now this kid is charged for robbery...
  4. @jesusvalle4518 [3 likes]: pov  he went to jail
  5. @kcb-0258 [3 likes]: Sponsored by dads credit card
  6. @m6tty [2 likes]: Lil jhew boi
  7. @jerry2swagg [2 likes]: What’s the name of the shoes on @0:10
  8. @chrispowers187 [2 likes]: He has rich parents. This kid did nothing himself. This is a joke.
  9. @mangoduxell2368 [2 likes]: Bro I just found out he got arrested
  10. @eihcirramonebeldia7313 [2 likes]: "Humble beggings"🤓🤓🤓
  11. @CalvaryProductions1 [1 likes]: Why are y’all keep being so negative? It doesn’t matter how rich or poor you are, it’s what you do with it that counts, and my boy decided to continue the gold with a shoe business at a young age.
  12. @stanleyconnor6898 [1 likes]: Yes, some truly Armenian-Jewish business story about financial success with absolutely no support.
Especially without parents.
🤣
  13. @R.madrid34 [1 likes]: Ben sounds like a mafia boss
  14. @bigheadair3261: tell sneaker kid I have one for convo even im a bitch hear selling knowing mens banks lmao
  15. @rgvc_pdp: Aint his fault your parents were either bums or caught lacking... generational wealth is what most of us are after... lots of @ss hating adults in the comment section... suck a 8====0... matter  of fact suck another one
  16. @sabrinadjeribi4955: Ta mere elle est moche.
  17. @CarltonForrester-bt1vm: Dope video
  18. @dolan-duk: How many bots does this scalper run?
  19. @bbm1077: the title doesn't mention how rich patents got him started...kind of a big deal...
  20. @douglaspayne720: Peace; I am interested in woking with you on a bi-monthly basis and look forward to a profitabe and Beneficial partnership.  DW

- 15 Luxury Watch Brands That Might Collapse Soon If They Don’t Change: Kind: captions Language: en The luxury watch industry is on the brink of collapse. These 15 iconic brands could disappear from your wrist forever. While Swiss watch exports hit record highs of about $25 billion last year, beneath the surface, several prestigious manufacturers are facing an existential crisis. The rise of smart watches, changing consumer preferences, and economic uncertainty have created the perfect storm. Today I'm revealing which luxury time piece makers might not survive the decade without radical transformation. First up, Gerard Pariggo. Founded in 1791, this historic brand is struggling with declining sales despite its heritage. Their ownership by Caring, which recently sold them to management, signals trouble. Their watches, while beautiful, fail to connect with younger buyers who find the designs outdated and prices unjustifiable for what they offer. With sales down 37% since 2019, they need to modernize their design language or face extinction. Next is Uliss Nardin, another historic name now independently owned after Carring's divestment. Their bold designs, like the Freak, were once revolutionary, but innovation has stalled. Their market share has dropped from 2.3% to less than 1% in 5 years. Without fresh creative direction and better digital presence, they'll continue their downward spiral. Pararmagani Flurier might surprise you on this list. Despite making exquisite time pieces, they've never achieved the commercial success of competitors. Backed by the Sandos Family Foundation, they've been cushioned from financial reality. But with annual production of just 3,000 watches and little brand recognition outside hardcore enthusiasts, they're vulnerable. Their average customer is over 60 years old. A demographic that's literally dying off. Roger Dubie faces similar challenges. Owned by Richmont, their ultra expensive avantgard watches found success with Russian oligarchs and Middle Eastern royalty. But with luxury spending down in those markets and production costs skyrocketing, their business model looks increasingly unsustainable. Their latest financial report showed a 41% drop in operating profit. Fifth on our list is Carl F. Bucher. Despite being familyowned and having steady distribution through Bucherer stores, they lack a distinctive identity in a crowded market. With Booker now acquired by Rolex, their privileged position is no longer guaranteed. They desperately need a signature model that captures public imagination. Bell and Ross built their brand on aviation inspired designs, but their aesthetic has barely evolved in two decades. With competitors like IWC and Brightling offering similar military styling with stronger heritage, Bell & Ross is getting squeezed out. Their sales have flatlined since 2018, and they're increasingly reliant on discounting. Seventh is Frederick Constant. Their accessible luxury position made sense before smart watches. Now, with Apple Watch dominating the sub,000 segment and micro brands offering better value, they're trapped in no man's land. Despite acquisition by Citizen Group, they failed to find their footing in a transformed marketplace. Tutor might shock you on this list. Currently riding high as Rolex's more attainable sibling, they face a future problem. Their entire identity is built around being a cheaper alternative to another brand. If Rolex ever falters or changes strategy, tutor lacks independent identity. Their black bay line accounts for 80% of sales, a dangerous dependency on a single product. Ninth is Briget. Once the pinnacle of oat or luxury, this Swatch group brand has struggled with identity under corporate ownership. Their watches remain technically brilliant but culturally irrelevant to new money. Despite their unparalleled history as watchmaker to Napoleon and European royalty, they've been out marketed by younger brands like Richard Mill and Odmar's Pay. Blanc Pan, another Swatch Group victim, pioneered the luxury dive watch with their 50 Fathoms, but now lives in Omega's shadow. Their $14,000 plus price points are increasingly difficult to justify without the brand recognition of Rolex or PC Philippe. Sales have reportedly declined by 28% in the past 3 years. Number 11, Ublo. Their art of fusion concept and flashy designs found favor with athletes and celebrities, but their reputation for style over substance has damaged long-term prospects with visible quality issues and heavy discounting in gray markets. They've undermined their luxury positioning. As tastes shift toward understated elegance, Ublau's brash aesthetic feels increasingly dated. Pia is struggling to maintain relevance despite dual expertise in jewelry and ultra thin watch making. Their confusion between being a jeweler or watch maker has left consumers equally confused. Their record-breaking thin watches generate press but few sales. While their jewelry watches face fierce competition from fashion houses, Richmond has prioritized investing in Cardier and Van Clee and Arples instead. 13th is Zenith. Despite making exceptional movements and having the legendary El Primero Chronograph, they've never achieved the commercial success they deserve. LVMH stablemates. Tag Hoyer and Bulgaryy receive more marketing investment, leaving Zenith fighting for scraps. Their constant leadership changes, five CEOs in 12 years, show internal turmoil. Shoppers, despite family ownership and diversification into jewelry, has failed to create iconic watch models that resonate beyond their happy diamonds line. Their motorsport connection through Malmelia sponsorship hasn't translated to strong sales. Without a distinctive design language or compelling narrative, they risk fading into irrelevance. Finally, Joerger Lultra, the watchmaker's watch maker creates incredible mechanisms but struggles with brand awareness among mainstream luxury consumers. Their Reverso remains iconic but hasn't evolved meaningfully. Despite making movements for PC Philippe and Ottomar's Pig historically, they now sell at lower price points than those clients. Their technical prowess hasn't translated to desiraability in today's hype-driven market. The watch industry is at a crossroads. These prestigious brands must innovate, connect with younger consumers, and embrace digital transformation to survive. Their heritage alone won't save them. In a world where Rolex, PC Philippe, and Otmar's Payday dominate mind share, and Apple sells more watches than the entire Swiss industry combined. To stay relevant, they'll need to balance tradition with modernity. Offering not just time pieces, but stories, experiences, and technologies that resonate with the next generation of luxury buyers. Which of these brands do you think is most likely to disappear? Drop your predictions in the comments below. If you enjoyed this analysis, hit the like button and subscribe for more luxury industry insights. Share this video with your watch enthusiast friends and let's continue the conversation. The ticking clock isn't just on their wrists, it's on their survival.

  Top Comments:
  1. @coachsmith939 [4 likes]: Ever get the feeling that this just an AI bot trying to brainwash us all into dismissing traditional watches for replacement by their kind?
  2. @brito4business448 [2 likes]: Sorry, mate. I completely disagree with your stance on smartwatches over the luxury or just not-so-luxury watches... Is just a trend among young people. When they are a certain age, this hype is gone... no one wants something that is built not to last... at a certain age, they will try to have something that follows them through life, and the smartwatch will never accomplish that... Some brands will go, but some brands will come... But, it's just my humble opinion.. Regards, from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
  3. @Jestymesty [1 likes]: Hublot are terrible!!
  4. @LexxLarsD [1 likes]: Panerai is struggling
  5. @nobbyclarke9298 [1 likes]: Thank you China for exposing the fraud & telling us the real costs to make a watch & that we can buy direct..probably from the many factories in Shenzen…..
  6. @FunkyFreshFritz [1 likes]: I call bullshit on the assessment of Tudor's identity
  7. @GrantMcEwan-r4d [1 likes]: I BOUGHT A CITIZEN ECO DRIVE  WHAT A NICE WATCH   PREVIOUSLY WORE A CITIZEN WATCH FOR 25 YEARS  I PUT IT IN THE BOX I GOT FOR MY ECO DRIVE  MY OLD WATCH STILL WORKS  GREAT WATCH MADE IN JAPAN JUST LIKE THE SEIKO AND ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITY THAN ROLEX WHICH IS SOLD TO SUCKERS
  8. @BryanPakkiri [1 likes]: Shit packaged well😅😅. Most made in China and Japan and assembled in Europe
  9. @_financeflow_: 📩 Drop your thoughts in the comments: Which of these brands do you think will survive—and which won’t?
  10. @NorsenAughtry: Love this limited edition!  :yt: amzswiss :yt: sometimes has hard-to-find limited models.
  11. @veyselsevis: 🎉🎉🎉
  12. @GfcbGjhf: I’m a big fan of  :yt: amzswiss :yt: . I have 4 of them!
  13. @kristensorensen2219: Over priced trash.
  14. @jamesmustin7289: Wrist watches just pocket watches are not needed.  They are at the whim of the public.  A social desire.  That is thin ice.    I am 74 and love my
Vintage Omega wrist watch  and my  IIllnois  and Hamilton coin silver size  18  pocket watches.   But realize they are on borrowed time, because of the
IPhone.  No need for watches with their mechanical components.
  15. @jamesmustin7289: Not me my 1934 omega is running and looking well.  It’s only 91 years old.
  16. @stevensarson482: Most half decent watches went up by around a thousand in little over a year. One watch I bought at around 900 is now north of 2k!
  17. @TOhara-eb2lp: Boring
  18. @andycandal5934: Hublot...the trash there is
  19. @terjemarken2411: I think that Ulysse Nardin will soon be gone. Probably Hublot also.
  20. @BryanPakkiri: Time is time no matter which watch you use. Just purely esthetics and another way to make money 😅

- Travis Scott Shows Off $3 Million+ Car Collection | On Display: Kind: captions Language: en I've always had a passion for these ultra rare things, things that always was outside of the box. I think every sneaker, every car was a connection. It's been a lot of times where I pass on certain things cuz it's not really something that connected to me. [Music] Travis, welcome to On Display. Thank you for doing this. No, for sure. Always, man. We're here to see some of the amazing cars in your collection, but also I want to talk about the art of collecting and your journey in collecting things. Even back in the day, stereo speakers. Was that like the first thing that you started collecting? Wow, that's crazy. How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, my dad, everyone had like their surround sound systems in their garages just collecting dust. You know, I had this idea of just like taking the woofers out of the, you know, out of the towers or the speakers and I put them in my shoe boxes and I kind of created my own surround sound. I needed like multiple amps for that. So then as I went to like all my different neighbors cribs, you know, I kind of noticed that they all had different brands of amps, different speakers, different sizes. So, you know, I used to ask them, can I have it? Cuz, you know, they weren't doing it. So, I collected stuff from there. And then yeah, from there the passion of just like finding things that can inspire you to get to the next level. Where do cars fit into your passion points of collecting? Ah, I mean, you know, it's always been a passion even from seeing like European like rally racing, even from F1. Yeah. you know, you kind of see these overpowered and over like zealous and crazy looking type cars um that moving at, you know, high level speeds, you know, different engines, paint jobs, colors, and it always just inspired me, you know, I love to move fast. So, it's just like it started from like little bikes, little mongoose bikes, and then, you know, when I was able to get a car, it's like started from there. Just got my drive up just to get some drive. You know what I'm saying? We're sitting in your Lamborghini Urus. Incredible car. When did you first fall in love with Lambos? I remember I wanted a Lambo so bad and I got finesse for like a Huracan. I never forget. I paid like 100,000 or something. This is when I was younger. So yeah, like I didn't even have the money for it. So I was just like, you know, you try to put some money down on a Lambo, whatever. And then it end up working out. I bought it from some guy and after that I was like, "Fuck this. I'm going all dealership from now on from all this other shit." So yeah, like I think with everything, even like the Toyota I had, which I call the hood Toyota MR2, I looked at that car like it was a Lamborghini until I can finally turn it into one. And I don't think it's like a materialistic thing. I don't even think it's because of the price. I think just the performance, the style, the drive of it. How much of an effect does the Jeep Cherokee your mom had? How does that fuel kind of like this passion for collecting? Well, my mom had this green Jeep Cherokee and her driver door didn't work, so we always had to get in. Okay. On the passenger seats and that fueled me every day to make sure that at least we can get in on the driver's seat. Absolutely. And my mom has always had a style tour. She's always been able to keep things like at a couture level even though things are like rough. You know what I'm saying? Made the best out of it. Yeah. So, it was like kind of why I'm into these Jeeps. How raw and deconstructed they are kind of reminds me of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up Jeep I had in this studio. The Mayback G650 Lawn Delay only 99 made. What made you need that car in your collection? Well, you know, I've always had a passion for these like old ultra rare things. Yes. Things that always was outside of the box. Even looking at the land a lot. just the space, the privacy, you know, it kind of just gives you a different experience. The tech not might not be as up to date, but it's kind of like a it's kind of a good thing. It's kind of like a peacefulness in that. Another car that's here, I'm not I promise I'm not going to talk sneakers, but the Cabriolet. Yeah. The Olive Proby Dunks. Is it ever deliberate to match or is it just a passion of collecting a bunch of things? I think every sneaker, every car, there's a connection. It's been a lot of times I pass on, you know, certain things or certain sneakers, certain cars cuz it's not really something that connected to me. Yeah. Whether it's from like the SBS, every SB has it sto you think about it like, you know, I love these albums, you know, the NRDs. I love this. Freddy Cougar, one of the illst movies. Yes. Lobsters, which was something I wasn't as fond of as a late, but now I love them. You know what I'm saying? Some waves sometimes. Yeah. And not the sneaker, but the actual food. Okay. It's like the movie Big. We talked about the stereo system, but like out of your cars, do you do the car tests with albums and do you like listening to and and what is that process like? Oh, yeah, for sure. Every album I've ever made, it's not one album I haven't put out that I haven't car tested. You know, I might start from my phone test to the car test. Mhm. I don't even know if you looked at my dog, but I was like going back and forth from a car. Yeah. Like listening to the album. I think it was Ash World at the time. Each car has like a different type of take on sound and things like hit different. But then also too is like not everyone is in like maybe ultra expensive car. So also listen to in a car that you know I might drive on a day-to-day basis or my mom might drive on a day-to-day basis cuz that's like natural consumption. Totally. For your 28th birthday, you bought yourself a Bugatti Chiron. Only 30 of those exist. Are you sentimental? Do you tie them to life events ever? Yeah. Um, you know, it's crazy because, you know, RP Pop, we we were working on the Gotti, right? I always love the car. You know, the idea of the car is crazy. And I remember we was doing that song and Pop's like, "Yeah, man. We got to bring the Gottiis out, man." and like, you know, I forgot who was helping us put the video together. It's like, yeah, man, I know somebody that can like, you know, bring some goddies out for us. And I'm thinking like bring them out for us. I'm like, no, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. It's like, no, I'm going to just go get this. I remember I pulled up. We was at the shoot. Me and Ps around. He's like, man, he's like, damn, bro. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like smell like brand new. I was like, yeah, bro. I just got it like a couple like week ago. He's like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was like, yeah. I was like, "Bro, to be honest, you one of the eldest rappers. Like I feel like you changing like the whole sound of New York. You I don't even know if you know right now, but like just from the sound of the beats to the way you putting together, it's like this is going to create a legions of just like artist and the sound and creatives. So man, you going to have a million of these. You know what I'm saying? Um, and you know, the music just went to the highest level to the highest level. You like to drive these cars. Oh, yeah. You like cars that are driven. Yeah. Yeah. I don't believe in people that buy these cars just sit them in the garage and then don't pull them out. They have like zero miles on them. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that for? Yeah. I respect all collectors and how they treat they things, but man, you got to put them cars on the road. I know Jay Leno got mad bees and I'm pretty sure he puts them on the road. Well, I know your time is limited. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you, man. Thank you. For sure. Oh,

  Top Comments:
  1. @Complex [407 likes]: What’s your favorite car in Travis’ collection?
  2. @pashakamber1833 [1 likes]: Bro knows how to actually ask the right questions and prepares for his interviews. Good work as usual
  3. @willyice704 [1 likes]: I really appreciate that Travis Scott makes the sacrifice to listen to his music in non luxury cars just to make sure it will sound good to us the consumer.
  4. @tolutrophy: Where is the Laferrari??
  5. @erikedward1: You all are watching and supporting this while his fans were dying in the crowd and he didn’t stop or pause his concert for it
  6. @Kaibreezy2: As a huge fan of him I think it's so cool relating to him on a car enthusiast type of level cuz he's right, cars aren't just wheels and a metal frame,  it's writing different parts of makes and models and brands into history and showing the highest achievement for each companies so I think its great that he sees a different vision for each car he's got than just luxury item
  7. @robingraver3131: There's the gatti
  8. @lazyyooth: Rip pop smoke
  9. @BrianKapomba: My dream is to pull to the hood with a lamb truck
  10. @triciahlongwa6383: Need lights, this is just a glorified interview. How do you SHOW something, but barely any lighting.
  11. @MOB808-o7c: I just love the color brown❤
  12. @Skrimpleton: Never forget the victims.
  13. @kr6495-n8u: 💩
  14. @ModernConcept: if overrated was a person
  15. @14_19a: Crushing the fans
  16. @janisb230: He even got the rc bandito
  17. @EladGideon: didnt Asap Rocky do this hole aesthetic? am i trippin
  18. @TheAj1999: toooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good!
  19. @searic___: And there are families that still suffer from hunger
  20. @alexanderquiros5272: That collection was what media implant p r trained

- 9 Luxury Watch Buying Mistakes (And How To Avoid Them): Kind: captions Language: en when we're looking to buy a watch we really focus on the positive all the great things that we're going to do with the watch on our wrist the excitement of waiting for it to come in the mail or potentially going into the store and getting it but we don't really think about maybe all of the potential downsides or just the things that maybe consider the mistakes that are made in the buying process so what I wanted to do in this video is look at nine things that I would recommend or just mistakes that I see people making when it comes to purchasing luxury watches now this is going to be geared more towards the higher end of watchmaking but I will say that probably can apply to any segment of the watch collecting or watch buying world of course some of this is just my own personal opinion but if you have other mistakes that you've made in the past that you think people should be aware of please leave a comment down below and also if you've not subscribed to our newsletter yet be sure to do so we have some great written content it's being written on a weekly basis sent to you looking at the backstory of tridium watches as an example uh watch movements and everything you need to know looking at different industry breakdowns of 52 watch brands that you should be aware of understanding their ownership structure and also looking at some additional fun facts that you should know about each of those Brands all of that and a lot more definitely check it out subscribe to the newsletter so you can stay in the loop totally different than the content that we're creating here on the YouTube channel so now for this first one here we have buying the alternative when the real thing is in reach or just finding an alternative watch that isn't exactly what you want specifically now I do think there are watches out there that are so out of this world in terms of their pricing that not everybody can pull that off and you can't responsibly do it if that's the case totally understand I think going for an alternative is a fine thing to do but where I think this gets troubling is when you're talking about something maybe being in reach and you're giving into this idea of instant gratification you just want to get something on your wrist it's a little bit more attainable or maybe doesn't have the same level of pedigree Associated compared to something else and you just decide to go for the lesser of the two watches just because it allows you to get into that watch sooner I always find people regret this decision it never fully gives them the Fulfillment that they want it scratch the itch for a short period but when you're talking about the long-term game of watchmaking uh this is not something you want to go and just make quick impulsive buys go for the real thing if you want a speed master go for a speed master there's nothing underneath it that's going to scratch that itch for you the same can be said about a rollx and any of these other watches that are out there be responsible in your decision- making but definitely hold out for the watch you truly want because once you get it the satisfaction will be amazing for mistake number two we have not buying the watch on the bracelet just to save some extra money now in the long term I have found that this does not actually take place you end up spending more money if you want to get into the bracelet after the fact because many of these brands in the luxury segment don't actually list out their bracelets as a specific line item or skew on their website you can just buy instead it's usually you have to have a specific request you have to wait a long time and usually they'll actually you end up spending more the other reason why I'd like going for the bracelet if you are kind of on the fence is it does give you more Flex flexibility if you ever decided to move on from the watch people tend to spend a bit more money for the bracelet version because of all these hoops that people tend to have to jump through so I think it is a better thing to go for it's much harder to find the factory bracelet than it is just to pair any strap that's just going to look the part on a watch now for point three just going to say consider pre-owned for specific models now in the past five or so years the whole Space of pre-owned has gone nuts with certain watches and certain brands so this might just be off the table for many but as always there's going to be great Buys in the pre-owned space for certain models if you don't mind uh having something that maybe isn't going to be of the same value what I would always recommend whenever you're buying of course buy the seller think about other additional things as well what is the warranty window does it come with box and papers do I still have some coverage when I buy that watch can I always make sure I'm legitimizing uh it being a true watch that is going to be authentic that is always of course important I think having those box and papers does help with this and of course buying it from the seller is going to be one of the better things that you're going to be able to do but I will also say a couple other things when buying pre-owned that I would recommend one is there's going to be a return where say if you are foregoing a certain standard of condition and also are dealing with no boxes and papers spending more money to get the peace of mind and the experience of buying new I think it does come into play and you probably want to go that route there are sometimes what I've always noticed is when I go for a model that's not in the best condition uh you always want to go for a model that's in good condition pay a little bit more make sure you have uh some increased flexibility with maybe some warranty coverage if it is a pre-owned watch if it's vintage that's a totally different animal I would just try to maximize buying the seller making sure it's in good condition condition is going to be everything in that circumstance just be able to make that decision for yourself on where you find the most value I'm just a huge proponent of just trying to find the best example paying a bit more to get a better example is going to always be better in the long run and also as you start to May pay more for a contemporary watch maybe it's pre-owned and it's starting to get closer to retail I think you end up going for retail prices at least on watches that of course are going to be trading below uh list value I find this is especially true when you're dealing with more affordable watches at times because there's a lot of people that have unrealistic expectations about how much their watch is worth they have all these scratches no longer have a warranty and at that point you're better off just let's just go for the whole thing talking about a few hundred here let's just go for uh buying the new watch so you just have to do go Case by case but pre-own is a great opportunity for many watches out there and definitely something to look into the only other thing I will say is double check you're make sure you're getting a good price there are great tools out there like watch Recon that will have independent sales of different dealers out there and private sellers so that you can go ahead and double check on what were the listed or sold uh watches at that specific reference now for our next mistake here we have misconceptions on value retention and thinking every watch has this crazy upside with investment potential I've have I have a whole video on uh investment watches talking about the good bad and ugly of that whole category of course you can make some money with watches you can retain uh value in watches for certain brands but 98 to 99% of brands are not going to sell watches that are going to go up on the secondary market and if they do you're are going to have to jump through hoops you're going to have to be a bit more Savvy as a buyer to go ahead and get that typically you're going to also have a long list of other transactions with a retailer in order for you to even get opportunities at those most coveted pieces uh this is mostly of course talking about these upper echelon brands of brands that are usually independent or don't have any uh public ownership so that they can control the supply a bit more to a tight degree Rolex AP pek as examples and I mentioned this in the last Point too just also when people are selling things they just somehow think that they're going to get more money from it um you should always just look at what things are selling for when you buy a watch make sure you're getting a good deal if you're going for the pre-owned route also maybe just see what value retention you're talking about if you take that investment mindset I also find that people are just afraid to wear the freaking things too next mistake here is buying impulsively and not researching thoroughly now we've all been there we've purchased a watch maybe when we jumped the gun a tad and just were really excited about it we bought it and then we find that we regreted it in the long term I think it's always better just to sleep on your decisions uh definitely see if uh lust turns into love is something I would always say make sure you actually can't quit this watch you maybe waking up in the middle of night I have woken up in the middle of night thinking about a watch before I am a sick individual so think about that you just have to let the watch uh you know rest in your brain for a bit make sure that you truly love this watch before going for it don't be acting just like hey I just found out about this watch today let's buy it take some time think about it and whether or not it's the right to decision for you of course also when you're talking about research that's a whole another animal I think people you know you hear this term all the time do your research but what does that actually mean for me what I always think of is not just understanding the model itself because I think many people understand that but what I've always noticed too is like understanding the history of that model family if I want to get into a specific Rolex Explorer I want to look at all the different Rox Explorer references from the past why were they created what are the differences between them what's a what's a Mark 2 dial what what does that even mean so understanding those different things you learn in the process like oh wait maybe this isn't exactly what I want there's another example that I've come into contact with like the long Jee Conquest 39 mm there are differences between the blue dial and the black dial version one has Loom one doesn't have Loom and that's something that you wouldn't know until you start to look into the details and understand the entire model family if you look at these uh models as just individual creations and don't understand the big picture sometimes you find that there's gaps in your ability to know so you want to find those gaps try to expand Beyond maybe just that one model to know what really you have in front of you other things that I would recommend when it comes to research this can also go into talking to individual buyers if you see somebody online on Instagram just look up a hashtag of a specific Watcher looking to buy find somebody that owns that watch and maybe DM them and ask them hey what do you think of the watch get their ownership opinion about what they think of it and then another thing you can do is maybe find some other people on the Internet or on Instagram who have similar r size to you that also maybe own watches that you might want and just ask them hey and look also look just how it wears on the wrist try to stockpile people that could almost be uh wrists siiz buddies that you can just take a look at to see how different watches might wear so you have a better understanding when you're looking to purchase that watch and it allows you to have a better opinion as well now for point six putting an economic burden on yourself just by buying watch now I think this is one that unfortunately of course I'm not a financial adviser by any means people can do with their money how they please but I just don't think that you want to stress yourself out over buying a watch that is the most silly thing to me and I say that as somebody who has done that in the past like I remember buying watches rather irresponsibly when maybe I shouldn't have purchased the watch uh so I think you shouldn't feel purchasing the watch I I believe that it shouldn't affect your day-to-day lifestyle if you're going to enjoy because you're not going to enjoy the watch it just comes down to that if you're stressed every single time you look down at this you have buyer remorse like you don't want that you don't want money to be a concern for you when you're enjoying your new watch you just want to be able to live with that watch I want I want to also I always think about this like I buy this watch I want to think about all the things I can do with that watch a watch an item should not inhibit experience and that is one thing I think some people get caught up with they have all these things they have all these things and then here they are just locked in the room at night can't go anywhere can't do anything with it because they spent all their money on a watch and then sadly I think many of us have been there and also saving up for the watch respond ibly is always worth it you'll end up enjoying the watch much more every single time that I have purchased a watch when I have had to suffer slightly in Saving not in in purchasing but saving let the time of saving to responsibly buy be where you're going to feel the pain on the front end before you make the decision rather than buying and then having all this remorse after the fact because you jump the gun too quickly our next mistake here is buying an iconic watch just because it's an icon so we hear about the same watches over and over again in watchmaking we put many watches on a pedestal that were Trailblazers and setting a tone for the category and often times that sometimes can Cloud our judgment on what is the right watch for us especially when you're dealing with your first luxury watch purchase I don't believe there's any prerequisite for watch enthusiasm or collecting there's no watch that you can just buy and say I'm a collector now that's not how you judge this thing at the end of the day there's no watch that you can purchase say hey I belong now check out what I have some collectors have that I think mentality and I don't think that's right it doesn't matter what you own it doesn't matter if it's a watch that everybody can recognize I don't think that's what this is about a safe choice is not safe if you don't like it at the end of the day people get this mentality of oh this is an accepted watch but if you don't like it who cares that's not a safe Choice that's a dumb choice so I do think people need to think from that context of this is about individual expression this is about what makes uh I think why I decide to wear watches a lot of times is what can make me look you know what can make me unique what what do I like I don't care what anybody anybody else thinks I just want to wear something that I enjoy and what I feel good with when I have it on the wrist and that's really all that matters also one thing that always annoys me is and no offense anybody to ask these questions because I know you're trying to get help but like questions about like hey I'm trying to get like a Submariner or speed master which one should I go for there are objective realities to watches and which watch is better than another but it gets to a point once you're dealing with a quality watch you have a specific budget all of that doesn't matter no one's going to be able to make that decision for you you just have to go with what you like and if you don't like it that is going to eliminate everything from the equation if you like the watch that's what matters the most not an icon not any other sense of uh you know belonging or just thinking of like the safe Choice our eighth mistake here is falling for the hype and the trends so we've seen it over and over again there's these watches that get so hyped up you see maybe some premiums on the secondary Market the flippers are having a field day people get caught up in the hype and and they just want to follow the pack in that way this kind of goes along with the last point just going for the stuff that you ultimately like Trends fade hype Fades all of that is going to be finite what isn't is going to be your enthusiasm for this if you have the right thought process around why you collect I also think a big aspect of this as well is thinking that your hype piece is going to impress other people sure it might maybe some circles but any person that's impressed with the watch that I have on my wrist I don't probably want to be friends with them to be honest with you unless they're a watch Enthusiast of course uh but even then like I don't like the showoff mentality I think a lot of people don't necessarily like that but we're uh people that like kind of to show things off conspicuously at times so I get why certain people will fall into this but typically no one cares no one's going to acknowledge your watch unless you're really obnoxious about it uh you're ending up paying more typically when you lean into the hype in these types of pieces and you also just miss out on some fantastic Brands a lot of brands that are not hyped I think provide some of the most refreshing takes and I always get excited when I see something on somebody's wrist that's just so unique and even if it's not for me and that's a big point of this channel that I've really evolved to is it's not about whether or not I would wear it but it's also finding watches that I can just appreciate for what they are even if I can't wear them they're not my style when there are points of individual expression taking place that's what allows the art form of watchmaking to move forward so that's where we need to applaud things and I think with your buying habits if you can administer that same thing for yourself while being authentic to who you are that's a great place to be and now for our last mistake here we have not considering when and if you're going to actually wear the watch you're looking to buy one thing people get caught up with is just seeing a watch as an independent object and not thinking about how that object can take place in their actual life one thing I've noticed for myself is there's watches that I enjoy but then I look at myself and I'm like wait I probably can't pull that one off say you're somebody that doesn't have to dress up and maybe you dress up in a suit maybe twice a year does getting a reversal really make that much sense when you're wearing casual attire all the time maybe you love the Omega plpr but you're finding yourself wearing a suit more often than not and you have a small wrist you got to be honest with these things and be able to look at your life and make a decision based on that also you have to look at what you currently have if you have other watches that check off the box then does it make sense to buy another watch that maybe falls in the same category say you have a blue dive watch do you need another blue dive watch in a different uh variation that probably has a lot of overlap in every single time that you're thinking about hey I feel like you know blue would look great with my outfit today I feel like I want to wear this you're looking at two different watches you just have to make that decision for yourself where you are going to uh set up your philosophy as a collector the other point that I'll add here there's a lot of people out there that will go ahead and buy something and then not even wear the thing they'll just store it in like a safety deposit box which I don't think is great either because then you have this hoarding mentality you're not enjoying the watches maybe you're even afraid to wear them which is a huge reality for many people out there so consider all of this will you actually wear the watch cuz if you're not wearing the watch then why the hell are you even buying it but all right guys those are my nine mistakes when it comes to luxury watch buying do you have any other takes that were maybe uh forgotten or overlooked uh these are just some that come to mind immediately for me that I wanted to go through here today if you found this video helpful you like these style of videos definitely give it a thumbs up really would appreciate that of course subscribe and hit the Bell icon if you want to stay up to date with the content other great places to stay up to date with content is going to be the newsletter which I mentioned at the beginning and then also checking out our Instagram where you can see some great photos of watches in the process definitely check out Teddy baldes star.com full authorized dealer of 30 Brands quick and fast fulfillment dedicated customer support and a full factory warranty for all the new products that we offer but guys thank you again so much for watching be well and I will see you all very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChikitaBach: Great style doesn't have to come with a great cost.  :yt: amzswis :yt: delivers great style at a small cost.
  2. @JoseJose-r8u: This watch is all about elegance. For an elegant look that's affordable,  :yt: amzswis :yt: is the place to go.
  3. @BabatWooster: If you can spot a difference, you haven’t purchased  :yt: amzswis :yt: . I’ve seen a few and they are hard for even experts to verify without looking at the movement.
  4. @MarieThompson-e4e: A very objective and fair review, pointing out both pros and cons. This is crucial for my decision-making on  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  5. @joe9611: BULBASAUR!!!!
  6. @Ethansdailycarry: This is good advice! I've just bought my first Swiss made timepiece- a Hamilton Khaki Field Mechanical.... I wanted a Christopher Ward which I saw for a great price but it was just a bit more than I could afford at the time but a bargain, so then I saw the watch I bought, thinking £325 is a good price but then I found it brand new on sale for £465 but it keeps great time at +5 seconds and the person I bought it from gave me some good advice and was very knowledgeable so I think it was valuable lesson but without actually getting stung!
  7. @sulphuricacid16: I just watch an expensive watch to me a longine hydro black with rose gold accent and I think I have made a mistake no.2 of not getting it on bracelet and got it on rubber,having real remorse now 😅😢.. I though the rose gold bracelet looked bad but I liked the dial so opted for the black rubber..but should have gotten the bracelet regardless ...make me feel better can you Mr Baldassare
  8. @claytonsorensen1596: Wanted a Credor, didn’t want to pay in the thousands for a new one…found a  vintage Credor HAQ still new in the box with papers, warranty card, etc…for 350 bucks. And I’m 100 percent satisfied with my purchase.
  9. @StroutMcdonagh: Your reviews are always so insightful yet easy to understand, valuable for both newcomers and veterans.  :yt: amzswis :yt: also caters to watch lovers of all levels.
  10. @RedingtonMalan: Is this watch thick? Does it fit under a shirt cuff? The dimensions on  :yt: amzswiss :yt: look good.
  11. @RobElliott-v3w: I am a Rolex fan boy. Rolex was always the brand I thought about when it came to watches. I always admired the Submariner and in my younger years I never thought it would be in my reach. 7 or 8 years ago I thought $500 on a mechanical watch was a big purchase. Then as my career grew I bought my first $1000 watch, then $3000, then my first entry level Rolex. I looked at my watch collection and I realized I had the money for my dream watch sitting right there. I sold off my collection and bought my submariner. I live in a populated area and all the ADs told me two years so I paid a bit more on the grey market. I have been happily wearing my dream watch for 4 months daily now and I am so happy. I will probably buy other watches because I love them but I'm so content right now
  12. @johnteill_: Id love to have the rolex 1908....but at 24 thousand dollars the 2 thousand tudor is more like it....id also like a rolex explorer....however theirs an easy 7 thousand reasons to go with the tudor ranger 😅
  13. @JoyceChagnon-z2l: :yt: amzswiss :yt: has earned my trust entirely for replica watches. Their collection is extensive and out of the box and give high quality super clone watches.
  14. @BlancaCarle-v5h: Apparently Rolex discontinued the fluted pattern dial in 2024 in order to introduce a new anniversary DJ dial in 2025. As for the GMT-Master II, I like it very much, I bought it at :yt: amzswiss :yt:, unexpected quality!
  15. @KeislerFein: Wearing a dress watch in a casual setting is very popular, glad you mentioned it, high quality :yt: amzswiss :yt: eclecticism is key!
  16. @gusurgeon: This is one of your best vids.
  17. @gusurgeon: Keep showing black Tudors that copy black Subs in this video.   I own and wear plenty of 200-1000 dollar watches.  If you want the Rolex wait for it.
  18. @KonurEsmekaya: Exquisite craftsmanship!  :yt: amzswiss :yt: has so many beautiful luxury watches; it's a treasure trove of a website.
  19. @rich8304: I want a submariner always have,starting to find used for 8500 to 10k,id buy one from you but you don't seem to carry them.
  20. @jamescarter3196: "I have woken up thinking about a watch before" and I'm in a phase of choosing a watch for wearing to bed, lol.... gotta keep my Bulova Surveyor running, it's my only mechanical and don't want to let it wind down, but sometimes I want to wake up to the quartz Fossil that I got for five bucks recently, which works perfect and kinda fulfills my hunger for a 'red center with fade-to-black fringe' face and day/date/24-hour mini-dials. When I want to mellow out, I put on the Seiko tank watch that keeps excellent time and doesn't have a second hand so I'm not feeling the push of time so immediately, lol. And when I'm just being silly, there's the John Cleese 'Ministry of Silly Walks' watch where his legs are the hands and it looks a lot like the sketch.

- The TRUTH about buying your first luxury handbag | 10 beginner mistakes to avoid |: Kind: captions Language: en Buying your first luxury handbag? STOP! Before you drop a few thousand dollars,&nbsp; let's make sure that you at least make&nbsp;&nbsp; a smart choice. I've seen so many people&nbsp; regret their first purchase wrong size,&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong brand, wrong colour and I don't want&nbsp; that to be YOU, so I've created a list of&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 pointers that you must stick by that'll&nbsp; make sure you don't regret your purchase and&nbsp;&nbsp; you absolutely select the piece that&nbsp; fits seamlessly in your collection. and trust me you do not want to miss out&nbsp; Point number 10 it's the biggest mistake&nbsp;&nbsp; first time buyers make and it could save&nbsp; you thousands of dollars so stick around! All right let's get into it you've saved up you're&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to splurge but before you swipe that&nbsp; card, here's what you need to think about. Point one start with a neutral colour, that bright&nbsp; pink bag might look fun right now but will you&nbsp;&nbsp; love it in the next 5 years probably not? black beige top brown white off-white the&nbsp;&nbsp; these colours go with everything&nbsp; and they will never feel outdated. Point number two classic over&nbsp; trendy always. Trendy bags are&nbsp;&nbsp; like Fast fashion for the luxury&nbsp; World - in today, out tomorrow!&nbsp; Stick to classics and don't go or give into&nbsp; trends like a certain pattern, print or design&nbsp;&nbsp; on a book tote or micro mini bags that are cool&nbsp; now but so impractical and the list is endless! Point number three: resale value&nbsp; matters if you ever decide to sell,&nbsp;&nbsp; some bags might actually go up in price. Brands like Chanel, Hermes, Louis Vuitton are&nbsp;&nbsp; gold mines in the resale Market. Meanwhile that&nbsp; trendy bag? not worth much after a few seasons. Point number four your&nbsp; lifestyle should decide the bag.&nbsp; Are you looking for a work bag? a&nbsp; tote definitely makes more sense.&nbsp; Love handsfree? go for a cross&nbsp; body and if minimalism is your&nbsp;&nbsp; thing a small structured&nbsp; bag will be your best bet. Point number five one high quality&nbsp; bag is always better than five low&nbsp;&nbsp; or mid-quality bags. Don't buy five&nbsp; mid-range bags that'll wear out fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; save for One well-designed Piece it'll last&nbsp; longer, look better and feel even more special. A quick pause if this video has been helpful so&nbsp; far please make sure to hit that subscribe button&nbsp;&nbsp; it would mean a lot. I try to break down luxury&nbsp; fashion, handbag shopping, share bag reviews&nbsp;&nbsp; every week so if you love that stick around&nbsp; and now let's get into the rest of this list. Point number six buy from reputable&nbsp; sources if you're buying a pre-loved&nbsp;&nbsp; bag as your first luxury purchase make sure&nbsp; you're using a trusted seller. Counterfeits&nbsp;&nbsp; are everywhere and the last thing you&nbsp; want to do is spend $33,000 on a fake. Point number seven it's as simple as it&nbsp; gets. Try it before you buy it- a bag&nbsp;&nbsp; might look great online but in person could&nbsp; be too heavy, too stiff maybe just not you!&nbsp; Always try before committing, This&nbsp; happened with me for the Dior saddle&nbsp;&nbsp; bag- it was trending a few years ago&nbsp; and I kept on seeing it pop up online.&nbsp;&nbsp; I even checked out the bag on the website&nbsp; and I really loved it but when I actually&nbsp;&nbsp; went to the store to make a purchase, I&nbsp; tried the bag on and I did not like it. Imagine I would have just wasted&nbsp; about $4,000 on a bag that I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; even like so always make sure to&nbsp; try it before before you buy it. Point number eight do not stretch your&nbsp; budget too thin- a designer handbag&nbsp;&nbsp; is honestly a treat, not a necessity. If you're stressing over your finances&nbsp;&nbsp; after making that purchase then&nbsp; it's probably not the right time.&nbsp; Luxury should make you feel&nbsp; good and not give you anxiety. Point number nine take care of your investment.&nbsp; If you want your bag to last make sure to store&nbsp;&nbsp; it properly, keep it in a dust bag that comes with&nbsp; it. Don't over stuff it and clean it regularly.&nbsp;&nbsp; A well maintained bag holds its value much better and finally Point number 10, the biggest mistake&nbsp;&nbsp; that first time buyers make - they don't think&nbsp; longterm. Your tastes will evolve, what you love&nbsp;&nbsp; now might not be what you love 5 or 10 years&nbsp; down the line so before you buy, ask yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; will I still wear it even if my style changes&nbsp; a little? If the answer is no keep looking. All right now that you know what all to consider&nbsp; here's the real question - which bag should you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually buy? That depends on you! Are&nbsp; you looking for something versatile? a&nbsp;&nbsp; long-term investment? a bag that fits your&nbsp; everyday needs. Drop a comment below with&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're looking for and I will help you&nbsp; figure out the best choice for you and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want some more Insider tips on making smart&nbsp; luxury purchases check out some of my other&nbsp;&nbsp; videos. I've got plenty more to help you shop&nbsp; smarter not harder see you in the next one bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @priyankagaekwad7504 [2 likes]: Love this video, very simple and too the point. No fluff!! Thinking about getting LV tote so I can use it at work for my laptop and lunch but still can’t figure out, help with suggestions please !!
  2. @chekalong [1 likes]: Love these tips especially about the colour & for which lifestyle. 

Can you advice if this bag suit me: 
I'm thinking to get a preloved, discontinued Dior Diorissimo bag as I love the bag structure without the well-known signature carnage stictching. There are subtle/natural colours like black and light pink which I think can be evergreen but with a contrast interior colour to reflect my inner rebellious, want to people to know me as unique not weird.
  3. @shayemoore [1 likes]: Hello, what do you think of the LV Pochette Liv? I'm looking for a small bag (but not too small). Something to fit my essentials, in a color that I can wear with pretty much anything. It would be nice if I can dress it up or down. It would be my first purchase. I've been doing research off and one for a long time. I know that there are certain bags that have a better resale value but I don't particularly love those silhouettes. Thank you!
  4. @PoonamYadav-cj8cx [1 likes]: Hi Vrinda new to your channel ❤I’m still figuring out which brand to go for. I need a sling bag. Any suggestions?
  5. @ElizabethLyle-e6b: Been saving up for this beauty! Your video made it so worth the wait. For anyone else eyeing this, :yt: amzrepe :yt: has some amazing deals.
  6. @FrancesMurray-s2j: I am just watching this video now and I already know what bag you are referring to and I feel the exact same I’ve been thinking about it since it was released and I have been thinking should I just treat myself for Christmas :yt: amzrepe :yt:
  7. @WilmaBoyce-t1e: Let’s face it. :yt: amzrepe :yt:The only big difference from the real thing is the price...
  8. @DiyaDas-v6j: What do you think about gucci ophidia pocchate bag as a first luxury bag?
  9. @WallbergCherenfant: Do they offer free shipping worldwide? We :yt: amzrepe :yt:can do it
  10. @NancyBrown-r3h: Wow, your collection is amazing. I love all your bags, especially the Classic Flap and the Vintage Kelly. Thanks for sharing :yt: skydup :yt:
  11. @NancyBrown-r3h: I have a few Kate Spade bags, but I love the black Katy. I could wear it forever because it goes with everything! It reminds me of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth's Launer Traviata bags. Those bags are over $3,500, so I'll stick with the Katy. I've been carrying the :yt: skydup :yt: since I was a teenager, but it seems to be trending lately. Princess Catherine carried the Strathbury Mosaic Nano at the 2023 Christmas Concert, and I've put that on my list too. Thanks for the new options, Alice. The Fauvete is beautiful!
  12. @BabluRossotto: Wonderful :yt:yutulu:yt: , very helpful! I love my loewe bags so that was good to hear.
  13. @BabluRossotto: Loved this! Love :yt:yutulu:yt: channel ❤
  14. @LoriRosales-l9t: I was in Gucci today and the SA told me they canâ  t often tell the difference between the authentic and  :yt: amzrepe :yt:'s bags. Surprised to hear that from an SA.
  15. @JileLecoustre: I really love   :yt: kisluxs :yt:  bags. The fabric is very good. The golden embellishments add a touch of beauty. When I went to the church, I received some praise.
  16. @MojitoDravecz: Yes I know not everyone can afford these bags but wouldn't people want to see what other people think of the bag before wasting their money? Like what other YouTubers have said about this bag, I bought a  :yt: kisluxs :yt:  and I'm very happy with my bag. Thanks to the blogger, I showed this video to my sister and now she will definitely get the Louis Vuitton bag she has always wanted! Love this kind of videos!!
  17. @FeleciaBissell: Black Birkin bag, this is the first good choice I made. I can afford a Kelly bag in any color. If I were 25, I'd probably buy it. But now I consciously don't want to date a woman who has a Kelly and a Birkin. After coming into contact with  :yt: kisluxs :yt:  , I am more willing to invest the money saved in my own growth.
  18. @MakeMeAddicted: Saddle bag is iconic!
  19. @marionbikoibiyong4386: Hi ! Thank you for the tips ! I am trying to find the perfect model to buy and have some issue deciding… could you give me some advice ? I’m looking for an everyday bag, medium size and crossbody… thank you again and have a nice day !
  20. @YohandraPoellnitz: One day we walked into a Coach store in the mall and my girlfriend was looking for a new small backpack/purse. We pointed to one on the wall and the salesperson said it was $22 and I said to my girlfriend "that's a good deal". When I realized he cost $2200 I considered buying it here  :yt: kisluxs :yt: