- Why is Napa Wine Good and Expensive? Learn about Napa Valley Wines from a Wine Expert: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] everyone knows napa valley wines it's the most famous wine region in the u.s and it's known all around the world napa wines are in general the most expensive wines in the us it is the upper crust of the us wine scene and i wanted to kind of talk about why that is why is snappa super super expensive in order to answer that question let's do a little history lesson so let's bring him all the way back to the 1600s the first people to grow grapes in california were the spanish missionaries they were growing it for their churches it was not that sophisticated not really noteworthy then fast forward to the 1850s because of the gold rush there were italian and french immigrants who came to california and began planting european vines by the 1880s they had a thriving wine industry and then it was a series of unfortunate events for 78 years this root killing insect called phylloxera came from europe basically decimated all of the vines so they were replanting all that and then prohibition hits a lot of wineries had to close because they couldn't sell alcohol so prohibition then the great depression hits no bueno and then we had world war ii so just they couldn't catch a break it wasn't until the 1960s 1970s these newcomers came to california among those was the mondavi family so robert mondavi and robert mondavi is pretty famous you probably have seen his wines in grocery stores his name is synonymous with napa valley because at the time in the 70s no one really cared too much about california wines they were a nobody back then it was all about european wines especially french the french wines were the ones who commanded the higher prices and the prestige in the wine world so robert mondavi to anyone who would listen he's like guys california is the next hot place for wine napa valley our wine's amazing and a lot of people were like yeah yeah yeah okay whatever and it wasn't until 1976 the judgment in paris and that was a turning point for california wines the judgment in paris was an event where these renowned french judges blind tasted french wines versus california wines the outcome was that the california cabernet sauvignon from stack sleep and the mont helena chardonnay both got first place beating out the famous high-end bordeaux and burgundy wines and the french were hiss they were shocked they didn't know what to do they were like i cannot believe this happened so they were just really embarrassed and from that point on napa valley you know shot up and became a world renowned wine growing region let's get into what makes napa valley so unique and it's the climate and the geography now the valley is really small like tiny in comparison to bordeaux the reason why bordeaux is always compared with napa is because bordeaux is famous for cabernets and merlots and napa one of their main grapes is cabernet so they always get pitted together but they're very very different the style is very different and also bordeaux just produces a lot more wine like seven times more wine it's tiny comparison it's 30 miles long five miles wide 45-50 miles north of san francisco what's cool about it is that the fog from the bay gets funneled up through the valley at night the temperatures can get down to 40 degrees and then during the day the sun dissipates the fog and in the valley you can get up to like 80 90 degrees they call this diurnal fluctuation it sounds really fancy but basically it's just large temperature shifts and that's really good for the grapes because it helps it ripen and preserves the acidity in the grapes the climate is ideal for wine growing it's dry mediterranean climate it's just a really good place to grow grapes and you can grow a lot of different variety grapes part of that reason is because you got canyons you got valleys you got mountains and if you go through napa there's all these curves and turns and bends and so somebody one mile away can produce a very different wine because maybe they get more sun maybe it's a little bit cooler all these factors change the grapes and contribute to different wines i also want to talk about ava's and labeling requirements because that kind of provides a little bit more information later of what makes a napa wine and nappa wine aba stands for american viticulture area it's just an area just think of aba as an area you'll see napa valley and napa valley is the ava and what that means is that 85 of the grapes that are in this bottle have to be grown in naba valley now if it doesn't have an aba on it and just has like the county or estate on it then 75 of the grapes have to come from that area because it's not an aba now the kind of confusing thing is that within napa valley there are 16 abas sub-abas basically it's just a smaller area so just more a stricter guideline all the other rules are exactly the same but because it comes from a smaller area typically it's a little bit more expensive now that we've talked about history climate geography and wine labeling laws let's discuss why are napa wines so expensive part of that reason is like i said it's the history it's the prestige it's basically the us's version of a portal and bordeaux and france is a highly esteemed expensive wine region so it's our version of that the other thing is because of the unique geography and ideal land there's just really really expensive so in order for a wine maker to make money the average cabernet sauvignon is about 40 is it worth it i think napa wines are worth it because they're just consistent year-reader you know what you're gonna get and most times i i would say in the past five years the year that might be not as great but still pretty good it's 2017 and that's from the wildfires we'll see how 2020 shakes out but in general very very consistent very very good wines so if you're paying 40 50 for a bottle of wine chances are very high that's a pretty good bottle whereas if you spend 40 50 on a bordeaux you don't really know if you know the producer and you have done a little bit of research on years you know you can definitely find some really great burritos but you just have to do a little bit more digging in bordeaux the weather changes year to year some years it gets too much rain some year gets hail and california is just very consistent in general napa wines have very good structure they're rich they're powerful very fruit forward now what about budget or wines that don't meet that cut off what's going on with them are you saying cheaper napa wines aren't good no that's not true i'm just saying that just like be careful there could be some people who are just using the name to produce their wines but they're not very good producers today i'm drinking a bon ano napa valley cabernet sauvignon 2016. i got this at slightly at a discount i was like kind of surgery around so i got this bottle for 23. so this one says cabernet sauvignon on it so 75 of the grapes in here have to be cabernet sauvignon so i did a little bit of research this producer is just above that 75 this tells me that it's a bordeaux blend those grapes are four out of the seven grapes that can be grown in bordeaux and they'll call that a bordeaux blend 85 of the grapes have to be from napa valley i don't know for sure but i wouldn't be surprised if some of these grapes are from outside of napa valley of course they wouldn't advertise that but that's why i'm just saying just for like the bargain napa valleys just be aware that some of the creeps could be grown outside the valley they might not even tell you what the other grapes are this producer had the breakdown but sometimes you won't know that this is actually a blend and not 100 varietal napa wines are definitely a good choice for a special occasion but it's definitely not an everyday drinking wine it's way too expensive for an everyday drinking wine if you want to treat yourself yeah go get yourself a napa naval wine cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @elixsprite [3 likes]: so informative and entertaining! amazing infographics that really help solidify the concepts. also hilarious mean girls references. one of your best vids yet!
  2. @StanReitanStanTheWineMan [3 likes]: Nice episode, good job explaining Napa Valley and why they are more expensive. Keep the great episodes coming. Cheers!
  3. @aaronchan2942 [1 likes]: Would agree that Napa is more consistent in style than Bordeaux, but Bordeaux is just as or more consistent in quality in my opinion. Part of that is global warming and improved winemaking techniques, but yes, the style vintage to vintage and producer to producer will vary more, so for me that makes it more interesting. Bordeaux in general ages better too. Yes, as you said, it might take a little more research to find the style that you like in Bordeaux, but then you get more for your $40-50. Napa is more consistent stylistically, but it's kind of boring in that sense. I'm from that part of California too, but I prefer Bordeaux.
  4. @TheMixtapeArchive: Spottswoode, Bryant Family, La Jota (Howell Mtn), Crocker & Star are a few of the standouts for me from the valley. 

I grew up in CA, and consequently on Slurpees and Jolly Ranchers - so, naturally gravitated to the goopy Cabs at first. It took me years to move beyond Caymus, Justin ISO, etc. I feel like moving past modern Caymus is a right of passage 😂

Napa has a ton to offer; I seem to enjoy juice from here more these days than a lot of French wine.

Still think Santa Ynez is slept on though..

Great channel BTW ✌🏻
  5. @ordinary-daddee: Started watching your channel. So yes, Napa definitely has fantastic high-end wines at the $80 to $100+ price points. Unless folks are making north of $250k, great Napa wines are quite out of reach. If you live or frequent the area, finding more affordable good wines is a challenge there. As you mentioned, the Napa label is just a premium. (meh on the bling.)

Having lived in the SF Bay area for over 14 years with friends / acquaintances in the industry, you’ll find just as good wines in Sonoma and Mendocino that’s way more approachable. In fact we call many of them the working folks wineries. People in the know (locals) rave on Anderson Valley way up north. It’s a trek to get there yet worth it. Another favorite growing region is Paso Robles and San Luis Obispo in the Central Valley. In fact the movie Sideways ways filmed there.

With love and affection for outstanding wines, I highly recco that your next visit should focus on those other regions.
  6. @15taliesin15: I live a little south of Napa, and there's a secret some of us know about regarding more affordable Northern California wines, but one must proceed with caution. There's this chain store on the West Coast called Grocery Outlet--each is owned independently, but they often have similar selection, in terms of wine, but there's always wines that are less common, or only found in a handful of stores, including wines from Napa (also Sonoma, Mendocino, Lodi Zins, etc). Prices are always a bargain, but quality is all over the place. Many of these wines are reportedly winemaker seconds (with fictional wine labels), but some are experiments they didn't release, but still has their label, or a one-off akin to what you sometimes see at some Trader Joe's stores around here. Two examples of real wine bargains you can find at most Grocery Outlet stores in this area (the ones in Napa itself are the best)--Pra Vinera Cab, Zin, Pinot Noir, & sometimes other varietals. $7, comparable to a $15+ wine IMHO. Not mind blowing, but a good bargain wine for every day drinking. Not sure who makes that, but I suspect it's some major Napa wine producer. Now, there's a lot of smaller producers around, whose wines you'll see at Grocery Outlet. One winemaker is based in Sonoma, but they get their grapes from all over the place these days, because land prices in Napa and Sonoma are astronomical--that's Sunce. Generally only available by member subscription, rarely in stores. I have friends who've been buying that one for decades, and on occasion you'll see Sunce at Grocery Outlet for about $5 off per bottle. Lots of others like that at Grocery Outlet.
  7. @headlessgourmand8876: Simple informative, like you

- Napa's Best: Wine and Food Pairing: Kind: captions Language: en one of the most popular programs at the ketto estate is the weekly food and wine pairing each Thursday afternoon executive chef Janelle Weaver expertly matches her artistic creations with the entire range of ketto wines we have wonderful food and wine pairings at the winery and uh Janelle Weaver our Chef who was just one of the most talented pallets that I know amongst many other things you know but uh everything really kind of comes out of the garden and everything we can seasonally and uh all of our own herbs and everything so it just works so great and Janelle is just has a Magic Touch of creating foods that really work perfectly with our wines and she integrates the wines in a lot of her sauces and desserts and things like that and it's really really an amazing place to come and enjoy and and eat and party and picnic and uh drink our wine so I love making Pate of course the rabbits we raised is that [Music] lovely quite an interesting pairing this is going to be a duck comfy taco with apricot Chardonnay preserves this is a little um rare hanger steak that we're going to be able to contrast to a nice unctuous housemade lamb and prune Plum sausage all right shall we let them in yeah all right hello welcome well welcome everybody to uh our wine and food pairing here at colado estate I'm Janelle and I'm the chef here I've been here for 5 years and uh we've been offering this since about October and it's a really fun opportunity I hope for a to get a little bit more of a of an in-depth look at the subtle nuances of pairing food and wine so my job is really to know the wines through and through I spend my all my days with these wines and uh hopefully pair food appropriately to them components just not it doesn't have to be real technical it's like do you notice any Sweetness in it um you know does it make your tongue start to salivate indicating some acidity um things like that that then we'll talk about the texture you've all heard about texture because that's when somebody says oh it was a huge wine it really indicates the power and intensity of the wine and then the third part is the flavor component and that's what everyone really loves to talk about and I'd like to reassure everyone here that this is the part that really is the most subjective anything that you're going to smell in the wine uh is obviously coming from your old factory system and that's really really linked to your memory system and so I think it's fun because we all often start noticing things from our childhood and Mountain fruit is very very intense I think that it's very special up here it's very indicative of its teroa and um this wine is very versatile sweet and tart balance there was like a flavor first when kind of the first of the be wine you know the protein bonds the stronger that they are the more of a taming effect they're going to have on the tan after a couple glasses we can all have an accent you know Lam and beef paired with red wine is going to work every time but if you really really want it to really work you'd want to examine the cooking method along with the wine that you serve and there's a kind of a scientific reasoning behind it cheese and chocolate yeah perfect or put under Grill it or just drink it

  Top Comments:
  1. @FallonBill: One mistake on my part - viewed just before dinner.  What a delicious looking video.

- Visit & Learn About The World Famous Napa Valley, California -V is for Vino Wine Show (full episode): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the world-famous Napa Valley! It's the wine mecca of America. The allure and prestige of castles and heavy-hitter wineries. Household names everywhere you look. Celebrity passion projects. World renowned restaurants. And land that sells for up to a million dollars an acre; we're gonna find out why. Welcome the V is for Vino: let's watch learn and drink! This may not be the place where wine began in America but the Napa Valley is without question the place that put America on the wine map. And while 90% of wine made in America is made in California only 4% of that comes from the Napa Valley. But the small amount of wine they do produce here has gained international recognition and made sure America always has a place at the international wine table. Napa is located about 55 miles northeast of San Francisco tucked east of Sonoma County and south of Lake County. The valley itself is framed by mountains on either side which help moderate the temperature and protect from wind and rain. Only 2% of the world has a dry Mediterranean climate like Napa; that means not too hot, not too cold, long growing season with minimal temperature change in rainfall. It's not only the perfect place to grow grapes but it's also the perfect place to live: its why so many people love it here. Napa has had its fair share of challenges. The first Napa winery was started by Charles Krug in 1861 but in the start of the 20th century a devastating root louse called Phylloxera wiped out 80% of the vineyards and in 1920 Prohibition put almost every winery out of business. It's really only in the last 50 years that Napa has become the icon that we know it as today. And for that story we need to take a trip to Paris... The year was 1976. A man named Steven Spurrier who was running a wine shop in Paris invited some of the most esteemed well credentialed wine professionals in all of France to participate in a blind tasting competition of French versus Californian wines at the Intercontinental Hotel in downtown Paris. The judges would taste ten chardonnays; four from burgundy and six from California, and then move on to the reds. All this was done more of a publicity stunt than anything else and the competition might as well have been rigged; no one, and I mean no one, expected the American wines to stand a chance. After all, these were the French; the Masters of terroir and the kings of all things refined and the Californian wine makers were seen as a bunch of dopes who didn't know how to make wine. But then the unthinkable happened: first place of the white round was a 1973 Chateau Montelena from Napa Valley and the American wines took three of the top four spots. At this point the judges were alarmed to say the least- so in the next red wine round they tried even harder to distinguish the French from American wines to assure a French victory. But alas, the winner was in 1973 Stag's Leap Wine Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley beating four first-growth Bordeaux: wines that sold for thousands of dollars and had famed reputations. And one lone reporter from Time magazine caught the whole thing... The fallout was massive. Time magazine published an article claiming victory while the French press tried to downplay the event in any way they could- but didn't matter it was too late. It was the shot heard around the world and Napa had pulled the trigger. It proved that Napa wines could not only stand toe-to-toe with the best wines in the planet but gave California its opening to enter the world stage. Today's featured grapes are Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc. These grapes are most famously made in a place called Bordeaux which is in the west side of France. Bordeaux makes some of the most highly sought-after famed and consequently expensive wines on the planet. Names like for Petrus, Haut-Brion Margaux, Latour, may not mean anything to you, but for some winos it's all they think about. And while white Bordeaux wines are great in their own right, it's the red Bordeaux wines that everybody loves. What exactly is a Bordeaux blend? Well it's any combination of five grape varieties, but ninety percent of the time it's mostly Cabernet Sauvignon or Merlot that dominates the blend. What does this all have to do with Napa Cabernet Sauvignon? Well the reality is most Napa Cabernet Sauvignon are actually Bordeaux blends. See the law says that only seventy-five percent of what's listed on the label has to be in the wine, so a lot of winemakers make Bordeaux blends but they label them Cabernet Sauvignon mostly for a selling point. Americans are more comfortable buying Cabernet Sauvignon than something that has a blend listed on the label. Sauvignon Blanc. If California chardonnay is Mike Tyson, kind of round and heavy-footed, Sauvignon Blanc is Sugar Ray- all finesse. It's taut, lean, herbal, and an acidity that cuts right through the heart of the wine. It's actually the mother of our other grape Cabernet Sauvignon. See in the 17th century Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc crossed to form Cabernet Sauvignon. And it kind of makes sense- they all share a very similar green characteristic. Cabernet Ffranc is stewed bell peppers, Cabernet Sauvignon mint, menthol, and fresh bell peppers, but Sauvignon Blanc? Everything green under the sun. Grass primarily, but dill, jalapeno, lime, green apple, gooseberry, other citrus fruits and stone fruits are pretty common as well. It's a perfect pairing for most foods because it's got a great amount of acidity so it's perfect with anything else green especially think your salad course or vegetables. Cabernet Sauvignon. It's the classic international grape varietal. It's grown pretty much everywhere in the world that grows grapes. It's kinda like the George Clooney of wine: it's rugged yet refined, ages well, and loved by pretty much everybody. It's got a lot of dark fruit flavors: so black cherry, blue fruits, and then blackberry, cassis, blackcurrant, also some green notes like eucalyptus and menthol. With oak aging, which it usually has, it can get some spice notes and with age it gets leather and cigar box. It ages really well and that's because it has a very high skin to juice ratio if you look here you can see how much skin there is compared to how little juice there is and that makes a very high tannin wine which allows some of these wines to age for 20 30 40 years plus. It was time to head to the vineyards where I'd meet Sarah of Elizabeth Spencer wines. Vince: I'm getting you in basically what is the middle of harvest. Tell me a little bit about what it's like during harvest time. Sarah: Yeah you're basically on call 24/7. Well harvest is really exciting you don't get a lot of sleep but you make up for it in just the stimulation and you remember why you got into it. The smells in the winery are always just so incredible. V: Yeah we've noticed that, everywhere we go smells great. S: It's really infectious. V: Can you tell a little bit about Elizabeth Spencer, tell me just what you can about the brand and how it got started. S: Elizabeth came from marketing, she met Spencer who was in fine wine distribution out in Virginia and they both had some background in restaurants after a long courtship they decided to get together, as it were, and they formed the brand Elizabeth Spencer, and had their first Cabernet release in 1998. Elizabeth Spencer doesn't own any of their own vineyards we contract with high quality growers to supply us with the fruit we need to make our wines. V: and thats a fairly common practice... S: it is a common practice in the Napa Valley it's probably you know roughly 50/50, I don't know how that shakes out in terms of acreage, but there are still estate wineries like this one White Rock vineyards that makes only wine from their own fruit but they also make they grow more fruit than they need for their own program and they will do what they did for me, which is sell other wineries the grapes. V: What is it like growing and being a winemaker in the Napa Valley in a place where you've got these mega producers? S: Because the Napa Valley has you know this reputation for good reason of growing high quality grapes, that always ups the ante. V: You know the same way you may have a restaurant town like San Francisco or New York kind of pushing everything forward Napa is kind of that for the wine industry. S:Tthat's a great analogy yeah they tend to be at the vanguard of implementing things that we've discovered in university and it also just attracts very talented winemakers and very smart people. I think that the people that are drawn into this industry are extremely passionate and it's a really interesting combination of people that are artistic but very scientific. V: All right so tell me a little bit about what we have here. S; We have Savion Blanc. It's a certified California organically farmed sourced from a couple of different vineyard sites in Mendocino. We want to see something that is really pure. Good acid, it's bright, it is focused, V:Awesome minerality on the nose in particular. S: I think we get a little bit of that gooseberry. There is a little bit of white flower, pink grapefruit peel. V: Yeah lots and lots of citrus and the more I get into this the more kind of floral it becomes. S: so Ialways get a little bit of capsicum, green pepper. Just such a great food wine. V: I always say you know anything green is always safe. Any kind of green you know salads or vegetables or anything but you know you can you could get up to this with a lot of like white fish and white meat. S: Sure, crab meat. Spencer would say crabmeat and avocado salad. V: So the tasting room is in downtown Rutherford it's a really cool spot. I love I love kind of the vibe in there. S: Well the tasting room is in the old Rutherford post office. It's a very cool building. Purchased the building in 2006. They had to do a major retrofit but they wanted to keep some of the integrity of the old architecture. It's very small in the actual tasting room and you definitely feel like you can engage with somebody and talk with them about the wines. V: Yeah, its a very and kind of an intimate tasting in a place where some of these grandiose tasting rooms kind of wash out the wine itself. S: Sure yeah we don't have a fountain yet. No infinity pool quite yet. Alright so now we have our Cabernet. Well it really is kind of a flagship wine for us since Elizabeth and Spencer have been making Cabernet since 1998. Its sourced from a number of different vineyards in the Napa Valley so in any given year we might have some fruit from Mount Veder or some fruit from the Stag's Leap area fruit from Coombsville, from Calistoga. I might have 5% new French oak in these wines, I don't want the oak to sit on top of the wine. V: Yeah and right away you can see it's integrated. I can get a little bit everything. I get the fruit coming through. S: Feels like kicking a dead horse but you know elegance. You want elegance in your Cabernet, you want structure, you want grip, you want tannin, you want all of those things that make it appropriate to have with food, but you also want an expression of fruit. In five years I expect this to have a little more vetiver and chocolate. V: You also get a little bit of kind of like that sweetness, maybe like a sweet spice. S: There's a little bit of tobacco there, yeah, some Cola. V: And it drinks a little darker on the palate than it does in the nose. S: Once you really dig into it you see that it's got structure. I recommend decanting it especially in the first two three four years of its life I think you'll have it a little more open and offering after decanting. Well thank you so much this is awesome, cheers! S: Cheers! Sarah and i went to the crush facility and she told me to wear shorts. I shoulda asked why. S: We talked a little bit about the process from taking the red grapes that we sorted today and putting them into a tank. So we have Syrah that is just been yeasted. V: Wow. And that's all the way down with grapes? God that smells so good. It smells like fresh-baked bread. S: That is the yeast yes. V: Very cool yeah you can feel that heat coming off of it that's pretty crazy. S: Okay I wanted to do an experiment though. I've got some of this fruit which I have put into three small bins and I'm gonna treat that fruit totally different than how I treat this fruit. So this T bin is exactly the same as the tank but we've inoculated it with a totally different yeast strain. In the case of these guys we're gonna kind of let them go on their own and how they do. V: And these are the whole clusters. S: There these are also a whole cluster ferment. Same thing but we're gonna stop on these guys... Welcome to the V is for Vino nerd lab we take complicated wine topics and make them simple! Today we're talking about tannin. Tannin it's not something that you do on the beach... thank you. Tannin it's one of the five essential elements of wine. It is a chemical compound or phenol that's found in the skin stems and seeds of the grapes. it's a bitterness or an astringency and it also contributes a little body character, it gives wine like a firmness. It's only found in red wines and this is because red wines are the only wine that actually sit with their skin stem and seeds. White wines we just press the juice very quickly and we let it go. Consequently these skins, the thicker they are the more tannin is going to be in the final wine, so thick-skinned grapes like Syrah and Cabernet and Merlot are going to have more tannin and then the thin-skinned grapes say Pinot Noir, Gamay, things like that. Now there's a couple foods that we have that actually have tannin in them. Walnuts and a lot of nuts have tannin. And tea, black tea specifically.We're gonna do a little experiment here- take a black tea bag put it in some water and steep it for a really long time. If they're supposed to steep it for four or five minutes we're gonna leave a go for like fifteen twenty. Seriously get out of here...here, watch these clips of slow-motion turtles we shot. annnd we're back. How about them Turtles? So, we've.... So, we're so we've got our overly steeped tea here and give it a taste. Now taste that that bitterness and that astringency? And especially how it dries out your mouth? That is tannin. So how do you fix it? Well you could try adding a little acid, people add lemon to tea, but it's really just gonna enhance it. It will enhance the acid and it'll enhance the bitter. Now you could try sugar it would kind of help it would basically make it very sweet in the front of the tea and still have that bitterness in the back. No the real solution here is cream. So if you add a little cream to the tea in the form of fat and then now give your tea a try. Much better. See what happens is the tannins bond with the protein in the fat and they soften both! Now it stands to reason that if you can fix overly tannic tea with fat you can fix tannic wine with fat. So that's why Cabernet Sauvignon is often paired with a fatty steak like a ribeye. They go together really well and it helps soften the tannins and the wine. Tannin also acts as a preservative, a natural preservative for wine, it's why some Cabernet Sauvignon and Barolos can last for 40, 50 years and age. That tannin helps preserve it. And this actually helps both the wine and the tannin: With age tannins become softer and the wine becomes more complex and exciting. I hope you enjoyed this nerd lab on tannin keep geeking out. After a hard day of wine tasting the locals? They're heading to TORC. Sean: It' my restaurant baby is what I would like to refer to it as- contemporary American restaurant located in Napa- the meaning of contemporary meaning we're not really pigeonhole to one cuisine we can kind of take products and cook them how they're best prepared. Everything rooted in a really great French or Italian technique with those ingredients brought into the mix. You know I grew up in the industry I started washing dishes at 9. My father was a hoteliers. A GM at a hotel. And put me on a milk crate and had me clean silverware for about five hours and that was it that was it. V: Fast-forward 20 years and here you are. S: Yeah fast-forward 35 years, you know? Crazy. I just decided that I really wanted to open open a restaurant here in Napa. It is the quintessential American wine country in my opinion and just the quality of produce is unsurpassed. There's so many other things that that I wouldn't want to do, that I could do, that would probably be easier but for me this is really my life's goal was to always have my own place and be able to choose the direction it goes and what we're gonna do and what the ambiance is like. V: Almost a fine dining technique with kind of a casual atmosphere that makes it fun. S: And meaning like a lot of fine dining restaurants you go in there it's very quiet and we try and take that pretentiousness out of it if you walk in here at the music's loud the dining rooms loud you know people are talking and having a good time and we put a product in front of you that you would hope to get at one of those restaurants. There's two things that I don't like to to label this restaurant and that's like farm-to-table farm to fork market driven. but we are market driven you know, we go to the farmers market at least once a week we have farmers that drive up to our door with produce we have some other purveyors that either raise ducks or game birds or we have a local fishermen from above 40 miles away over in Sonoma who pull up to the back door two or three days a week with live king salmon right now. We cook based off of what's coming to the door here. A lot of times dialogue we have with the cooks and the sous-chef says what are we gonna do with that and I look at them and I say I have no idea but we bought it and it's pretty cool and let's not waste it. V: Well I'd love to go get get to cookin you want to show us some stuff. S: Yeah definitely. V: Alright chef this is THE Napa Valley I'm expecting big things so what are we doing today. S: We're gonna kind of do a play on a Middle Eastern style tomato salad with bread and labne. V; You're speaking to a Lebanese guy so that's right on my alley. S: Whatever varieties we could really get. V: You just use whatever you can get whatever is fresh whatever they're bringing. S: Whatever's good. Yeah, totally seasonal it's the best way for us to be. So we're just looking to cut the tomato thick slices because we're gonna marinate it with a little bit of sherry vinegar and olive oil. And then salt, really important. V: Probably pull some of those moistures right out and kinda tenderizes them. S: Definatley. Then we're gonna take some good local fennel and I like the contrast that gives the sweetness to the tomatoes. Greek yogurt and then just some fresh lemon zest. This is some fresh garlic. I think to stay traditional to where this dish would be from you need that bite and then just a little juice pinch of salt touch of pepper and then we're just gonna mix that up with a spoon You know we always have like leftover bread so we'll tear some bread and then we're actually gonna saute it real quickly just to get some crisp on it and flavor. I'm gonna take a garlic clove always leave the skin on garlic so that way uh if we do get a little color on it we're not making it bitter. V: Oh interesting I like that trick. S: It's a good way to judge when when your oil is hot to too. V: It's hot, I don't know how you chefs do it back here all day S: Somebody has to. We're just flipping this to make sure it doesn't take too much color and if you see where it's starting to look a touch dry you just add a little more oil to it and then we're just gonna put this on on a paper towel to make sure it's not greasy. V: Now you said this dish kind of has middle-eastern roots to it. S: I think Mediterranean. Palestine, Israel, Morocco Italy the area you know the food is very similar. And then we're just gonna put a couple of dollops of the labne on the plate it's nice and thick you know it's something where you can drag the tomato through it and then the bread just sporadically on the plate and then a couple of other ingredients that we're gonna add to this fennel pollen from here in Napa. This is a coarse sea salt because everything needs salt and this is Pimenta espelette so this is a from the basque region of both Spain and France and it's a it's a dried red chili pepper. It's more smoky than spicy. This is anise hyssop. So we have the fennel which is anise we have the fennel pollen and then we're just gonna tear some fresh anise hyssop flowers and all. And it's got a really a neat light licorice flavor. lemon zest. V: Wow and you get the purple the yellow the red the green it's it's gorgeous. S.Thank you. That's it. V: I hate that I even hate to bother it it just you know you look at it all day. yeah oh you know what that spice is great. S: you know in all these different colored tomatoes too they all have variants and flavor you know some are higher in acid some are sweeter V: This red one here a lot less firm than say this one which is cool because you get that play on textures. The thing I can't get over here is that little bit how that little bit of spice goes so much for the dish. Absolutely gorgeous, that's awesome. We paired this with the Sauvignon Blanc for a few reasons; the acidity in the tomatoes really needs a nice high acid wine to match it and the floral notes of the wine go really well with the floral and licorice flavors of the anise hyssop. Plus the acidity of the wine cuts right through the fat that you find in the yogurt. Looks like we're busting out the big guns. S: Big guns. Steak. You know we're in Cab country. Prime dry-aged of New York Strip. V: Look how thick that cut. We're this thick, S: It's about 20 ounces it's good for two people. A good amount of salt on the outside pepper. V: Give me your three essential steak mistakes... S: number one is they let their father cook it which means it's either blood raw or well done so you avoid that that's number one Definitely a very very hot pan the third thing that's the most important thing is that it actually rests. And at this point we're gonna add something that's integral to the flavor of everything and that is butter it's gonna impart a nice nutty flavor on it but it's all gonna come out it's not it's not something that we're gonna keep in and we're gonna pour on the plate. V: Looks like a bath you get that nice froth going. S: Definitely we have a nice crust on both sides of the meat. I'm gonna take it out put it on the cookie sheet V: and I like that to the rack too. S: Yeah so that way there's air circulation under it. So we're at five hundred degrees here and after we've got that sear on the outside we're gonna let it cook for about ten minutes. I'm just gonna discard that fat but leave a little bit of it inside. A touch more olive oil so we're actually you're gonna cook the potatoes inside with some of the beef renderings. V: Oh wow so you kind of season that pan. S: And these are magic meuniers. So these are hand dug by a friend of mine over in Sonoma County so they're yellow and peach colored, and yeah, they're crazy and the texture is like light and fluffy and creamy. Once again garlic with the skin on. We're gonna take some of our potatoes put them in with a hot pan. lots of butter and we're gonna get that nice and frothy a little bit of salt. We're actually gonna put this in the same oven with the steak they'll actually cook in the ten minutes that it actually takes to cook that steak. So next we're gonna do some nice summer vegetables. Some beautiful little squash and they have the flowers on them, some fresh scallions, and we're just gonna cut some little like one-inch batons. So once again olive oil, the garlic and the skin. And we're gonna start with the squash so at this point I am gonna add the onion a touch of water. Just enough where it's gonna cause it to lightly steam. So you know would i look at flavor profile of the Cabs from Napa- big and fruit big on the palate, herbaceous yeah so we're gonna find things that that assist in that and bringing that out you know I get a lot of mint and so we're gonna actually use some mint in the dish. This is what's referred to as a chocolate mint. V: Kinda like mint chocolate ice cream if you could put it in a plant. S: yeah we're gonna put it in a steak. you take a fork and you just want to give it a poke- so that's that's ideal that's what we're looking for. Okay some more summer vegetables to those. So what we're gonna add our Padron pepper- so it's a Spanish variety, they're more that like bell pepper flavor that you do get from cab, and we're just we're just gonna get them a little blistered and in that frothy butter. Add some cherry tomatoes to that, take the onions and we're gonna make some nice fine slices and then we'll take our our nice scallions here and we're just gonna finish our potatoes. The chocolate mint. This is how you make sure the the steak is rested properly. So now what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna take the vegetables and we're just gonna put them on one side of this platter. All right let's see how the steak. The ring on the outside just to sear it in yummy this pink all the way through nice finishing salt like we put on the tomato salad fresh cracked black pepper on top last some of the chocolate mint raw and back to that kind of Mediterranean California connection some beautiful olives and then last we're gonna do a little bit of horseradish. V: look at that fresh. You know what I love about this too is that your handprint is all over it. S: Where you gonna start? I mean I don't know I probably got to start with the meat is that okay? S: Totally acceptable. V: So the first thing it hits me is that cut of beef the dry aged beef yeah and a little bit of funk and then the second thing I get is that beautiful that olives...that little bit of briny kind of salt which I love... come on oh my gosh and it melts in your mouth. I normally just explain what the wine goes with it you did my job for me... you took it a step further and says it we have these comparing flavors we can get these menthol in these mint flavors from the chocolate mints we can balance some of that freshness from the like berry and the fruit flavors with the freshness of some of these herbs and some of these spices so I love that you've taken it a step further in addition to all the comparing flavors. The big bold dish needs a big bold wine, and a tannin structure in the wine goes great with the fat in the steak. Unreal. Start-to-finish unreal. Cheers to that S: Thank you Vince. Thank you so much for having us. S: Thanks thanks for having me! We ended our day at the Oxbow public market- Napa's blend of restaurants stores and shops that carry well...a little bit everything. Meats and cheeses, wood fire pizza, sushi, oysters, craft beer, specialty bitters, of course wine. I hope you enjoyed the one and only Napa Valley we'll see you next time on V is for Vino!

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenniferdail7943 [13 likes]: As a Sommelier in Napa- you need a part two! The surface was barely scratched and we have so much more to show you! Please come back!
  2. @Janine-q3b8t [1 likes]: White wine best wine California
  3. @kenada254 [1 likes]: The nerd lab explanation of how cheese and red high  tannic wine match is awesome. Thank you 🎉
  4. @MartinM-e6n [1 likes]: The judgment of Paris was an EARTHQUAKE in the wine 🍷 world 🌎
  5. @Ultrarrow [1 likes]: "thanks for having me" man is great!!!
  6. @edwardevans5194 [1 likes]: Great wine show
  7. @fasteddylove-muffin6415 [1 likes]: Great movie was made on the California vs. French wines ‘70’s taste testing.
Dennis Farina, Bill Paxton.
  8. @ninjaundermyskin [1 likes]: I'm drooling over that food. One of the best meals I've ever eaten was at CIA at Copia. The wine tour, the Bay scallops, the pork chops, everything was incredible.
  9. @peterjohn86 [1 likes]: Aww, baby Vince 💚
  10. @TonyS-cm9xk [1 likes]: Very Nice!
  11. @dustytape [1 likes]: DOPE ! thanks ! this guy O'Toole should receive French Legion D'Honneur !! He puts 5 times more butter than any  french chef 😅😋
  12. @AriVideo.: Insomma roba americana 😂
  13. @Ultrarrow: 22:06 palestinian!
  14. @mikesellsnjpa: 100% NOT a fan of bare feet grape stomping. I was ready to purchase some of this wine until I saw that. I cannot believe she not only allowed this but offered it up. Otherwise loved the video as I do all your videos, but wineries should outlaw this disgusting practice completely! 🤢
  15. @olenacalderon9352: Should’ve washed your feet before stumping those grapes. I don’t understand why to go back to gross technology if there’s such advanced machinery.
  16. @reinhar0: Sorry but Chile and Argentina have much better wines, and you will find better wines in France 🇫🇷 Spain 🇪🇸 or Italy 🇮🇹 than in California
  17. @00billharris: No. Precisely because California has a Mediterranean climate, varietals of French origin must be grown in cooler micro-climates. Ergo the possibility of growing French-style Cabs, Chards and Pinot Noir in the extreme south of Napa. Here, moreover, the factors that make for great wine can easily be replicated--per the ostensibly scientific basis for the appellation system as such. 

Moreover, on a broader scale, V Vinifera's natural habitat is high altitude and cold--as indicated by its origins in the Caucasian Mountains. So for over 2000 years, Europeans have sought 'terroir' which will not over ripen the grapes into non-varietal character fruit bombs. Not so in California', where a legion of uneducated 'sommeliers freely associate  a goofy plethora pf imagined flavors that are nothing but variants of glorified grapy.

This includes Napa itself north of Rutherford and Oakville. And it must be understood that bottling/labeling laws give a winery the right to access juice from anywhere within the domain stated on the label. Juicyness is just a phone call away...

 Yet the fact remains that amerikunz like juicy fruit bombs. So be it, and some evidence exists that those frenchpeeples like this style, too. But the difference is that the latter refuse to pay over $9 for it: the assumed understanding is that the more expensive wines are by definition grown and vinified at a far higher cost. This means finding plots of land -'terroirs' - which will permit getting the ripeness just right. And the French, being who thay are, have passed laws and regulations via the 'INAO'.

But you peeple have no such regulations, and like true barbarians are proud of your 'freedoms' . Therefore, bs replaces real information, and the outcome is that the buying public is snookered into paying far more than the aforesaid $9 that;s easily available as generic Zin/Syrah field blends. So in short, I'm telling you, the buying public, that any and all Napas not designated Rutherford, Oakville or other specific points are rip offs. 

At night all cats are grey. Any and all varietals which ripen to grapiness will taste...grapy. Specifically, Cab that ripens to the point of losing its formic acid will not have the varietal character of pepper and raspberry that's been treasured since Roman times.  

And then there's the excessive alcohol issue and the legal right to add sugar after the ferment. You peeple disgust me. To indule in a bit of trollyology, I'm a tram conductor and i see that you and Trump are tied to alternate tracks, right and left. I have no idea what I'd do...
  18. @jmb-md2mz: Jai gouté leurs vins de californie : pas de tendresse pour la vigne, aucun savoir faire, aucune notion de la vinification. ces vins de californie sont mauvais comme tout. Nul a chier !!!!
  19. @mattpetersen4620: Excellent my friend.  
The wine country in Japan still not producing " top notch" wines, but get over here ( I live in Tokyo), and find some good wines ( there are a few) and cook some great food.
  20. @nicolettastavole5802: I love this soup. For gluten free, I substituted 3/4 cup quinoa for the pasta and omitted the bread crumbs.

- Every Wine Explained in 10 minutes Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Cabernet San in the 17th century Cabernet Fran and San Blanc grapes were an unlikely pair they produced a new wine in France it soon became very popular this wine had strong complex tastes of black currant and a touch of mint it pairs well with dishes like grilled steak or H cheddar but Cabernet Savon isn't just a one trick pony it's been the top grape for everyone throughout history from ancient Romans to modern-day celebrities so next time you supp a glass of cab remember you're not just drinking wine you're enjoying a delicious piece of History cheers to that Mero it's a grape type that had many ups and downs in the world of wine Mero and Cabernet San are often mixed but they have unique histories both came from the ber region in France Cabernet San came in the 17th century meanwhile Mero emerged in the late 18th century it became popular for softening cabs t canons over time Merlo gained popularity as a standalone wine it's shown in the right Bank of Berto these regions had clayr soils ideal for its growth meanwhile cabrin svan thrived in the Left Bank which had grally soils this Terre difference shaped their qualities Mero produced softer fruer Wines in contrast Cabernet svon had more structure it was also more intense in the late 20th century Merlin became very popular this was especially true in the United States it was seen as an easy to drink red Peno Noir people love this grape for its unique taste but it poses challenges to Growers and wine makers it needs specific conditions making great wines takes careful attention the best Pino Noir also comes for burgundy in France and today cool areas of California like the Russian River Valley they share a key trait a cool climate that helps grapes slowly ripen this leads to rich flavors and a good balance of fru and acidity to truly appreciate the nuances of Pino Noir it's crucial to pair with the right Foods the wine is delicate and subtly earthy it pairs well with dishes that have mushrooms truffles or gay Meats like Duck or venison Pino Noir also pairs well with salmon shiras also known as SAR is a grape variety that has captivated wine enthusiasts with its bold and spicy character shiras is from the Ron Valley in France it is found a second home in the sunny Vineyards of Australia where it is a Signature variety The Grape thrives in warm dry climates examples are the barasa valley and McLaren Val the long growing season lets the grapes develop Rich concentrated flavors when it comes to food pairings shiras is a versatile wine that can stand up to bold and savory flavors it's spicy notes and robust tannins make it an excellent companion to grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or venison the Wine's dark fruit flavors go well with dishes with Rich tomato based sauces these include classic spaghetti bolog they also have slow cooked Ru but how does chiras compar to the equally bold and flavorful malbeck malbeck is another bold flavorful red wine it's similar to chiras but has its own distinct character malba comes from the C region of France it is found its true home in the High Altitude Vineyards of Argentina especially in the Mendoza region the grape thrives in warm sunny days and cool nights of the Andis foot hills it develops a unique flavor that sets it apart from its French counterpart both malbeck and shiras have dark fruit flavors and a full body but malbeck tends to have a softer more velvety texture with less harsh tannin fruit flavors dominate its taste they're Lush and ripe like Blackberry Plum and black cherry they're often accompanied by hints of cocoa vanilla and even a touch of tobacco this is thanks to the Wine's frequent agent and Oak barrels but what sets malbeck apart from other red wine varietals the answer lies in its unique Journey from the old world to the new it is a adapted to its new home in the high altitudes of Argentina Rosé rosé wine is pink and comes from many places Province France is a major producer to make it wine makers briefly soak red grape skins and Juice this creates Hues from light to vibrant pink its taste varies it often mixes red fruit flavors with sharp acidity common notes include strawberries cherries and citrus making it light and tasty the sunent is floral and fruity with hints of rose petals fruits and melon it is versatile and refreshing this makes it a great match for dishes it complement salads Seafood meats and spicy foods chardonay moving on to delicious white varietal let's explore the world of Chardonnay it's a white wine that has captured many hearts shardon started in Burgundy France it has a long history dating to the Middle Ages as the name suggests they named it after Chardon Village this Village is in the Macon region over time this grape has spread across the globe it found new homes in places like California and Australia when it comes to taste chardonay is known for its diverse flavor profile the wine ranges from crisp and mineral driven to Rich and buttery it showcases a wide range of characteristics in cooler climates Chardonnay has flavors of green apple citrus in a hint of minerality in warmer areas it tastes more like tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango also many Chardon are asan oak giving them vanilla butter and toasted bread flavors this process increases the Wine's depth and complexity soan Blanc soan Blanc is a popular white wine with a sharp taste and unique flavors it's loved by wine enthusiasts worldwide this grape grows best and cool climates like the lar Valley in France and New Zealand's Malboro region there it develops its crisp refreshing taste high acidity gives savan Blanc its Lively zesty feel svan Blanc smell varies by region and wine making methods cooler areas often offer grassy Pepper or nettle notes thanks to purin the notes shift to tropical fruit is grapes ripen this happens especially in warm regions like California or South Africa its acidity and complexity makes San Blanc a great pairing for dishes it suits Light Summer meals and herbs like basil or mint also it enhances Seafood notably oysters with its acidity reasing reasing is a great Variety steeped in history and romance it traces back to the pretty Ry region of Germany people have known this Noble grap for centuries they've grown it on the Steep Terrace slopes of the Rind Valley there it has developed a unique character that character reflects the Region's special terar the cool climate and mineral Rich soils of the rine make the grapes sweet and acidic this creates wines that range from bone dry to Sweet reasing pairs well with food it is beloved for many types of dishes the wines off dry to Sweet styles are a perfect match for spicy Asian Cuisines such as Thai or Indian Vino Verde the refreshing an effervescent Portuguese white wine this wine is unique its name green wine doesn't mean it's green it refers to its youthful vibrant character Veno ver is made in the Lush Green Hills in the Minho region in Northern Portugal the cool damp climate and fertile soils there are perfect for growing the local grape varieties used to make kit it's bright acidity and Fizz make it perfect for seafood this is especially true for shellfish and grilled fish it also pairs well with salads and light appetizers so the next time you're looking for a unique and refreshing white wine to enjoy in a warm day grab a bottle of Veno Verde you'll get to experience the youthful charm of this Portuguese specialty zen fendel zen fundel is a grape variety that has captured the hearts of wine enthusiasts it has bold and spicy character it is known for making wines that are robust and fruity it often includes notes of blackberry raspberry and black pepper Zen fendel has a rich history in California where it has been cultivated since the mid 19th century the grape's origins however can be traced back to Croatia when it comes to food pairings zandel is bold and spicy it's ideal for hearty and flavorful dishes the wine has robust cannons and high alcohol they pair beautifully with grilled Meats such as beef or lamb they also go well with spicy Cuisines like Mexican or Indian zendel is also perfect with Rich tomato based dishes these include pasta with meat sauce or pizza champagne champagne is effervescent it epitomizes luxury and celebration it owes its character to a unique fermentation process called the metod champenois this labra intensive method involves a second fermentation in the bottle it gives the wine its Bubbles and complex flavor yeast and sugar dance in the bottle they make a symphony of smells and tastes these range from hints of citrus and bage to Rich toasty undertones the history of champagne is as captivating as the wine its Origins date back to the 17th century in the region of France with the same name here the monk D peran is said to have found the secrets of sparkling wine he said come quickly I am tasing the Stars comment and let me know if I left any wines out toao

  Top Comments:
  1. @beefb0ss [1 likes]: AI SLOP
  2. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌏🌍🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  3. @FoodItemsExplain: Video so nice but...... 😊
  4. @ExplainedDishes: Love how you explained everything about wine.
  5. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  6. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  7. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  8. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champagne!  
🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  9. @annataranto1414: What about Beaujolais?
  10. @mikemike3675: Modern day celebrities turned me off who gives a **
  11. @brettbourgeois5379: "Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc in the 1700 century." a few seconds later "and was enjoyed by the ancient Romans." AI trash
  12. @BehindTheBoottle: love this
  13. @aimeelouvier-sutton: All wine tastes like rotten fruit🤢🤢
  14. @KaitlynLifeDiaries: love the video
  15. @Pnm23: What is a Vinho Verde? Nothing but a Region, not a type of wine!
  16. @MerlinMoorlo: Everything you should know that every wine started in.... Burgundy, France. There are no such a thing as "american" wine in the universe. Its a sh*t. If you need real wine buy only French wine.
  17. @BornFree21: Aka the blood of the lamb
  18. @FloatyCatHazy: That is unsettleling and facinating at the same time, she maged to explain all wines but not a single one from Italy, like talking about box legends not metioning Tyson
  19. @strawberrycakez-b9z: You should stop using AI for your voiceovers girl
  20. @calicopiratecat: It's remarkable to choose the worst grapes for making wine video.

- From Portugal to Napa: The Gandona Winery Story: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Brett Martin and I'm Tina Martin and here we are with Cork and journey and so we're going to get into one of our very first Winery interviews thank you so much [Music] Anton tell us about G not yeah I know well first of all welcome of course U to gandona well thank you and it is beautiful it's a really nice day too so we got a really lucky here on Sunday morning right yes it's beautiful yeah we did just absolutely gorgeous we're here uh what is it now July 205th sixth something like that yeah we're on the 20th this is our third day of a 21-day wine tour sounds really good yeah and what better way to start it off than here yeah well thank you very much for for coming here this morning so um gandona I'll tell a little bit more about the history of gandona uh so the owner is is Manuel and Christina peries uh they were born and raised in Portugal Emanuel grew up really on the farm of his grandfather where they used to know grow grapes and olives and that sort of thing whatever you do in grow in Portugal and um Manuel really liked that that's what he wanted to do he wanted to become a ventor you know a farmer just like grandfather U you see like how you showed me old photos of he was like a four or five old boy like stomping grapes you know in Little Barrel U so that's what he wanted to do but life came kind of in between they ended up in Connecticut the whole family so then he started a business with his brother uh it was called Morris Watchman and it is a company that have anything to do with sort of key security lock boxes so that's why he you know kind of made some money um so in L 50s it's like okay this is not really what I want to do I really want to be that vinner so he came out here in 2006 and purchased this property so it's about 140 acres here on the middle of pritchet Hill uh we have about 20 acres of Vineyard U so he started that in 2006 this this is the cat we have a visitor going the name is the cat has followed us all over the winery uh so he started in 2006 um he hired also pH Mela as a consultant for the vineyard for built this production facility because none of this was here only some of the old buildings that you saw in the vineyard uh so this was all since been built uh we have a cave uh we have our production facility with all concrete tanks which is kind of unusual here in Napa Valley um but that comes back in this style of our wines um little bit about the name gandona that was actually the nickname of his grandfather it means sort of humble man if you translate it to English um so his Grand father had a really good standing in the village it would give a lot of things and produce of the people in the village Portugal was very poor in the 60s and 70s uh so he got that nickname as uh as Mr gandona so for Manuel being all inspired man's grandfather and growing up in Portugal uh was kind of an easy way to find a name you know for this wi it's a great name yeah very very nice all right um so we're going to taste four wines today yeah yeah so we have a chardonay and it's actually the only Graves that we purchase uh we do not grow chardonay here in the vineyard um it's a little warm on purchase Hill for for Charon so we purchase these from the Sonoma Coast from the Richie Vineyard okay Kent Richie there has a good siiz Vineyard has been farming it for many many many years um so they're they're very high demand so you don't get too many grapes from it so we make about a 100 cases on on the on a good year uh if we can get the grapes uh but just to kind of round out your portfolio your big shardon a fans exactly yeah yeah a little burgundy style kind of shardon a we feed mea you know he is real Frenchman came here about 25 years ago but he definitely still has a lot of that French influence so what do you guys do with this you mention your concrete tanks but I imagine there's some oak on this as well yeah there is actually the charar really pretty much only sees Oak um so it's it's Oak fermented and then it goes into the oak barrels and it sits on the lease in the oak barrels for about 18 months so some of it is new about a third of the barrels are new so that's where we get S of the you know the the new oak on there so you're basically doing so you said a third so you got one third new then one/ third just neutral kind of thing yeah yeah yeah the rest is basically neutral but it's it's all like like oak oak fermented and then it goes in Oak uh to age as well and then we'll uh of course we'll filter it and bottle it um so about two years we'll have it okay that's nice a lot of citrus on it mhm yeah nice yeah yeah do of course in snowa county is it's a great area to uh to grow rapes I mean I think if one camera is kind of focused on the mountains because the mountain range you see in the background there those are the Mayas right um so that's really the border between Sonoma and Napa County so it's a lot cooler on the other sides um so much more suitable for Charlene and ponir and the cat is everywhere the C everywhere I could I could tell no she's fine f she fine perfect um this is good so you do just 100 cases you yeah about 100 cases yep so a total production is about uh 1500 cases of wine so of course mostly rats all the rats are all from the estate all from the estate Vineyard that that we just kind of saw this morning and you were telling us earlier we're on top of Pritchard Hill yes and so kind of volcanic soil and kind of what makes Pritchard Hill so special I think it's more sort of of that location um it's it's is you know certain sort of a mountain has Mountain like qualities uh but it's not as high for instance as H mountain or Spring Mountain so it doesn't get as cool but it does have sort of the soil that a lot of times you find the mountains a mountains you use normally you don't really have too much of the top soil right cuz there all been drain down to the river over the years so that's more in valley floor so here you don't have a lot of top soil U but for grapes and fridal especially carabet that's just perfect it's just a lot of rocks there there's not a lot to go on for them um creat very small berries like I V too we have berries our cabinet s berries are like small blueberries um so they're very concentrated though but we do also need a lot of berries to make some wine um in some parts of the venard you only get about a ton per acre uh yields which is very low um you know NAA valley floor probably more four to six tons per acre so it's it's um that's why also you know we have 20 acres of vineard but our production is sing about 1500 cases because you just you know don't grow as many grapes that's crazy what are what is one of the best things about your job doing things like this I think I I don't send anymore morning and just enjoy some wine um I've always been interested in wine but I really like more the social aspect of wine than the production if that makes sense y um for me it's just like wine is really sort of a beverage right that it's hard to just go sit somewhere and just drink by yourself you usually don't do that you just want to hang out with f and family um I think that's what wine does for me that that's sort of the thing that I really enjoy about the wine but what was your first wine job ah my first wine job was actually at a winery called cane and it's on Spring Mountain uh they make a wine called cane 5 um so I I'll tell you a little bit actually of course we're now here in UPA Valley but we used to live in Florida for quite a long time because that's where I met my wife and um so at some point I was really interested in wine and I saw that the international s guilt was doing uh courses at the culinary school in Orlando and it's like great you know I'm more of like a on person so it's like I'll do that course was actually every Sunday for about 26 weeks uh start at 9:00 in the morning and you know sometimes 5 6 o'clock at night it would be done um we tasted all the wines blind so you studyed during the week on Sunday was all wine tasting and that really opened up this whole world of for me of of you know having wines from all over the world then I was like okay this is great maybe it would be really nice to kind of work in the industry so that's kind of how in the end we sort of ended up here in NAA Valley and I started working in the winery cuz you went to law school right I did yes yeah did you become a lawyer um well it's kind of interesting story so I went to law school in the Netherlands um and then I also did a a master degree at Stetson in in St Petersburg Florida um so actually I started publishing so I started publishing law books so there's a publishing company out there called vand plus publishing um but you know as you see books can be a little boring right in law books especially probably um so that's why I think the wine should have kind of brought the little extra element to life so this first red first red so tasting from from left to right today the first red is the encosta um encosta means Hill slope in Portuguese okay um well you saw a Vineyard um there certainly there's some slope there so this is normally sort of our blend I could they our Bordeaux blend because we grow three great varials in the vine we have caban svon uh we have cabinet FR and we have petite Foo um so this is the wine that we know mostly cabet this one is actually 78% Cabernet Salo okay and then we blend some caon and peodo into it yeah so it's vintage it is really kind of a beautiful wine it's really the 17 vintage I think is a great vintage um and it's really just sort of now coming into its own you know being about five years old it's really just opening up and it becomes smoother and smoother kind of every time I taste it now know this cap is really evolving right now in the bottle really is that's interesting and when do you think it's going to you know hit its peak how many years um think another I think another two years or so um and I mean key is with all these Cabernet um I think I would say in general from Napa Valley all the Cabernet make sure either they have some h on them or decant them long enough um I've actually had some of the encosta this week where I open it up in the morning and I drink some in the evening and it it was just really really beautiful so you just because it had that whole day of oxygen going in there because these wines are still so young U even at 5 years old that they really need that that oxygen to kind of mellow them out and and bring them in better balance yeah we say that all the time we talk about all the time we deant almost all the time it's funny when you're in a restaurant and you're like hey would you decant this I mean it doesn't even matter if you're buying a $50 bottle of cap which is they're going to charge you 100 plus for in the restaurant right but like we need to can't like yeah you know at most of the time you know the time too it's just like you know I went to a restaurant last night I've been about hour and a half but there's really not enough time for this wine to decant and after hour and a half I'm done with the wine you know it's done right we're ready for the next we went out last night to uh Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse and what did we get it was one Steph Curry's label that he's got right and it was it was a cob Fran blend and it was pretty good but we basically had been out all day and so we're like drinking it's like ah you know and we to corked it back up and took it back to the yeah Hotel Tina amazingly with the decanter holding her bottle hand perfectly so not a drop didn't Ste a drop and poured it right in but and that after a day wine tasty really good pretty impressive and then there we were I have skill this a PG show so um but then that later that evening so we finished we had dinner like we're done we're back and we're we're just kind of kicking out out on the deck and just relaxing and we're like hey wow this is really gotten better yes you know was quite four hours yes no it's it's true um and I usually don't always have the patience to do that uh but it's really super beneficial so I really tell everyone um that comes here just know for Argan Dona wines but just in general just for every sort of Napa Valley big Cabernet um make sure you deant it as long as possible coups before dinner yeah at least a I would say at least a couple hours at least a couple hours yeah interesting so so if you had to pick one wine to drink for the rest of your life what would that wine be uh it' be pretty easy it would be NAA Valley cabinet Soo really yes yes uh it could very well be a gandona uh but of course there's lots of really nice um beautiful wineries here in UPA Valley that make cre cavet s but I think this this area I think is just sort of such a prime area to grow this grape varietal it's probably the best part in the world you know to to grow cabinet s so we're hearing a lot of talk um in the news these days about the climate and um the heat waves and all of this how is this affecting um your gr well certainly of course if you get the with climate change or you get warmer years um that will really affect the grave varials uh because there's really a difference like our venard is usually about two three degrees cooler than like the Napa Valley floor that's because we're up in elevation we have some influence from Lake Hennessy so if that is you know much more than two three degrees it's going to have a big effect on the grapes you know lucky thing is for for Napa Valley and sort of this area and Sonoma County we're still so close to the ocean so if that ocean stays pretty cool we don't get these huge heat spikes normally here right we had already couple of days that were over 100 degrees but it's not really more at this point than normal because the ocean really has an influence but when you go further Inland of course that's a whole different story because then you definitely have that and you have have start looking for potentially different graer Idols so right now with this climate you know cabinet so on does perfectly here you know maybe 50 years from now it's all tempero because right because it's really hot so you need a grape to can deal it a lot more heat which favorite grape is it cab yes c c would be my favorite gra I go back and forth go on a petit s Rock kick and a Fran kick and I don't know but you always come back to this this by the way is just beautiful prob cut this 110 a bottle uh yes and how do people get your wines well we mostly kind of sell through the winery here uh you know we have an allocation uh that once you visit here you'll be on the allocation list uh we'll send you out an email or release new vintages and say hey this what what's available obviously we don't produce a lot of wine so it sort of varies from what we have available uh depending on the Vintage um but that's why we mostly uh sell our one so no wine club we do not have a wine club no no it's just an allocation get on the mailing list and or an allocation list yeah so you do Reserve wine for people that say I'd like to be on allation list uh yes we do we do and also for a gandona I know we release part to the allocation of course we keep wines so we can have guests like you you know both of you here um and then we also keep a really good Library as well knowing that these wines will just continue to improve over the years uh so we have a really good siiz Library as well nice so the Winer Gand Dona but then you have have a wine called gandona but then the other wines are called Maya and Costa and Casta correct correct it's just it's just to bring a little bit of sort of difference I guess we could call it sort of the gandona and um but we decided sort of for having kind of like this the you know the second label is the encosta uh so to give that a different name than the gandona the Maya actually means in the middle um and it's not because actually it's in the middle right now today um on the table too but um it's actually where the blocks are in the vineyard uh they're kind of the middle blocks because about in the middle of on the property also an elevation well speaking of Maya let's move on to that so that's actually how we found out about gandona um there's a wine shop in misho California called a hidden Vine and we were there and they it was part of their wine club believe it or not they threw one bottle in on the highend side yeah and uh we're blown away yeah yeah Blown Away we've got a review of it on our on our website but just an absolutely amazing wine I mean like a Cabernet it's funny so yeah we live in South Orange County and the Laguna County Winer is down there and he makes all his wines there he sources his grapes from here and he makes them all down there and he was over at our house one night and I'm like oh you want to try something and this guy you know just wine maker forever and just was blown away it's a the best yeah FR ever had it is very very interesting C Fran yeah so anyway I had this with a wine maker um JJ if you're out there from Laguna Canya Winery and we sat around one night and he just was like far away said the most fantastic Cal fron he'd ever had I kind of agree with it I mean what makes this so special now actually think since now it reminds me a little bit um Antonio galone uh the wine critic he came here last year and sort of you know critiquing our 200 19s so he tried to send his mayor Kon the 19 and he wrote in this article about Napa Valley and he said like you know the mayor is such a great project because it really shows what a cabinet form could be in NAA Valley and he was kind of disappointed that there's not more wineries because there's quite a few wineries that do a c farm that they don't make him sort of from this sort of quality this level this this um he felt like you know there's a lot of potential here up valy to make really great C frog so so we're kind happy with that with that little shout out um but it kind of remind me of of that way you said that um of course Kang is a very different grade than cabin know is related it's actually sort of a parent of the caban S isn't it isn't it K Frank and S correct yeah yeah so it was a parent um but it has a lot less talents uh than than the caban sopon has and that's one thing that you really get in your glass you know in your pet it's really just like it's it doesn't really have sort of these Tennant so it's kind of smooth I've never noticed that it has really earthy notes as well really earthy notes kind of herbal notes so it that's that's why it's kind of been used of course as a blending grape um because normally if you if you blend the wine right you you're kind of looking you have a wine maybe say you know cab based or mal low based um like they do in Bordeaux and they're kind of looking they feel like hey we could use a little bit more on the mid palette we could use a little bit more collar we could use a little bit more whatever so that's where the blending grape comes in you know by blending those into it you sort of kind of get that profile of wine that you really want um so Kong certainly has certain characteristics um but now in this bottle although it's 88% cap frong we have Blended a little bit cabinet svon into it uh 2019 is very sort of easygoing vintage um so it could really use a little bit more structure that sort of the Cabernet brings to it uh so we have Blended about 12% cabin svon into this one as well but W it's been chowing really well uh this wine still very young though you know 19 well we were talking earlier we did a comparison between the 18 and the 19 there was neck and neck we thought the 18 maybe but there were some extenuating circumstances tting that we did but um we just love this got a lot in our seller and you know it's always interesting of course to uh compare vintages um you know we do that quite a bit here as I said we have a pretty good siiz library of our gandona so um from time to time I really like to open up uh something older and then then our current vintage and then of course it's really sort of a comparison and was interesting is just like okay well now you can see where say we open up in 2012 and we having the 17 here it's like hey this wine this is 5 years along so this wine is going to taste much more like this one in five years then you know so that's really nice uh are you guys building up a library yes yeah you do do you ever do library tastings those kind of things or uh we can do that we can do library tastings as well yeah that would be fun to do to come back for that yeah no sure so tell us a little bit about um the wine makers the wine makers so we have um ever since we sort of started the winery we've been Consulting with Philip Mela uh phip Mela is sort of you know I think most viewers um actually probably have heard of him um you know French guy came to nle Valley about 25 years ago and has an enormous track record enormous amount of experience um and that's really what you need especially for sort of a young Winery that gandona is is to bring in sort of that experience that somebody's had that's been here now for you know 25 years um then we have Adam Casto he's the guy on site so he came with Philipe about N9 years ago so we've been here nine years now and he works hand uh hand in hand uh with Philip to really make the wine so he's really the guy that's here Monday through Friday you know doing everything in the seller but it a very small operation now um I always kind of joking of people like hey I'm the guy you know doing tastings and I'm also answering the phone so if the phone rings now I'm not answering it um and then we have Adam he does everything for the wine and really everything else is sort of done by the owners the owners are very handson uh you know Christina he you know the lady that does all the bookkeeping and any shipping issues that might come up um and then Manuel you know he will do everything else for for the winery you know he has the vision everything you kind of see here is really created by Him well they're doing a great job yeah really is amazing so should we move on to the I guess we're going to go for the big boy huh have to do it at some point so this comes in at 165 a bottle now um a $15 price increase from the 2018 that's inflation for you right there I'll say worth every PNY um and then your uh cab at 250 this is the 2017 we're going to try I it's a 2017 yes I can do what do you want to say about it D gandona um I always you know I always I with gandona a lot of times I if we if we do a taste thing I don't say an awful lot I just kind of like to see people's Expressions oh really okay yes yes oh my wow that's smid that's why I usually don't say much that's smid um incredible balance on it it is it's incredible it's it's really s such a pure expression of what you know a Vineyard and pritet hill and in this case you know our gundo and a Vineyard um you know can do with sort of this Cabernet so what did this go through what's the process on this one is it 100% cap it's 100% cap every vintage okay so what's the process do you have the concrete tank me the oak tell us like what this goes through from Harvest to bottle so really one of the great things that we have a gone is like we have our own Vineyard crew we do our own Vineyard management um you know we have a consultant for that helps us out once in a while if we need to but we have our own crew in the vineard all year around and that's very important because you know before that uh we haven't had it since about 2015 we've had our own crew uh if you don't have that you have to bring in a venard crew and they can only come on certain days and certain times so we can be selective what we do in ven which is very important that's where it starts right it really all starts inen with these wines so if we Al for instance if we Harvest we don't have to harvest Everything at Once because you we can keep yes we can keep going through that Vineyard you know at the end we can start at the beginning we can just kind of harvest which is actually very important for the Kong because Kong is one of those rals that doesn't really ripen evenly so you'll have clusters that are much further along than others so you don't want Harvest those sh right you're not going all Yim here Barry by Berry but you're going cluster by cluster right yeah cluster by yeah yeah um so for then we do the same thing for of course like gandona you know we wait for the right moments to harvest and that's where it all starts um of course the and donut grapes really come mostly from the blocks that are on on the steepest slopes uh we go up to about 40% in this Vineyard uh slope difficult to to you know to to Really Farm but do really great great results for for the gandona so we'll start with Selective harvesting we'll come here we all do concrete fermentation um on these wines and then they will go in barrel all French Oak barrels and they will go in the Bell basically for about 2 years you know 18 months 18 to 24 months okay and they'll sit in our cave and uh at that point there will be bottles we'll keep them about two years in bottle and then we'll release them now is that new French Oak barrels or do you how long do you use your barrels here yeah so for for a CET like this usually use quite a lot of new Oak uh the 17 probably has about 60% uh new oak on there um this for foramin is kind of important uh to really get that sort of smoother Tannon structure uh the barrels are essential in that so that we have you know a barrel program for for I canona so we keep our barrels anywhere so about 3 4 years um so you know so we use of course use some neutral oat bells for part of the wine production um after that we'll uh we'll sell them all yeah all of your wines have the most beautiful legs Anton they really do it's just beautiful wow so this is a f Doo this is our Port style wine uh cuz you know we cannot call really a port but it's really very authentic Port very attemped because also we grow the grape fral that they would normally use in Portugal to make pors which is okay um and we have about a third of an acre on this property that we grow this on the estate yeah so we grow this Portuguese grape here so we can really make an authentic style Port um it's called FAO because I told a little earlier that Manuel you know spent a lot of time at his grandfather uh Farm in in Portugal and this is actually the name of the farm it was Kinto fago that was the name of the farm um it kind of means sort of natural arch of stone because it was a natural stone formation on the property um that's uh so that's where the the farm got his name from nice that's very very nice so good so you're talking earlier about your favorite gravee you said it's Cabernet and that's it but what's like is there a bottle that stands out that's very in your lifetime like there was that one bottle model you had that was just crazy like this yeah like a DRC or something like that yeah no it's actually for me uh it kind of was like a staglin uh cabinet saw me on the 25th anniversary uh wine uh that was just a a really just really nice cabinet I think so it really shows what what a Napa cabinet can be mean it's because it's like nap caps can be really big but at the same time the G be very elegant you know very smooth M 10 structure and that's what I personally like so that was one of the first models that I had as you know as a really good quality NAA valy cabin s uh and I brought it I took it to a steakhous and it was just a great experience yes yeah they're uh we have some staglin we did the again hidden Vine did a whole staglin they're really they really go find some good wine makers and bring them down there they really do this is except it is that is nice H it's lovely yeah it's not too this is so good it's not easy we are how many miles up out out of the way up this hill here to get to your Winery it's two three miles right miles up hill right and while we were filming this a couple had had this port yes and they journeyed up here actually they drove all the way from Glenn Allen which is on the other side of the mountain Inova County wow because that's where they that tried it in the restaurant last night and Anton did not turn them away he went and got them support which was fantastic so well Lon thank you so much I really appreciate everything you've done I think can we get a quick little T cave tour before we go yeah of course that'll be awesome all right thanks thank you very

  Top Comments:
  1. @titogar2012: Nn?m???m?m

- Italy - The famous wines of Tuscany | Worldwide Wine Civilizations: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] with its idilic Countryside of sundrenched Landscapes filled with Vineyards and Olive Groves Tuscany has always been one of Italy's most famous wine regions Tuscany offers up wines with a stellar reputation the world over the territory of Kean which stretches through Tuscany gave its name to the most famous Italian wine keti though it was long considered to be a simple table wine for the past 30 years Kean has been the object of intense projects to optimize quality and restore the image of the entire region in their lovely castles the Barons and mares airs to centuries of wine- making history have strived to bring Prestige to their wines the imposing broo Castle which overlooks a 5,000 acre Vineyard Bears witness to great and Rich Decades of Italian History at the head of this wine estate Baron Franchesco r CI belongs to the Tuscan aristocracy his family has been living in the Sumptuous castle for over a thousand years this family tree demonstrates the power of all the generations of ricasoli which was a feudal family the ricasoli have always been powerful land owners before even bearing the noble title of Baron we were Lords so when someone says to me you are the 32nd Baron of broo actually it represents only a tiny part of our history Tuscan wine culture has always been driven by the nobility who are important ambassadors of their region Baron rosol's family has given Italy many great historical figures but they've left a particularly illustrious Mark as wine makers let's go into the library it's a secret and magical place where many books are kept as well as family documents from the period of Beno ricasoli who was prime minister in a United Italy but what I'm going to show you is really special bettino ricasoli also played a big role in the history of wine in Italy come now let's see no it's here no no here it is yes this is it these are not the original documents but a copy which dates from 1872 that year bettino wrote to a certain Professor stud of Pisa the letter contained the formula of Kean which made Baron deoo famous as well as the kianti Classico of today the one we continue to produce he writes these are the results of my first experiences sanio is the main grape variety of our wine giving it its fragrance and a certain Vigor canolo allows us to moderate its acidity and malvasia makes it lighter for more daily consumption Baron rasoli was brilliant more modern than his contemporaries and this recipe is still relevant to because kianti Classico must be produced with sanio at least 80% then 20% are left to the producer to choose either canolo or another variety of red grape we are talking about a man who marked the history of wine 150 years ago it's amazing more than a century later just like his ancestors Baron ricasoli has become an innovator it was in the 1990s the Tuscan wine Growers decided to rehabilitate Kean which was considered to be an ordinary wine to do this Baron ricasoli focused on the quality of kianti's main grape variety Sano which means the blood of Jupiter together with his analist melano he launched the ritas project a careful selection of his soils which will influence the quality of this red grape variety it's a rather particular sanio write down which row it's in so we can remember there like that yes okay and bring this one to the laboratory show yes I'll show him look at this greate Bunch it's not dense at all it's magnificent this year we will have a very highquality Harvest that's for sure it took years of work to set up the ritas project it was mainly headed by Masano but together we studied all the soils found here at the broo castle and we're lucky because we have an incredibly Rich variety of soils we analyzed all of the soils on our plots for 3 years and we identified 19 different types this soil is very typical of our territory it's a very hard rock it's also the only Stone used for construction the houses around here are all built with this Stone there's a lot of limestone it's an ideal soil for sanio by planting on different soils we wanted to go a little further in our understanding and and the Precision of the various possible expressions of this grape variety by identifying the characteristics of each of his soils The Baron's research resulted in a final selection of three plots which brought increased Elegance to the sanio three distinct high-end wines with well established characteristics came out of this selection it's as if in our DNA there was this desire and this will to to seek out to engage and to discover what will become the tradition of tomorrow because Traditions are alive they don't stay frozen they must be dynamic it seems that wine production has always been the privilege of the nobility and the Elites in Tuscan already among the atrans a civilization native to the north of Italy 2500 years ago wine was the drink of Kings intended for the elite social class during Antiquity Vines grew in abundance on the Tuscan hillsides wine Growers practiced intensive growing the atrans were expert connoisseurs one of the most representative archaeological sites of the civilization is located near the city of Sienna in these catacombs numerous aai and precious phases linked to Wine consumption were discovered they are now exhibited in Italy's major museums the organization of these burial sites testifies to the importance of wine for the atrans this is the focus of the studies carried out by the archaeologist andrologist Alberto agresti we're in an at truscan tomb in cast Ina in the heart of Tuscan Kean this Monumental tomb has four burial Chambers arranged around a large tumulus Mound this is the symbol of the aristocracy the Nobles who controlled these territories and they built this tomb with several Chambers for their Eternal rest after death this burial mound dates back to the 6th Century BC it was discovered in 1902 initially four rooms were oriented according to the four points of the compass each was preceded by a vestibule in which aery filled with wine were stored consumed to the point of intoxication for the atrans this drink was a precious Elixir that prepared the passage to the afterlife during Antiquity on Tuscan territory atrin tombs dug into natural rock were used as WI sellers long after the at truscan period this tradition is still very present in the countryside one can find underground at truscan vestages which were formerly tombs and that are used today as Wine sellers 3,000 years after its disappearance the at truscan Legacy is still very present in Tuscany many small towns still hold traces of this history for Alberto agresti the basements of the historic Center of Sienna are a unique field of study for part of his research he asks help from property owners who own ancient vestages and continue to make practical use of them Alberto agresti has an appointment with merco Vini the owner of the oia doo a restaurant that has exception and historical Wine sellers hello Miro hello Alberto I'm glad to see you and above all very happy to be able to visit your sellers with pleasure I'm delighted to show you around do you have time for a coffee no let's go immediately I'm too impatient okay let's go here come in at least you can see a little no doubt about it this part is Medieval this part yes but it continues you'll see where it leads us the route through the cellar is very interesting everything was dug in stone you see everything was dug in the stone here you see how beautiful it is it's the ideal conditions for my wine and there are these Arches from the 16th or the 15th century the Middle Ages is not the oldest part no you'll see the rest you'll understand better because below is the at truskin part come I'll take you to see this Wonder come with me these are definitely a truskin catacombs come look you'll see the more Alberto descends into the Labyrinth the further back in time he goes the architecture of the vaults is indeed the signature of ancient vestages come over here look it's huge unbelievable how deep down are we we're 50 feet underground we can see the form of the atrin tombs perfectly their shape with a sloping roof roof and a central beam those are typical of the atrans and I can tell you that it's perfect for storing wine it's wonderful it's actually a treasure chamber that's right a treasure in the deepest part of the cellar you have a real archaeological treasure there are several interesting things especially in this part which I call my hall of Pleasures here you find the best Italian wines from the 1980s and including fabulous bottles of Kean look at all the old bottles of Kean they're magnificent look with the black rooster the black rooster of Kean do you know the story what story The Legend of the black rooster the one you can see in all the Streets On signs in the villages on the bottles of course a quick story The florentines and the cenes were at War for the possession of the territory of all the regions of keti after War upon war after many years they decided to find a solution to stop Waging War they decided to send two Riders one from Sienna and the other from Florence and where they should meet would be the limit on the one side of florentine territory and on the other side of Sienna they decided something a little odd the Riders would leave with the crowing of the rooster so the important choice was not so much the rider but to know when the rooster was going to Crow this is why they took two roosters the cenes took a beautiful white rooster very Cen the florentines as always a little sneaky kept their black rooster locked up without anything to eat and the poor rooster as soon as they released him started to Crow like a demon this is why the Florentine Rider left well before the Cen Rider and this is how you stole all the territories and got all the way here to Sienna you see that's the legend of the black rooster the symbol of florentine power Kean producers first stamped their bottles with this black rooster in 1976 it became an emblem of prestige and quality that is essential in the Tuscan cultural landscape long before embodying Kean the rooster was immortalized for the first time in Tuscany in one of Florence's most beautiful palaces in the center of Georgio vasari's paintings in The Palazo Veo painted in 1570 the unusual hero finds his place just beside Jupiter Valentina Zuki is a historian specializing in Florentine art for several years she has studied the fusional relationship between art and wine wine and wine growing are part of the history of Tuscany and its art Leonardo da Vinci worked near the city of Vinci near The Vineyards the medich family were great consumers of wine bakas is a reoccurring allegory of many Renaissance statues and Kimo the Elder dichi owner of this ducal Palace in the middle of the 16th century encouraged wine production and consumption in the palace all the great families of the Florentine Renaissance drank wine at their table local wines and they promoted in their own way the art of bakus an art which sees this great god of wine Illustrated not only in paintings and sculptures but which also inspires the creation of many major works of art so absolutely we can say that wine and art are part of our history in Tuscany from the Italian Renaissance to the present day wine is still important in the great Tuscan families the nobility never stopped producing wines which are the symbols of an entire region if these wine makers have been able to adapt their production methods to perfect their Kean there is another wine from the region which needed no change in quality Vin Santo is one of the oldest and most mystical Wines in Tuscany it's used during religious Services its origin an unchanged recipe dates from the Middle Ages and its vinification is an art form for this wine with Echoes of Eternity the baron ricasoli ensures that this age old knowhow is never upset or modified how many more can we fill about 50 really yes yes we've started to fill them up we started with the 2010 you've already put seiling wax on some yes yes made from a single white grapefuit variety malvia Vin Santo is the reflection of a Tuscan tradition over 1,000 years old making a vins Santo is a very special process when we dry the Bunches of grapes they lose much of their weight through evaporation because the water they contain evaporates and this scrape becomes almost dry after the first pressing we get a very sweet must which is put in these barrels knowing that in these barrels there is already a base which is called the mother the mother is the rest of yeasts that belong to a previous vinsanto so it's a living part this is the reason why we always keep the old barrels and we never refurbish them and that is why the older they are the better the wine is and sellers voluntarily left open to the Four Winds the Vin Santo improves slowly thanks to large thermal variations it rests for 5 to 8 years in barrels sealed with wax before Aging for many years in the cellers all right Masano I thought that after all these years we could enjoy something special so I thought of opening a very great wine I have to find it wow 70 years old 1949 only for us the others we don't care about with pleasure do you have the cork screw yes I have it here we go may I have the honor the honor is for me hopefully the cork will hold because it was bottled in um the Harvest was in 1949 so it would have been bottled in 55 56 yes it takes 7 to eight years before being bottled I always take a risk with these corks okay well done at the time the corks were not very reliable let's look at the clarity there is a little bit of leaves that's normal look at the color magnificent here you are thank you Francesco spectacular ah spectacular nectar a Divine nectar incredible that after all these years you shouldn't tell anyone no one to the Future to the Future these are our Roots this is a totally atypical wine it's so particular you can't find it in any other part of the world and here as you said there is no modern technology used on the one hand we let nature do its work and on the other hand there's experience our tradition that is to say the way this product is elaborated this knowledge is transmitted from generation to generation to your health Masano to your health test Sky which for decades was dubbed the Sleeping Beauty is reborn under the impetus of its wine aristocracy it is also thanks to the high Ambitions of domain owners who maintain and improve the quality of their keanes that tuskan production is increasingly attracting professionals and wine lovers the world over and it is Baron ricasoli himself who plays the role of ambassador of his greatest vintages it's very important to go to these tastings because we have to make the new Kean Classico known to the world its beauty its taste the quality of our wines there is a return to tradition to the great Appalachians the kti Classico is gaining ground in incredible ways the fact is that today among the most important sanio in Tuscany which everyone is turning to the critics the wine lovers and experts everyone looks above all at the kianti Classico to find the sanio which delivers character and quality but above all a lot of Elegance in one of the Palaces of downtown Florence Baron rosoli comes to face the Judgment of a group of wealthy Americans it's an essential study and seduction to spread the influence of his wines since I'm in uh in bro at the head of uh the estate I'm pushing to make you know getting always getting ahead uh always trying to the Perfection you know testing experimenting uh being uh more sustainable uh lots of things and uh well I have to fill your glasses because they are empty you see see I think so yeah in this region with Echoes of Eternity wine is part of Italian History the nobility anchored in this territory and its Traditions are able to reflect on their knowhow to improve the quality of their wines Kean is the most widely distributed Italian wine in the world its influence testifies to the capacity of this region to reinvent itself to remain true to its Heritage and prosper for decades to come n

  Top Comments:
  1. @JacuTurcoAgachado [2 likes]: Ahh, que maravilha! Adoro o canal, obrigada pelo vídeo 💖
  2. @gianlucavisca3419 [1 likes]: I have always admired the figure of Barone Bettino Ricasoli as a one of our most important Poltician ( he was a true Europena Liberal)  of our recent history  the so called Risorgimento but also a deep "Connaisseur" of grape cultivation...He was the Founder of the modern Chianti Classico which is still based nowadays on Sangiovese Grape.
The Ricasoli family is the "History" of Tuscany and Chianti and their devotion to this land witnesses the importance of the wine civilization in this part of the world: Tuscany.
TOSCANA FELIX1
👍👍👍
  3. @piotrwojdelko1150 [1 likes]: Why when I'm going to supermarket I'm not able to buy good wine most of them medium

- Siena and Tuscany's Wine Country: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Rick Steves, back with more of the best of Europe. This time, we're in Italy for the wildest horse race in the world, and we're not alone. It's Siena, the Palio, and a whole lot more. Thanks for joining us. ♪♪ Tuscany seems to be every Italy connoisseur's favorite region, and for good reason. Here in the heart of Italy, the rustic soul and historic charm collaborate, seducing travelers into tossing their itineraries and settling in. We'll enjoy an "aperitivo" on a great square, marvel at exquisite art, eat cheese in an Etruscan cellar, settle into a farmhouse B&B, learn to make "pici" pasta, taste one of the world's finest wines, prepare for a festival, and go to the races. Italy packs 55 million people into an area about the size of Arizona. Between Florence and Rome is the region of Tuscany. We start in Siena, explore the Chianti region, and then visit wineries near Montepulciano and Montalcino. Back in the 1300s, Siena was a major banking, trading, and military power. It was in a league with Venice, Florence, and Genoa. It had a population of about 50,000 people -- that was one of the biggest cities in Europe -- about as big as Paris. But after being weakened by a devastating plague and conquered by its bitter rival, Florence, it's been a backwater ever since. Siena's loss became our sightseeing gain, as its political and economic stagnation preserved its purely Gothic identity. Its population hasn't changed for centuries. It's still around 50,000. Siena's great central piazza is Il Campo. Like a people-friendly stage set, it's the heart of Siena, both geographically and metaphorically. The historic junction of Siena's various neighborhoods, or "contrade," it fans out from City Hall as if to create an amphitheater. The square and its buildings are the color of the soil here -- a color known to artists and Crayola users as "burnt Sienna." Sprawling before the City Hall backdrop, the gently tilted piazza offers the perfect invitation to loiter. This is a major university town, and a mix of students, locals, and tourists lounge comfortably, as if it's their community living room. The great sights of Siena date from long before the country of Italy existed. And these sights have a consistent theme -- The Republic of Siena is independent and perfectly capable of ruling itself. The Mangia Tower, built nearly 700 years ago, remains one of Italy's tallest secular towers. Medieval Siena was a self-assured republic, and this tower stands like an exclamation point -- an architectural declaration of independence from both the pope and the emperor. 300 winding steps take you high above the town. Your reward -- a bird's-eye view down at the uniquely shaped square and a commanding view of the Tuscan countryside. Beneath the tower, the City Hall is open to visitors. Its historic rooms were, for centuries, the home of Siena's government. In the "room of peace" the republic's council met under instructive 14th-century propaganda showing the effects of good and bad government, with a message that seems remarkably applicable today. Bad government -- a dictatorship counseled by greed and tyranny -- results in a place you wouldn't want to call home, with run-down buildings and violence in the streets. But good government -- with wise and virtuous leadership -- results in a utopian republic where the shopping's brisk, construction's booming, students are attentive, and women dance freely in the streets. The message: A community ruled by a just government enjoys peace, prosperity, and is a great place to raise your kids. For a portrayal of that "good government" in action, drop by the historic hospital of Santa Maria Della Scala. A series of idealized frescoes shows medieval Siena's innovative health care and progressive social welfare system at work. The city, rather than the Church, ran this hospital, illustrating how far secular society had come in Siena by the 1400s. It took in and raised orphans -- from wet nurse through schooling -- to a civil wedding. And this wedding is not arranged; it's based on love. Sienese society cared for its poor. Bread was given to the needy. Note the loaves are cleverly stamped -- to prevent resale. The hospital was run by secular doctors and nurses. In a slap to Church authorities, this well-fed monk looks bored as he seems to ignore a dying patient's confession. Siena is a stony wonderland where people, rather than cars, fill the streets. It's that time in the early evening when friends gather and stroll. Like in any Italian city, the people of Siena are out and making the scene. This ritual is called the "passeggiata." It's like cruising without cars. In fact, throughout the Mediterranean region, early evening is the time to be out and about. The "passeggiata" is ideal for getting together with friends, and I'm joined by my friend and fellow tour guide, Roberto Bechi. With Roberto, my "passeggiata" includes a little history. Rick: I just feel there's so much history all around. Roberto: Yes, especially on this road here. Rick: What happened on this road? Roberto: This road, in the Middle Ages, was called "Via Francigena." Rick: "The way of the French." Roberto: Yes. It's where all the pilgrims who were passing through, from France to Rome. Rick: This is the pilgrims' route! Rick: For centuries! Rick: And people are walking, to this very day. Roberto: Yeah, but they do "passeggiata." Rick: "Passeggiata" today. Roberto: Oh, I love All the Italians love the "passeggiata." Rick: Everybody's out. Every generation. Roberto: Every generation going up and down on the main road, shopping, looking at the last fashion... Rick: What are the fashions, who's got a new baby... Roberto: Absolutely. [ Both laugh ] Italy is a culture of piazzas. Ever since Roman times, the piazza has been the heartbeat of the community. And in Siena, Il Campo is perfect for a nice "aperitivo." We've grabbed a front-row table to enjoy a "spritz." That's a favorite drink: mixing Aperol, white wine, and fizzy water. Rick: I love the "aperitivo." "Aperitivo" is Italian for "happy hour," basically. Get a cocktail -- and, you know, it's not a cheap cocktail -- but it comes with lots of nice munchies and the best view in town. Roberto: Yes, in the main square of Siena. Rick: I love it. Siena's 13th-century Gothic cathedral, with its striped tower, is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and covered with art. The richly ornamented facade bristles with ornamentation: Its striking mosaics framed by patriarchs and prophets, saints, and gargoyles. Grand as Siena's cathedral is, it's actually the unfinished rump of a failed vision. After nearby Florence began building its huge cathedral, proud Siena, not to be outdone by its rival, planned to build an even bigger church... in fact the biggest church in all of Christendom. But Siena was so hilly there wasn't enough flat ground to support such an enormous church. What to do? Build the oversized church anyway, and prop up the overhanging edge by building the Baptistery underneath. The cathedral we see today was intended only to be a transept, or wing, off the envisioned nave, or main part of the church. These towering marble arches hint at the immensity of the vision. But the arches were as far as Siena got before construction problems and a devastating plague scuttled the project. I'm standing atop what would have been the front of that church. Had it been completed, this square would have been not a parking lot, but the nave itself. It's fun to imagine that if Siena's grandiose plans had succeeded, I'd be looking straight down the nave of that massive church toward the altar. The resulting church is still impressive. It's richly decorated from top to bottom. Peering down from above are 172 heads. They represent the popes who reigned from the time of St. Peter to the 12th century. The exquisite marble floor is paved with Bible scenes, intricate patterns, and allegories. This one represents Siena as a she-wolf at the center of the Italian universe, orbited by such lesser lights as Rome, Florence, and Pisa. The greatest artists of the day helped decorate Siena's cathedral. In this side chapel, St. John the Baptist, carved by Donatello, wears his iconic rags. And high above, playful cherubs dangle their feet. This memorial to the Sienese pope Pius II features a statue of St. Paul carved by Michelangelo himself. And in another chapel, you'll see why Lorenzo Bernini is considered the greatest Baroque sculptor. His St. Catherine is in spiritual ecstasy. And St. Jerome caresses the crucifix like a violinist lost in heavenly music. A highlight is the church's Piccolomini Library. Brilliantly frescoed, it captures the exuberance and optimistic spirit of the 1400s, an age of humanism when the Renaissance was born. The frescoes look nearly as vivid now as the day they were finished, over 500 years ago. They celebrate the life of one of Siena's hometown boys -- who became Pope Pius II. Each of the scenes is framed with an arch, as if opening a window into the real world. The back streets of Siena have changed little since the days of the Renaissance. Make a point to get away from the crowds and enjoy a quiet moment with the timeless magic of Siena. All over town, shops tempt you with edible Sienese specialties -- gourmet pasta, vintage Chianti, wild boar prosciutto. Rick: Looks very good! "Tutti Toscana?" Butcher: "Qui prodotti di Siena." Rick: Siena?! ...and a delicious Sienese salami. Rick: This is salami? Butcher: "Assaggio Della casa. Si chiamo finocchiona, un salami fatto..." Rick: Mmm! "Complimenti." Siena's claim to caloric fame is "panforte," a chewy local delicacy that tempts even fruitcake haters. Siena offers a delicious range of opportunities to enjoy the hearty Tuscan cuisine. Characteristic "tavernas" serve local dishes in a grotto-chic atmosphere -- this one under a fine old medieval vault. I love bruschetta, and my favorite is without toppings, just the olive oil and garlic. Rick: I like it as simple, because you can taste the oil. Roberto: The olive oil. You can use your hands here. Rick: You can use your hands? Rick: That's nice. Roberto: Like this. I've ordered my pasta "bis." That gives me half portions of two different pastas for the cost of one, doubling my taste treat. Rick: Mmm. That's light and nice with the truffle. I like that. Roberto: Yes, absolutely. It's a good match. Rick: Wow. Tell me the story. And we cap our meal by descending into their ancient Etruscan wine cellar. Dating from 300 B.C. and roughly hewn by hand, this former tomb now houses the taverna's fine wine and cheese. Year 'round, it's the perfect temperature for wine and the perfect humidity for cheese. And, as a travel writer, I feel it's my solemn duty to confirm this. Rick: It's nice. Matteo: It's perfect. Rick: I bet the Etruscans liked this. Matteo: Definitely! [ Laughter ] Across Europe, festival traditions go back centuries, and are filled with time-honored pageantry and ritual. Entire communities hurl themselves with abandon into the craziness. There's no better example than here in Italy: Siena's Palio. Twice a year, that spirit shows itself in a five-century-old city-wide competition that culminates in a crazy horse race. Siena is divided into 17 neighborhoods, or "contrade." With their mascots and flags, these have long been competitive and filled with rivalry. [ Crowd singing in Italian ] Each July and each August, the entire city readies itself for the big race. Its centerpiece, Il Campo, is transformed into a medieval racetrack as tons of clay are packed atop the cobbles, and bleachers are set up. Before the race, competing neighborhoods gather for communal dinners that last well into the night. There are rousing choruses with everybody cheering their "contrada." For days, processions break out across the city. With waving flags and pounding drums, it all harkens back to the Middle Ages, when these rituals boosted morale before battle. [ Applause ] A highlight of the parade is the actual banner, or "palio." This "palio," featuring the Virgin Mary, (to whom the race is dedicated), will be awarded to the victorious "contrada." Finally, with what seems like the entire city packed into Il Campo, it's race time. Bleachers and balcony seats are expensive, but it's free to join the masses in the middle. The snorting horses and their nervous riders line up, jockeying for the best spot. Silence takes over. Once the rope drops, there's one basic rule: There are no rules. [ Indistinct cheering ] They race bareback like crazy while spectators go wild. Life stops for these frantic three laps... just 90 seconds. [ Cheering continues ] When the winner crosses the line, the winning "contrada" goes berserk. Tears of joy flow, people embrace. The winners thunder through the streets and eventually into the cathedral, filled with jubilation. Then the winners raise their coveted "palio" high: Champions...until the next race. While the Palio takes Siena by storm just two days a year, the charms of the Tuscan countryside can be enjoyed all year long. The fortified farmhouses and castles of the Chianti region are reminiscent of medieval days, when this was part of the battlefield where Florence and Siena fought. Today the stony walls are peaceful, growing ever more graceful with age. Chianti, with its rugged hills and farmland, charms visitors with a slower, more rustic lifestyle. This farmer prunes his olive trees, employing a lifetime of experience to maximize the fall harvest. In his vineyard, as they do each spring, tender shoots are bursting out of their gnarly vines filled with promise. South of Chianti is a region called the Crete, where the hills are more gentle. This quintessential Tuscan landscape features clay hills -- the topsoil washed away by ages of rain and wind -- and iconic lanes of cypress trees, planted to slow that erosion. The dramatic beauty of the countryside changes with the season, and with the time of day. In the springtime the rolling fields are splashed with colorful flowers. The Tuscan terrain is dotted by rustic yet noble farmhouses. All over Europe, farms are renting rooms to travelers -- now harvesting their rural charm as well as their produce to help make ends meet. Here in Italy, farmhouse B&Bs are called "agriturismos.: Our "agriturismo," perched on a bluff overlooking pristine farmland, is perfect for those who want to settle in and fully experience Tuscany. After enjoying a great day out, the guests gather for a convivial happy hour. Under the oak tree... enjoying the view... sharing today's experiences, and dreaming about tomorrow's -- the relaxing vibe is a vacation dream come true. It's a family business as Isabella keeps the hospitality flowing, while husband Carlo mans the barbecue. As evening falls, we gather for a cultural experience. Tonight, we're learning to make the local favorite -- a pasta called "pici." Isabella is a patient and engaging teacher. It's a hands-on experience, and it's great to have a coach. Isabella: We'll recognize that. Rick: The kids take part as well, as everybody's learning and having fun. Then, as if a reward for all the kneading and rolling, we sit down together and enjoy the fruits of our labor. This is good travel -- a crossroads of American and Italian cultures, eating and drinking together, while creating memories of a lifetime. With our Tuscan farmhouse as a base, there are plenty of things to experience within a short and scenic drive. This is wine country, home of the famous and much-loved Brunello Di Montalcino. And vineyards welcome guests who call ahead. We've got appointments with two wineries, a large corporate winery first, and then a smaller family-run farm. The Altesino winery is elegant and stately. It looks out over an expanse of vineyards with the hill town of Montalcino on the horizon. Guides take visitors on an informative stroll through the entire wine-making process. Rick: So, how old do the vines get? Guide: A Sangiovese vine naturally arrives at 50, 60 years old, but there are wineries that still have the vine from a century ago. Here, it's clear modern technology complements tradition, and after centuries of trial and error, wines are better today than ever before. Each year, 70,000 bottles of this producer's prized Brunello work their way through this exacting process. It's a labor-intensive industry, but right now, the grapes are doing all the work as they age in their oak casks. And each tour ends up in the tasting room, to help visitors appreciate why Brunello is so highly regarded. Nearby, the much smaller winery of Santa Giulia offers a more intimate visit. Taking visitors into his vineyard, Gianluca enjoys sharing the fine points of producing his Brunello wine. Gianluca: The grapes that we use for Brunello is called Sangiovese. Sangiovese "grosso." By law, by the DOCG, Brunello Di Montalcino must be 100% Sangiovese. This is the most important difference between Brunello and other imported red wine from Tuscany. This soil is a mix of clay and sand. The characteristic of the clay is that it keeps the water, the humidity, underground. If you give water, you stimulate the root to go up to find the water. If you don't give water, you stimulate the root to go down, to go deep, to find the water. And they find minerals, too, underground. So the taste of the grapes and the taste of the wine then is different. Producing such a fine wine requires a huge investment and lots of expertise. Surrounded by stainless-steel vats that produce 10,000 bottles a year, father and son monitor the process, carefully tasting and discussing the potential of this year's vintage. [ Conversing in Italian ] The aging process carries on in oak barrels. There's more tasting as the wine continues its long journey to the bottle. Seeing father, son, and grandson together amid these towering casks is a reminder that this is a rural art form passed from generation to generation. To cap our visit, Gianluca's mother is orchestrating the final touches of a delightful lunch, which of course includes homemade pasta. It's a local feast with everything farm-made here in Tuscany. The enticing array of Pecorino cheeses, prosciutto, and salami are all an ideal complement to what this family believes is the best wine in Italy. As they share their Brunello, it's clear the family appreciates the happiness their work brings to wine lovers not only here but all over the world. If anything characterizes the Tuscan lifestyle, it's a knack for taking time to savor simple quality... Rick: Here's to good wine and good family. ...whether it's wine, food, art, or friendships. I hope you've enjoyed our taste of Tuscany, from rich and exuberant Siena to the rustic and equally rich countryside. I'm Rick Steves. Until next time, "la vita è bella" -- that's "life is beautiful." And keep on travelin'! "Ciao." Oh, baby. [ Laughs ] It's a great way to decompress after a busy day of sightseeing. No, okay, I'll do it, okay. In fact, the biggest in Christendom. All Christendom. -When I die, lay me in Tuscany. -With a glass of

  Top Comments:
  1. @irishka_zolotse [10 likes]: Isn't that interesting that a horse with NO jokey came in third? I love love Rick's video tours, we watch them as a family and dream big of our own adventures! Keep on traveling, Rick!!!!!
  2. @rvsapam [2 likes]: One of my favourite episode from Rick Steve's..! 👍
  3. @kidhfajuhi [2 likes]: Sienna is the first place in Europe I visited when I was a teenager. It holds a very special place in my heart.
We were there about a week before the Palio so we got to see the neighborhoods doing parades in the evenings. Not one big parade, but small groups going around in their costumes, playing music at night. The sand was being packed on the racetrack, the barriers and bleachers were setup. It was fun to see the town starting to bubble with excitement about the race.
  4. @Ms.LatinSoulChild1982 [1 likes]: I studied abroad for 3 months in siena in 2003 and i had a great time exploring all of italy!  ❤❤❤❤
  5. @travelwiththehales [1 likes]: Wonderful video, full of such great information !
  6. @booishoois309 [1 likes]: I love how Rick always goes to the churches!
  7. @nebot777 [1 likes]: Siena is very charm city, I’ve been there once and one day only, and remember that it’s square which stunned me, such beautiful it is.
  8. @svenerikgolden7069 [1 likes]: Dyslexics enjoy the down to earth broadcasts of Steve Ricks just the same.
  9. @JonnievonHeldreich: That was delightful I know Siena well I remember DJing in a bar on the far side of the Piazza some 15 years ago… great vibes and lovely people. 😊
  10. @shahbazpahlabod: Excellent program. Great job on every level.😊
  11. @lingdatang669: ZK
  12. @donaldbreckenridge7010: Excellent
  13. @PoBoMo2023: It hasn’t changed one bit!  2025
  14. @ngmilanog2282: Can you please let us know the name of that amazing restaurant in Siena?
  15. @Dao0253: You already have so little space to move around and you keep buying more!🍁🇨🇦
  16. @canvasdeb: I think this is our mountain and this would make a fab painting!
  17. @imti-juicybae: 😮
  18. @monohoh: I really liked the transition between 09.30 when the bird is passing by and in 09.31 another bird is passing by too! I now that it was not intentional or anything but it was funny to see it
  19. @lindacoiro9149: What is the name of that taverna with the underground wine cellar that once was a tomb?
  20. @kimnoel9873: Palio.🥐🏇🏻🇮🇹

- Better Than Tuscany? Check Out Our Piedmont and Barolo Wine Adventure!: Kind: captions Language: en - Benvenuti in Piemonte. The rolling hills of Northwest Italy are what wine wanderers dreams are made of. Rows of vines blanketing the landscape, all linking quaint storybook towns and villages. Within those villages, hardworking family businesses, lining the streets to cook your food and keep your glass full. What are they filling those glasses with? There's a good chance it's Nebbiolo, the grape of the famous, age worthy, world-renowned wines, Barolo and Barbaresco. One of those families was gracious enough to welcome me into their home and share the stories that made them so well known across the globe. Welcome to Piedmont and welcome to V is for Vino. (upbeat music) Piedmont is located in far Northwest Italy, bordering France to the west, the Italian provinces of Lombardy and Emilia Romagna to the east, and Liguria to the south. Our journey starts here in Turin. The capital of the Piedmont region. Turin was actually the capital of the entire country until it was changed to Florence and eventually Rome, the capital of Italy that we know today. Turin has many claims to fame. Vermouth was invented here, Fiat, the Italian car manufacturer was founded here and has its headquarters here, and they hosted the 2006 Winter Olympics. You can even thank Turin for inventing chocolate bars. But most importantly, Turin's smack dab in the middle of Piedmont, and makes a great home base for exploring. The word Piedmont or "Piemonte" in Italian, come from the Italian words, "Piede" and "Monte", which translate to foot and hill. So you can see how it was aptly named. It sits at the foot of the Alps from west to north, and the Apennine Mountains border the south. Though the Apennines are closer to large hills than mountains. There's some push and pull from the warm seas of the Mediterranean and the cold air from the mountains, which results in the world-famous fog that Piedmont is known for. Most days start foggy, especially low in the valleys of the hills, but clear up by the afternoon. And why does this matter? Did someone say diurnal shifts? Yes. It allows the grapes to ripen during the day, but retain acidity in the cool evenings. And for my soil nerds out there, Piedmont soil varies from calcareous marl, clay, chalk, and limestone that varies from vineyard to vineyard. This variety of altitude and soil is why so many different styles of the same kind of grapes can be made here. All these hills and mountains make Piedmont one of the most stunning wine regions around, but when it comes to actually learning about Italian wines, it can be a bit overwhelming. Most of the grapes are native only to Italy and have names you've never heard of before. Just dozens after dozens of different varieties, you never knew existed. And sometimes the grape will have two different names based on where it's grown. So you'll see wine makers labeling the wines sometimes based on place, sometimes based on grape, and sometimes based on both. But if you can get your mind past all of this, you'll be rewarded with some of the most famous, unique, and incredible wines to ever grace this planet. And while they make dozens of indigenous grapes here, reds like Barbera, Dolcetto, whites like Moscato, Arneis, and Cortese, there is one grape that reigns above the rest. Nebbiolo. It accounts only for 8% of the grapevines planted here, but that small amount of Nebbiolo coming out of Piedmont, makes a big enough impact to be known worldwide. And that's exactly why we're here. There are 41 DOCs and 18 DOCGs in Piedmont, more DOCGs than any other Italian wine region. We're gonna explore a few in detail. The town of Asti has the DOCGs Barbera d'Asti, and Moscato d'Asti. Both of which you may have heard before. These names specify the grape and the place. It's Barbera, the grape, from Asti, the place. Same goes from Moscato d'Asti, Moscato from Asti. Alba is another heavy hitter, known for Barbera d'Alba, and Dolcetto d'Alba, same naming scheme. But as I mentioned, we're here mostly for Nebbiolo, and there are two very famous places where it's produced. The commune of Barolo and the commune of Barbaresco. These wines are famous enough to only have to list the place on the label. It won't say Nebbiolo d'Barolo. It'll just say Barolo, and it's on you to know that Barolo makes Nebbiolo. Both of these DOCGs are near the top of the hills, and have south-facing slopes, which are the most prized, as the south-facing slopes get more sunlight. Of all the wine produced in Piedmont, Barolo and Barbaresco make up just 3% of it. It doesn't sound like a lot, but these are the Italian wines that get winos hearts racing. The wines of Barolo and Barbaresco line the cellars of restaurants and collectors around the world, because one, they're revered for their ageability, and two, their impeccable sense of place. About an hour south of me, is the place where we'll be spending most of our time, right in between Barolo and Barbaresco in the town of Alba. It's home to a fifth generation-owned family winery, where every wine has a story. This winery helped usher in the modern era of Piedmont wines. And I'm absolutely honored to spend a little time with them. (classic Italian music) You know, when you think of him. Oh. Uh-oh. (speaking in Italian) No, what's funny about Barolo, is that any of these towns, sometimes Barolo has a very, very grand reputation, and then you come to the town, and the town is just this quaint, very small, you walk the whole thing in five minute town. But it's the inspiration for the region. And it's the reason it's named what it is. They are these old cities that were constructed before there was really any planning. These little houses all tucked in together. And I love that you're on top of your neighbor's patio. Like you can look down or next to your neighbor when they're on their patio and say, "Hello." We drove the hour south from Turin to Alba, the city at the heart of the Piedmont wine region. But on the way to meet my guest, I got... Let's call it purposely distracted. You know what? The one with just the sauce on it, that's the one to me that looks incredible. Oh, yeah. As good as you would hope it to be. The texture on the dough, perfect blend of like chewy. It's one of those pizzas that you don't mind having a little cold. I think it's supposed to be served that way. Mm. Delicious. I love the brick. I just love everywhere, the brick buildings in almost every one of these old churches, just really, really nice. I like this sign coming up that says "Gelati" with three exclamation points. And then just in case it wasn't clear, ice cream with three exclamation points. I met with Federica Boffa, the head of the family-owned winery, Pio Cesare, who is kind enough to walk me through an intro of all things, Alba and Piedmont. So this is your home. - Yes. I was born in this town and I was grown up in the wine world. So since I was very young, my parents kept me inside of the winery inside of the cellar. - So since you could crawl, you were crawling in a winery. - Yes. (both chuckle) - And Alba is I think a really special town, you know? It's the largest town of the region, but it still feels like a very small Italian quaint town. - It is. Alba has always been fascinating and a very dynamic city. There's not only hills and vineyards, but Alba is surrounded also by a lot of towers coming from the medieval times. In general, the region is a very dynamic region full of diversity. Just like how it happens in Burgundy for example, the hills are developing into a series of multiple micro climate, terroir, soil. Diversity can be seen also in the gastronomical point of view. For example, we have a three-Michelin star restaurant in Alba. - There's a three star in Alba? And then there are a lot of like Trattoria or Osteria, so more casual kind of restaurants, but they serve excellent cuisine. And of course, Alba is renowned for being the capital of the white truffle. - Yep. - Which is why we are renowned all around the world. Nowadays, we have a lot of traces of the Roman period, for example, traces of, for example, road like this. It was a very old road with a temple. And at Pio Cesare, we are very lucky to have a part of this Roman wall inside of our cellar. Grazie. This is espresso, so very short espresso. Like the Italians drink. - Oh yeah, that is good. But it is, I mean, Italian espresso is very, very distinct. You know, you start big, right? American coffees, and you go smaller, French coffee, and you go really small and you're in Italy. So why did Pio Cesare land in Alba of all the places it could be? - So Pio Cesare actually is the name of the founder of the winery. And he was my great, great grandfather. In 1981, he decided to buy the house where we still today live and operate in the heart of the city center. Alba was really in the center of everything. So there was, for example, the train in the center of all the different transport and facilities. He had one of the very first passport issued by Italy. - Oh, really? - His passport was number 55. So he was really one of the pioneer of bringing Barolo and Barbaresco outside of the border of Italy. - And really being an advocate for this region on a global stage. - Yes. Being an advocate, especially with the city of Alba. Because since day one, Pio Cesare is the only producer allowed to use the crest of the city of Alba on the label. - Really? - Yes, we are the only producer, and we are very proud of having carried throughout 140 years and across five generation, the name of our family associated with the name of the city of Alba. - You are tied to this city as both a family and a brand. - You may imagine how difficult can be working in the old town center of a city. And also the winery is built on four different levels, one of each, even under the level of the river. So even if it's very tough, we could not imagine to move anywhere else. For example, on the hills. - Well a lot of wineries did do that, right? - It could be easier, but everything started in Alba. And thanks to Alba that today Pio Cesare is among one of the most respected wine producer in the world. - From downtown Alba, it's just a short walk away to Pio Cesare's production facilities and Federica's home, which was good because I was getting hungry, and I heard Federica's mother Nicoletta, was almost ready with lunch. (soft guitar music) Boffa family lives right on top of their four-story winery in downtown Alba. And it was the perfect day to have lunch on the patio. Thank you for having us in your home. - Ah, thank you. - I love "Aperitivo". It is probably my favorite part of European culture that we don't really do in America. - We have Vermouth. - The history of Vermouth is very old. - It was invented here, was it not? In this region? - Yes, in Turin. - Explain to me what Vermouth is. - It is a fortified wine, which is made with a mixture of herb. The main herb is wormwood together with different mixture of other herbs. It depends on the recipe. It's made with our Chardonnay, Piodilei, and our Moscato. - Thank you so much. - Thank you. - For welcoming us here in your home and your life and sharing all this with us. I'm very much looking forward to the week. - Cheers. - Oh, that is lovely. - Balsamic finish. - We say that while you're having Vermouth as an aperitive, you will open your stomach to be ready for either lunch or dinner. - Slightly bitter. So many herbs happening. Ginger, I get the lemon probably both from, you know, the Vermouth and the grapes itself, but also from the lemon peel. Little bit of sweetness. Not a ton, though, I think it's perfect. - Have one of the fake oyster. - Fake oysters. I like these, fake oysters. - The taste is very similar to oysters. - The butter, which kind of gives that creaminess like an oyster would have. With the anchovy, with the saltiness, it's, I love it. It's fake oyster. Now that my stomach was fully prepared for lunch, we sat down for our first course, which is a specialty of the region. - This is with what we call Italian "carne cruda". It's like beef tartare, but it is made with our own cow, cow of the region. - Yeah. - Which is a very particular kind of meat, which has simply olive oil, salt, and pepper. - And a little bit of lemon. - And we're pairing it with our Chardonnay Piodilei. - I don't think people initially think Chardonnay when they think Piedmont, but there's a good amount of Chardonnay produced here. - Yes. There are a lot of producer which are making Chardonnay, but Pio Cesare has been one of the first producer to start making Chardonnay in Piedmont in the Langhe region. In the eighties was a project and the big dream of my father, he decided to do something very strange and very crazy for that period, which was taking away three acres of Nebbiolo for Barbaresco, to plant Chardonnay instead. - So at a time where it would've been a crazy thing to take out the Nebbiolo grapes that go for a lot of money and plant something that's not really planted here, like Chardonnay, he took the risk. - Yes. They were looking for a white wine, which could have the same characteristic of Barolo and Barbaresco. So structure, power, but aging potential, especially. - Oh, yeah. Wow. That is reminiscent of some of my favorite styles of Chardonnay on the planet. There's like a smokiness that's really lovely. And we're getting our citrus. We're getting a little bit of oak. - So we do not employ anymore new oak, because we want you to concentrate on the balance on the elegance of the fruit. - I am loving the Chardonnay. We don't always have to stick with the old, "White with fish and red with meat" trope. Because the raw veal was so delicate and tender, a red wine could have easily overpowered it. So instead, we went with a full bodied white, which matched the weight and cleanliness of this lighter meat dish. And the acidity in the wine cut through the fat from the olive oil and matched the acid from the lemon. Our next course was a fresh pasta, which in Northern Italy is often egg-based. - These are the very typical pasta for our region called Tagliatelle. The sauce is the same veal we had before, but cooked with vegetables and fresh tomatoes. - The prince of our wines, the little prince, which is Langhe Nebbiolo. - The nice thing about the Langhe Nebbiolos, is they give you a good impression of the grape, kind of what the other wines eventually turn into. - We have a lot of care towards the Langhe Nebbiolo, 'cause we age this wine for almost two years in oak. We are employing the grapes, Nebbiolo grapes coming from the same premium position which we use for Barolo and Barbaresco. Then we also use the grape with the Nebbiolo grape coming from the district around Alba, which is called the Langhe district to have a more acidity, to have more freshness. - The nose makes me so happy. It is so distinctly one Nebbiolo, but two distinctly Italian. There is something about Italian wines that has this beautiful rustic quality that just is not comparable anywhere else in the world. Like the tart red, and look at the color. When you look at the color, you see how beautifully kind of- - Yes. That's the typical character and color of Nebbiolo. - Transparent. - It is not at all an intense kind of grape variety or a fruit bomb. - Beautiful acidity, great red fruits, crushed raspberries, cherries. I absolutely love it. - It's a real prince. - If Barolo is the king, and Barbaresco is the queen, Langhe Nebbiolo is indeed the prince. Langhe Nebbiolo is lighter and has less tannins than Barolo or Barbaresco. But what it does have is lots of freshness and acidity. This freshness balanced out the fatty egg-based pasta, matched the acidity of the tomatoes, and the lightweight of the wine didn't overwhelm the relatively lean veal sauce. I mean, is there anything better than an Italian mother's cooking? I just don't think so. (traditional Italian music) When I was in Greece, you would turn a corner and you're in ruins. And I like in Italy, you turn a corner and you're looking at a beautiful church somewhere or at other. Like this, look at how beautiful. The coffee in Italy is strong. It is what you call Ristretto. Very, very concentrated. Hey, Vino fans. I want to talk to you about signing up for Vino VIP. And since I don't wanna bother you with a ton of commercials while you're trying to watch this show, I'm gonna put all the cliche marketing angles into just this one. Here we go. (piano music) I know we come off as a big production, but the reality is the entire operation is myself and a few other part-time employees. We're not affiliated with a studio or TV channel. We really wanna keep the show going, but literally can't do it without your help. So please, if the show has entertained you, helped you learn or pass a wine exam. If I've answered your DMs and questions, or if the show's just brought you value in any way, support the small business that provided it, and join Vino VIP, which is our very own membership program. If you enjoy the show, joining Vino VIP is a must anyway. Membership starts at just $5 a month, and here's some of the benefits. Early access to all our videos, including new episodes of the show. Every quarter, I host a virtual tasting, and Q and A just for VIP members. Every month, we raffle off wine glasses and prizes, and once a year, we even have a big winner who gets a personalized tasting, where I send wine and food to your house and host a tasting for you and your friends. Plus, if you're a gold member or platinum member, you get your name in the credits of an episode, kind of like this. I never want to charge for individual episodes or worse yet, be unable to make the show at all. But that's why we need support from those of you who can. It's only $5 a month, which is less than a Starbucks coffee. So it's really in reach. Everybody assumes that their support won't make a difference, but I promise you, it does. Look at all this pretty members-only content you're missing out on. Behind the scenes videos, episode commentaries, and full-length interviews that can be seen nowhere else, but our members-only session. The first month is free. You literally have nothing to lose. I know this was long, but everything I just said is 100% true. We have tens of thousands of fans. And even if a small percentage of you joined, we could keep making videos for you in the long term. And the last perk is that you can start watching episodes in the members section, and you don't have to hear this pitch or see ads ever again. Thank you to our existing Vino VIP members, and thanks for considering joining. Before I get into Nebbiolo, I want to talk about Barbera. The reality is while Nebbiolo may be the star of the show, you're more likely to find Barbera on the table in most Piedmontese homes on your average weeknight. Barbera is the most widely planted grape in all of Piedmont. It's much easier to grow than Nebbiolo, and consequently, it's way more affordable. It's got a great juicy acidity, medium body, and doesn't overwhelm with tannin, which allows it to pair with a whole lot of food. And even though it's dark in color, which usually suggests dark fruit, Barbera likes to live in red fruit land, cherry strawberry and raspberry. Though, blackberry and sweet spices from oak are common as well. These wines are super affordable, fun, versatile pairing wines that make for a go-to weeknight staple. Now for the main event, Nebbiolo. With rare exception, Nebbiolo is only grown in Piedmont. It's a darling amongst sommeliers, because it's like Pinot Noir. It's super terroir expressive. Meaning it takes on the characteristics of the place it comes from. This means the same grapes grown just a few blocks away from each other, can end up being totally different. Nebbiolo is also similar to Pinot in the sense that it's super finicky and tough to grow. And only likes certain soil and weather. On top of that, it's a bit of a trickster. Nebbiolo's light in color, almost translucent. And its acid is super high. It's fruit character red. Think cranberry, raspberry, and cherry. It's incredibly perfumed, and the nose really jumps out of the glass. Again, kind of sounds like I was describing Pinot Noir, right? But here's where things differ from Pinot. You taste Nebbiolo, and it's like the pallet was turned up to 11. The tannin is huge and the alcohol high. Nebbiolo really sucks the moisture outta your mouth. And it's one of the only grapes on the planet with tart red fruits, but a rich, powerful, full body. Tar and roses is another classic tasting note for Nebbiolo, along with herbs, leather, wood smoke, and licorice. Because of its high tannin, Nebbiolo usually needs a lot of time and aging in the bottle to soften up. Purists will say, you shouldn't even touch them for at least 10 years, if not longer. But as you'll see in a second, it all depends where the wine comes from and how it's made. Okay, recap, there are two places most famous for Nebbiolo; Now they say Barolo is the king, and Barbaresco is the queen. Barbaresco is softer, less tannic, and ready to drink a bit earlier than Barolo. This is because Barbaresco has mostly limestone soils, which lead to less tannin in the grapes. There are also different aging requirements. Barolo must be aged for 38 months before release, and 62 months for Reserva or reserve wines. Barbaresco only ages for 24 months and 48 months respectively. After these aging requirements, most of the wines can then age an additional 10, 20, or even 30 years after their release. What this means is that you're not gonna see a young Barolo or a young Barbaresco on the market. And because of these aging requirements, both legal and preferential, these wines can get pricey, $60 and up. But there are some regions outside of Barolo and Barbaresco, like Langhe or Roero, that make more affordable Nebbiolos that are ready to drink sooner. Also, more modern producers are making their wines with less maceration, and thus less tannin, which means they too can be enjoyed earlier. At the end of the day, it's ultimately your choice as to when you pop your bottle. Young or old, discovering wines and their different tastes is why we drink wine in the first place. The cellars and production facilities of Pio Cesare, were one of the most beautiful I had ever toured. They're full of history and legacy, mixed with modern innovation. And you showed me up in the village, the Roman wall. And then what you can see here, is it is part of the winery. - So the Roman wall is really going inside our winery. And is dividing our winery in two main part. The part inside the Roman wall, it's a very ancient, which was bought by my great great grandfather. And the part outside the wall is what everything came after 1881. - This is a very, very rare thing, that you have a winery built in the heart of a city like this, on top of ancient ruins, and on levels like this, it is completely unique from anything I've ever seen. - So the main problem for us was the problem was space. We could not expand near us because we have neighbors. We cannot expand on top, because there is the house, where all the generation before me have lived. So the only way to expand was going down. And that's what happened many years ago, when we started to build the new part of the winery. The last level of this winery is even built under the level of the very famous river called Tanaro river. We had to build it twice, because the first time we built it, it exploded. Because of the pressure of the water. - Oh, no. - Everything is done here. So Pio Cesare is producing this wine and bottling the wine in this facility, in this winery. We do not have any other kind of winery in the Barolo or in the Barbaresco region. - Yeah, this is it. And you can see it. When you go through, you have barrels in one section, you have bottle aging in one section. - You have production in one section, all on these levels. (soft music) Federica's father, Pio Boffa, was the fourth generation to run his great grandfather's company. He was a tireless advocate for Barolo and Barbaresco. He was known for bringing his joy, passion and wines, wherever he would go. And go he did. He spent 200 days a year on the road, physically bringing his wines to restaurants and distributors around the world, which echoed his great grandfather's practices of personally delivering wines from town to town. Pio passed of COVID-19 on April 17th, 2021. He was 66 years old. - He was a very forward-looking man. And he was a unique and exceptional entrepreneur. First, together with the help of his father, of course, he turned Pio Cesare from a premium négociant to a well-respected winemaker growers and producer. And that was the most important contribution of his life. He teach me a lot in the sense that he teached me how important was the artisanal approach of Pio Cesare. And the importance of having a very limited kind of production. Family is involved in every step. So we have our feet, our hands, deep involved in the vineyards, in the wine making, in the commercial, in the marketing side. For example, we was traveling everywhere, because you wanted the people to associate the level of our wines with the face of our family. - I had the honor of meeting him in America. - In California. He brought wines physically to California. - To promote wines. I mean, there's not a lot of wine makers who will do that. - Yeah. He was full of humility. And he was always saying to us, "Don't show off, but let our people discover you." When you're visiting the city of Alba, and you would like to visit Pio Cesare, there are no sign, which are guiding you to Pio Cesare. - We are in the heart of the city center, and part of the Alba people do not know that there is a winery in the heart of the center, but this is part of his understatement. He was a typical Piedmontese. - Yeah. I mean, if you build it, they will come. And if you let your reputation speak for you, people will find you and talk about you. I know he would be so proud of everything that you have done and are going to do to keep this winery and to keep his heart and his tradition alive. I was proud to get to know Federica, who at only 25 years old, is the first female head of the winery. Thrust into a position she thought she had more time to prepare for, she's continuing the tradition of those who came before her, traveling the world and forever linking her family to their wines. - I personally visit every single market, because I like to associate to the old traditional label of the Pio Cesare Barolo and Barbaresco also. The face and the physionomy of a person who is behind the label and behind the bottles. - I love how salad is just like a general word here for thing that is cold. She literally picked the mint from right over there in the garden. Look at this. Anchovy and lots of amazing, beautiful olive oil. I love when things they're just dripping olive oil. Which is just kind like the oyster she had the other day. Yes, you should try it. You should try it. Plini? Plin? - Plin. - So this is Plin, which is like little baby raviolis. They're called Plin, because they're pinched. And that means pinch. These may be some of the best we had the whole trip. We've all heard the phrase, "Ages like fine wine," but what does it actually mean? What's the point of waiting years to drink wine that I could just as easily open and drink right now? Well, patience is a virtue, and good things come to those who wait. But there's a bit of a misconception with aging wines. While people will tell you that wine gets better with age, the vast majority of wine, like 90% of it, is really meant to be drunk young. Around five years old or less. So don't be afraid to pop those bottles. The general rule, is that there are certain grapes known for their age worthiness and thus, better to lay down. The better the producer and the better the vintage, the longer wines made from those grapes can age. And Nebbiolo may be the number one age-worthy red. Good Nebbiolo has a drinking window of up to 30 plus years. Other notable age worthy grapes include Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Tempranillo, Chardonnay, Semillon, and Riesling. Two things change as we age wine; flavor and structure. Let's first talk flavor. Wine has three flavor types, primary, secondary, and tertiary. Primary flavors occur from fermentation. Lemon, rose, or strawberry. Secondary flavors are things the winemaker does, vanilla flavors from oak, butter flavors from lactic fermentation, or biscuit flavors from allowing the wine to age on the dead yeast cells. But tertiary flavors, those are the ones that come strictly from aging. It's a transformation of our primary flavors. Instead of fresh lemon, you get candied lemon with age. Instead of fresh roses, dried roses. Instead of ripe strawberries, stewed strawberry. And these primary flavors as they transform, they also fade. The fruit will start to leave the wine, and it will start to taste more like earth. Minerals, mushrooms, leather tea, herbs, tar, nutty, honey, basically anything that isn't fruit making the wine much more savory. The second thing that changes with age is texture. In this case, we're talking tannins and acid. Red wine becomes lighter and smoother, and not as firm in austere. This is because the tannins and acid fade with time. White wines also lose their acid over time, and become richer, fuller, and sometimes oily. So after knowing all of this, you may ask, "Where it does wanna acquire a such glorious ageable nectar of the gods?" Well, finding aged wines out in the wild is actually pretty rare and fairly pricey. You basically have three options to try age wines. Number one, you buy the wines young and you age 'em yourself. A bit time consuming, but definitely a way to go if you're building a cellar. Number two, you buy wines that were aged before release. Regions like Barolo, Rioja, and vintage Champagne actually mandate a partial aging of their wines before they hit the market. Or sometimes specific producers make the decision themselves and they won't release their wines until they feel they're old enough and ready. Your third option, find them at a retailer or restaurant who ages them for you. This is the most common, but it's also the most expensive option. After all, the retailer had to sit on that inventory for years and someone's gotta pay for that. When it comes down to it, aged wines aren't necessarily better or worse, they're just different. Some people love aged wine, some people don't. Personally, I would encourage you to try some at some point in your wine drinking career. They're usually worth the experience. There's just something romantic about opening up a bottle of wine that was made the year you were born, and thinking about the journey it had up until then. Or the year you were married, or the year you had a child, or the year you took a special trip. Maybe I'll see you in a few years for this one, I'm gonna lay this bad boy down. Did you guys know that on our website, we've the places we've visited, listed on each episode's page? The wines we drank available for sale? And our VIP section with bonus videos? I just thought I'd let you know. Pio's legacy lives on most notably in the vineyards he cultivated. And let me tell you, they're beautiful, but man, are they steep. Okay. So we made it. I have never in my life been in vineyards this steep. - Well, you just need to climb up three or four times, and then you get used to it. - You get the calf muscles, I guess. This is incredible. And this isn't just here, it is all over this region. It's, I think the trademark is the hills. - We are in the heart of the Barolo region. - Okay. - In the village called Serralunga d'Alba. One of the most renowned and popular village in the Langhe region. And we are in the vineyard called Ornato, which is our own property since many years. So my grandfather and then my father in the course of 14 years, have decided to select premium location and premium soil and terroir in the same position where many years before, the founder was buying grapes from historical suppliers who were growing their lands, according to our strict quality control. - So it was a lot of the same places, but your grandfather and your father thought it was important for us to own these places, because we would have more control. - Since we have a very limited production, so we produce small quantity of wine every year, and we have no intention of growing, by having the property 100% of our own land, we can really have a total control on each side, on each aspect of our business. - These slopes, I think you said are south facing? - Yes, we are all south facing. Ornato is a very blessed area because it's a very large amphitheater of more or less six sectors. So it is exposed to the sun all day long, because it has a south, Southeast and Southwest facing. The soil in Serralunga is full of limestone, is full of clay, so it produces very masculine wine. - In the Barbaresco region, we have more sand than in the Barolo area. That's why in Barbaresco, we are producing wine more elegant, more refined. The point is that every kind of grape variety, we will plant, Nebbiolo, Barbera, but even Chardonnay or Sauvignon, or many different kind of grape variety, will grow with a particular kind of character. Which is structure, which is power, and aging potential and longevity. - And that is the hallmark of Nebbiolo as a whole. Is that aging potential. But you're saying you also look for that in your Barbera, you look for that in your Chardonnay. - Yes, indeed. - Did I earn my wine tasting yet? - Yes. Of course. Let's go. - After strolling the vineyards, I was more than ready to get a taste of Pio Cesare's lineup. So we head back to the winery where I met with Federica's cousin, Cesare, who lucky for me, had a few bottles he wanted to share. Cesare, you have a great name, part of the label, basically. So tell me about your role here at Pio Cesare. - Okay. It's quite complicated to say something about my role, because both Federica and myself, we are part of the family. So we have to do everything as the founder, Pio Cesare, in back to 1881 it used to make, so a little bit of wine, a little bit of administration, a little bit of traveling, but we want to have the style of Pio Cesare on every single things of our business. - And what we have here are the three titans of Piedmont. Barbera, Barbaresco and Barolo. And I am very, very excited to dive in. - I used to dive in since I was a kid. So we start with the Barbera. Barbera d'Alba. Barbera is the grape. - And Barbera d'Alba is the appellation name. Is the appellation that Pio Cesare started to make around 140 years ago. - And Barbera is kind of known as the weeknight wine for a casual dinner. Is that correct? - Bravo. Yes, you are totally right. Because Barbera has always been considered by the local people since the beginning, the everyday drinking red wine of our region. So it is very velvety, very fruity, with a very nice acidity. It is a wine that you could really enjoy every day, and with many different type of food. - On the nose, initially, bright fruit character, very bright. Woodsy character in it too. - Barbera by nature has a very high acidity. You have to balance this acidity with a little touch of oak, which has not to be too high. - Flowers, I get bright acidity. I get fun, fresh fruit. And because of that balance of that acid, but also a little bit more structure from maybe the wood, perfect weeknight wine. - Usually when I speak about Barolo and Barbaresco, I need three hours. So what can we do now? So we can start with the Barbaresco. Considered the queen of the Piedmontese wine. If the half, is the half, in terms of area in comparison to Barolo. Many producer of Barbaresco are aging two years in oak. But at Pio Cesare we have always aged Barbaresco, in the same way of Barolo. So around three years in oak. - Wow. Okay. - Because Nebbiolo, we are convinced that the Nebbiolo needs as much as possible contact with the oak. - Wow. - You see the color. - That's exactly what I was gonna say. Especially when you compare it side by side to the Barbera. I mean, the color is borderline transparent. It is more in that orange tint, it starts to fade a little bit. And that is a function of the oak, right? And also, especially the natural color of the grape of Nebbiolo. So getting in on the nose, I don't get a ton of fruit right away. And if anything, the fruit character is very complex. This feels like this has some developed fruit character. Maybe it's a little more dried. The body, the tannin structure is there. This is a young wine in terms of Nebbiolo, right? - In terms of Nebbiolo, yes, but it's a very complex wine, as you said. - Very complex. - Oh, okay. I love tannic, I love the dry character. I love the intensity and the elegance of this wine. - I think the famous thing we sometimes say with these wines are tar and roses. There is that rustic edge to this wine, which is lovely. - It's still a baby. - It's still a baby, like this, we could look up in 20 years with this wine. - Yes, absolutely minimum. - So we move now to king Barolo. - King Barolo, king Barolo. - This is a blend of some of your vineyards in the Barolo region. - Actually, all the three wines that we taste are a blend. - The family recipe for any kind of wine has always been concentrated on blending vineyards of the same grape, of that particular appelation. - Tell me about the label, 'cause the label has not changed for like a hundred years. So tell me about it. - 140 years before- - 140 years. - The top part, so the black one with the name Pio Cesare in white, we have the city of Alba crest. - And then there's those, the medals on top too. - They are no longer medals. They used to be metals until the sixties. Than a law came on, and didn't allow anybody to put awards on any label. We had to be a little bit Italian and transfer the medals to coins. - But the first impression is, is a medal. - And then on the bottom, there's a phrase. - Yes, "Please don't call it regular." - Now. Why? Why is that? - Because many people think that single vineyards are way superior than the classical version like Pio Cesare is doing. - Because it's not a single vineyard they'll say, "Oh, just gimme the regular Barolo." - And it's almost like a dismissal. And you're saying, "We put so much love into these wines." - We don't make any- - Nothing is regular. - Regular wine. Barolo, the first approach, this shows immediately a big structure, big muscles like a very important man. That's why it's called the king. The Barolo is aged exactly like the Barbaresco, around 32 to 33 month. Few month in the bottle, to make Barolo and Barbaresco you need a lot of patience. - This is the reason why I lost all my hairs. - This is flamboyant on the nose. I get flowers, I get candy cherry, I get wood smoke like pipe tobacco, strawberries. It's showing off, if you will. - And in the nose, the rose is one of the most important characteristic of Nebbiolo. - And then that brooding, like I said, that tar, which tar is a weird description for a wine for maybe some people to wrap their head around. But then when you have it in the wine, it's perfect. I would love to have it with food, 'cause it doesn't have a tannic structure. But, and I know this is a thing for Pio, you know, this is fine young. This is a gorgeous wine. - Yeah, this is gorgeous. We can lay it down if we want, but this is a really, really delicious wine right now. - Thanks so much. I was surprised just how expansive it is. Every square inch was covered with vines. These hilltop towns one after another, after another, you know one of these could be a visit on its own. And you've got a dozen of them within a half hour of each other. And you're looking from one to the next to the next. There is this conversation and dialogue about what is Piedmont and what is Nebbiolo, and what is Barolo between all the producers? What is it going to be today versus what it's gonna be tomorrow? How much do we respect tradition versus how much do we push towards modernity? That was really interesting that they're having those active dialogues and conversations. (energetic music) Welcome to the V is for Vino nerd lab. We take complicated wine topics and make 'em simple. Today, we're talking about wine, open bottles of wine. Open bottles of wine. So what happens when you open wine? Why does it go bad at all? Oxygen. Once wine is exposed to large amounts of oxygen, two things happen. The ascetic acid in the wine feeds off the oxygen and gives the wine of vinegary flavor. And the alcohol oxidizes and gives a nutty, kind of bruised fruit character. Spoiled wine isn't gonna kill you. It just doesn't taste as good as it should. So how long do you have to consume wine once you open it? Well, it's kind of on a case by case basis. First off, different wines have different levels of natural preservatives like alcohol, tannin, sugar and sulfites, which help keep wines fresh longer. Second, the less wine that's in the bottle, the more oxygen is in there, which speeds up deterioration. That being said, if you made me land on a time limit, I'd say two to five days, depending on the wine. Sparkling wines have the shortest shelf life because of the bubbles, followed by reds, and full bodied whites and rosés and light whites live the longest. The exceptions are fortified wines like Sherry and Port, which last about a month due to their high alcohol, and oxidized wines like Madeira and Marsala, which lasts for years, because they've already been intentionally exposed to oxygen during the wine-making process. How can we make sure we get the maximum amount of time possible? First, close your bottles with either a cork or a stopper to prevent more oxygen from getting in. Second, store 'em in the fridge to slow down oxidation, because heat encourages chemical reactions. Are there any wine savers out there that are worth looking into? Short answer, not in my opinion. There's a whole slew of them out there. The most popular being the vacuum-based ones. But most of these options garner mixed results and are too often impractical, expensive, or ineffective. There is one exception called the Coravin, but I don't use this to preserve open lines. I use it to never open the wines at all. A needle goes through the cork, funnels out the wine and replaces the oxygen with argon gas. They claim that the wine will keep for years. But for me, this has a very specific purpose. I use it mostly when I want to taste bottles without opening them for videos or reviews. In my opinion, it doesn't make as much sense for pouring multiple glasses. As the argon gas capsules are a bit expensive and the pour is a bit slow. At the end of the day, your best bet is to consume your bottle within a day or two after opening. After all, life's short, right? I hope you enjoyed this nerd lab on open bottles of wine. And as always, keep geeking out. Italy has a ton of great restaurants and Alba is no exception, but sometimes the very best restaurant is the one where you can relax and feel comfortable. Where you can open as many bottles of wine as you like, and the menu is always of your choosing, home. Plus Federica's mother Nicoletta, is a bit of a risotto expert. So I needed to learn what I could. What have you been working on? It smells amazing. - Pollo alla Cacciatora Hunter chicken. - Marinated for one day, chicken with tomato sauce. - Oh, we're gonna do tomato sauce? - Fresh tomatoes. - It's a very typical dish for summer. - I need this giant pan in my life. And it does smell wonderful as we start to get going with the garlic, the rosemary. Can I ask what else is over here? 'Cause you have blossoms over here. - Zucchini flour. - I put in the eggs bread. And then fried in the olive oil. - And then fry on olive oil. - It's like Milanese. Did you tell me you're making risotto too? - Oh, you're very busy in here and I love it. The risotto is one of my favorites. So how do you do risotto? - Celery and onions. - I cook very slow. - And is it just a special kind of rice? Like what makes it risotto? - Carnaroli. - What is it? Yeah. I mean, I notice you're using Barbaresco for our risotto. - Or maybe Barolo. - Oh, that breaks my heart a little bit. - Yes, but now we are in the Barbaresco area. - And I use Barbaresco. - And you should use good wine for the risotto? - Oh, yes. Good wine. Good wine, good risotto. - Like moths to a flame, the smell of Italian cooking always draws people into the kitchen. - Yeah. In Italian, we have a saying, which is, "Everything which is fried is good, even a piece of a shoe." - I'm glad that actually is a, that transcends borders, I think, 'cause we say the same thing. You described her as a risotto ninja. I think yesterday. - No, no, no, no, no. Risotto black belt. - Risotto black belt. I love it. - So when I was a little girl, I used to eat risotto until I was full. Then I stopped for 15 minutes and then started again. - And then you go again. Then you go back in. When we talk about pairing in Nebbiolo, what do you look for? - Barolo is very good with usually with meat, but also with pasta. For example, a very good prosciutto. - Good with protein, it's good with meat, it's good with prosciutto, and it's good for the- We said earlier, braised meat is a big thing out here. - Braised meat is very typical and I believe it's very intense. So like the taste of Barolo. - And then of course, the best pairing of the world is risotto with truffle. - White truffle. So for us is just white truffle. The truffle is white. - Truffle is white, black truffles don't even exist. Wow. You use like a half bottle. We don't skimp on the wine. - So Vince, don't say that you contribute with the risotto. Please. - I'm not gonna take any credit for this, I promise. - Please. - All right. Once the wine is kind of reduced down, we start adding the stock. Now how do you know when it's done? Taste? - The color. - See that's where the experience comes. - Yeah the little pieces of rice, they will get bigger. - Then they change color. Not white, not a little bit of gold. While the risotto and chicken cooked, we exited Nicoletta's domain and head to the patio for one last wine tasting before dinner. While Pio Cesare's flagship wines are blends, they do make some very exclusive single vineyard wines. We started with the Barolo Ornato, a wine from the Ornato vineyard in the Serralunga d'Alba subregion. This land was the first vineyard Pio Cesare purchased. - Serralunga is really so important for us. It's where everything started because even our great great grandfather when he was buying grapes, so when Pio Cesare was still young, he was buying grapes from historical supplier since day one from Serralunga. So really, Serralunga is the heart of Pio Cesare. - This was the vineyard you and I walked? That was Ornato? - Yes. That was the vineyard where we climb up. - We climbed like goats up the very steep hills. - Ornato is the expression of a very masculine kind of Barolo. Very powerful with great complexity. - Beautiful flowers. I get that rosiness from it, I get this cherry note. Maybe a little more singular focus with this wine. And I always, I compare it sometimes to scotch, and you get blended and then you just to go into the single malt and you try 'em both. So you can see what goes into your essentially regular Barolo, and now you have a better idea of, "Okay-" - Sorry, but I correct you. I don't make any regular Barolo. - No regular Barolo, I'm sorry. Never regular Barolo. Next was Il Bricco Barbaresco from the slopes surrounding the very table and family home we were sitting in. - Il Bricco means the peak of the hill. So the highest part of the hill. And for Nebbiolo to get the best Nebbiolo is fundamental. Because Nebbiolo grape needs as much as possible the contact with the sun. - This is singing very well right now. I actually get like some orange peel, I get black tea. - Due to this great finesse from the grape, from this estate, we can say that Il Bricco is immediately a great wine. - Without losing the great capacity of aging for 20, 30 years like a grape Nebbiolo. - Finally, Federica and Cesare had a surprise for me, a 2010 Barolo. If you could clone a vintage in Piedmont, and just make that every year, 2010 would be it. It's the perfect year. It made perfect wines and they were kind enough to pull one out of their private cellar just for me. This is something that if this doesn't make you happy, nothing will. There is such joy from seeing the way these evolve and change. You start to see that changing of color. Fruit starts to fade a little bit. You get these lovely dried fruit notes, dried flower notes. This is still so fresh and you can see how it'll age. Right? You can see that, "Okay. If I put this down another 10, it's gonna go more towards a lot of these flavors I'm getting right now." - It's starting to have his natural evolution. So the tannins are much more integrated in the wine. - I've been honored to spend the entire week with you, both learning the history of Pio Cesare and learning where you envision heading next over the next 140 years, I hope. Cheers - Salud, cheers. - As my time in Piedmont drew to a close, we sat down around the table and enjoyed the time we had left in this remarkable place. A place where so many family legacies have been built. So many traditions born. Italy's a road well traveled, and Piedmont isn't some new discovery, but it's not Disneyland either. It appears intact, real and unchanging. Recipes, wine traditions, architecture, and landscape seem like they've just always been. And much like the wine it produces, Piedmont feels enduring. As we all chase after contentment, this place has already found it. And the vines, the land, the traditions, the families, will all be here waiting for you to arrive. Your own Piedmont adventure is right around the corner. (inspirational music) Hey, Vince here. Hope you enjoyed the episode. If you have a moment, follow us on Instagram. And if you really wanna support, please consider joining Vino VIP on visforvino.com. It's our members-only club with a ton of benefits. Thanks for watching, and see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rod1167 [1 likes]: thank you for the free lesson. by the way, I'm from Milan
  2. @The.Epicurean [1 likes]: Fkn fantastic.
  3. @igutsol1 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤ thanks
  4. @rolandoguytenor [1 likes]: Great content! Thank you
  5. @blabm1 [1 likes]: Great video! Though I am not so much a wine enthusiast (but one for the region of Piemonte) I learned a lot of things to apply to on my next trip. Enthusiasm for wine and good in things in life springs over and is just fun to see. Also great fan of covering Lebanon's wines, as the region is so much more to offer but war and conflict.
  6. @freddylim8222 [1 likes]: Frederica has such a lovely accent!
  7. @anthonygennard162 [1 likes]: Great show. Having lived in Italy as a student (1990 😂) you capture its essence. Well done! This is much better than the Languedoc episode and approach 😉
  8. @hutchyhutchinson [1 likes]: What a show
  9. @kurtjaecques9109 [1 likes]: Great video on the Piemonte region. Those videos are informative, entertaining  and inviting to explore. I was wondering what vintages you tasted of the Barolo wines (apart from the 2010 one 🙂). I just started to open my 2015 vintages.
  10. @EugenePajota [1 likes]: I. Love. Your. Videos
  11. @John-wx2ce [1 likes]: I have meaning to thank you for putting Pio Cesare on my radar. Had a wonderful tasting at the winery in Alba in May.
  12. @CarlosRamirez-cu6qu [1 likes]: Hi sorry to bother but I believe your video says there is 18 DOCG’s. I think you might have missed Moscato D’Asti for a total of 19 or am I mistaken?
  13. @Kivas_Fajo: Typo...there is no d in Piemonte.
  14. @tedryan2798: Just came across this video.  In Oct 2025, we spent a week in Bricco San Giovanni (Morettti Adamari).  We also spent time in Alba and the Truffle Festival.  It was a fabulous week!  Our favorite was a Barbera di Asti, steel cask (no oak).  The truffle salami from the festival was to die for!  We also went truffle hunting- what a great experience!
  15. @0neeyeopen: I am a new fan, watching your videos…my wine guy sold me the Pio Cesare Barbera d’Alba 2020 vintage last week. I have not had the chance to open it yet and he ordered several cases for his wine store. It will be my first Barbera wine that he put me on as I was looking for a Barberesco. Thanks for sharing your experience with us!!!
  16. @fabionatale-wk9jq: And Valle d‘ Aosta?????
  17. @raynellwilliams706: I love this show ❤
  18. @Joseoutsider: This kid boffa is a real mvp
  19. @EugenePajota: I. Love. Watching. Your. Videos
  20. @MilesJennings-b2e: Subscribed! Waiting for new videos 🔥

- THE WINE SHOW: TUSCANY SPECIAL PART 1: Kind: captions Language: en-GB The poet Browning famously said, "Open my heart and you will see engraved inside it, Italy." Now when I've uncorked my last bottle, it'll be Yorkshire they find on my ticker. But I do understand why Browning felt this way. Italy in the autumn sunshine is somewhere that stirs the soul like few other places. After what's been, let's face it, a pretty difficult time for everyone. I couldn't be happier to be back on my travels. I've come to Tuscany, a region that's home to some of the greatest names, not just in Italian wine, but wines recognized as truly world class. I've asked. our newest hire, Dominic West, to join me as a bit of a treat. The last time I saw him was in Portugal, where he joined me and James Purefoy. As the latest member of the wine show gang. Don't say that I don't take you along on a nice jolly every now and then. It's the nicest thing you've ever done. Oh, bless you. Hello, Joe. How are you? Hi, Joe. Hi. I have a new pupil. I'm a vessel that wishes to be filled. But he was confined to the quinta and I thought it would be nice to get him out and about. Tuscany is an enormous winemaking region. There is one particular corner of it that really does punch above its weight. Although it's a magnet for serious wine collectors now, it hasn't always been that way. Despite the Etruscan Coast's ancient history, this region has only really been renowned for its wine since the 1970s, and I've asked Dominic to meet me in the village that gives this region its name - Bolgheri. Dom! I found you. What the hell are you doing here? Hello. How are you old chap? I'm very well. I'm very well indeed. This is a one of what is probably my favorite wine region. But this is the most beautiful place. You get old here quite happily. Well, I can see us both sitting like sort of two elderly Italian pensioners playing playing pétanque or cards and discussing the state of the world. So this is not a wine, ...historically, a wine region? No, no, not at all. I mean, how could anyone have sat here for hundreds of years and not thought about wine? We're in Italy, for goodness sake, in a beautiful, the most beautiful square I think I've ever seen. Throughout Tuscany, people made wine, often actually mixed agriculture, and the vines would grow up trees. It wasn't noted for it. It was just local wine. Now it's very, very famous. And it's that shift ... Because they changed the grape. Well, what we should go and do is try some. Sounds good to me. Take it. Dom might have just had his morning coffee. But this is The Wine Show, and it's about time he learned that there are sacrifices to be made. One of them is going wine tasting in the morning. La Cantinetta di Bolgheri has a great selection of wines from all over Italy and the world. Which is fortunate because I'm about to take Dominic on a journey starting just over the hills in Chianti. So we're going to start you off with Chianti Classico, which is wine you've tried, I'm sure, in the past. It's the way I like to start things off, just listening to The Breakfast of Champions. And actually I'm taking us back in time because Matthew and Matthew in Series One one went to visit Vignamaggio in Chianti Classico, which is possibly the most famous of the regions in Tuscany. Let's have a taste before we do anything else. This is sangiovese. So this is mostly sangiovese. You can add a few other bits and there is a reason for that, have a swirl and a sniff. Not necessarily very aromatic? No. Sometimes cherries... ...that kind of thing. Bit of grip there. There, you see. Oh, now then. So what's happening in your...? It's leathery and it's quite tannin. Seems to be gripping me As far back as the what would it be? The sort of 18th century people were saying is not very good on its own. What you have to do is have other grapes to make it a bit more aromatic, make it a bit softer, make it slightly less tart. But then it does thrive very well up in the hills... people have learned over time how to go and make a nice wine. But it's always had this challenge. These estates have been here for a very long time. This one, it was the family, Lisa Gherardini, who became Mona Lisa. She was always complaining. And she she would stay regularly, I think it was a family estate, the most beautiful place. Really? Absolultely glorious. this is what the Mona Lisa drank. No wonder she had an enigmatic smile. Time to leave the Italian renaissance behind. Now. Ready for the next stage in this and take a trip forward in time to the 1940s and across the globe to California. I've got three wines because this is how we're going to go and learn about it. There's lots of very nice aristocratic families around this part of the world. And one of them... You know all of them. I know all of them. You're related to them. We have dinner regularly, Are the Fattorini's from around here? Umm... there are lots of Fattorinis around here. They're not noted for being aristocrats. It's mostly a haulage company. Right now. What I think about is I might be more used as a truck driver the way things are at the moment, but leaving that thought to one side, we're starting our own story of wine renaissance in the Napa Valley with a great wine - Duckhorn Decoy red blend. Now what's this? So Marchese Mario Incisa della Rocchetta in the 1940s, has this lovely estate here. It's not a wine growing state. And he decided that he would just plant some vines for his own consumption. He was going to go make his own wine. What he does is he looks and he can see the topography and he looks and he says, Well, there's a row of hills. I'm just on the bottom of those. I'm looking out over this plain that's been recently sort of drained, if you like. And then there's the West Coast as the sea very, very close. So he thinks, well, where else in the world that he's been to has this? Now have a swirl and a sniff of this? He thinks the Napa Valley in California, there's rows of hills. There's then the valley, there's this sort of alluvial soil. And then the coast that cools it off so we can have a swirl and a sniff of this... And this is a merlot blend. So actually what he starts to recreate is this blend of wines that are like you get in Napa Valley - have a taste. Go on. soft, more aromatic. Is this a Napa wine? It is, yes. Pass me another couple of glasses. Fruity because then he looks at one of the great wine regions of the world and he says, let's have a look at Bordeaux. Ah Bordeaux... ...which is also ... Exactly the same. Yes. Our well-traveled. Italian aristocrat was also inspired by the wines of Bordeaux on the Atlantic coast of France. And I'm sure he'd have loved this classic blend from Clos des Desmoiselles So have a try of this. This is from Listrac so a little village in Bordeaux also a merlot blend Now it's similar in ... Mmm,... ...shape? It's got more tannins It's blended with cabernet? huh huh When you're trying this, you're thinking this has got more.... It's still soft. It's not got quite that tartness. Mm hmm. More aromatic? Do you like this more than the sangiovese? Very much more, yes. You can drink far more of this. So what we're starting to see is there's the Marchese... He's looking and he says, well, we've got this little row of hills that sort of protects us from winds from in the in the interior. Got this nice drained area in front of us, which has got these alluvial sandy clay soils. So you get clay soils in this part of Bordeaux particularly it's very good for merlot... Merlot quite likes clay. Likes to keep his feet wet ... Oh does it? Absolutely. And look at the sea and it's looking out over the sea and you get these cool breezes that come in. Test it now. Well I need another couple of glasses because... Here's two I made earlier. So now this is actually almost identical in price to the two wines that we've got. This is Greppicante... Finally we are back in Bolgheri and while this wine isn't made by the globetrotting Marchese it is Greppicant made by local winemaker I Greppi. Have a swirl and a sniff of this. And I what you'll be able to see, is this evolution same part of the same sort of topography, same soil types, warmer - we are further south certainly than Bordeaux, Get your nose into that Mainly merlot, is it? Yes. Similar blend, mainly merlot. Bordeaux blend. Oh, yeah. Different league. You're enjoying this? Wonderful. And what I like particularly is this map. So here it's got this sort of map which is showing these lakes and the lakes act as a sort of moderating influence because water is a moderating influence on vineyards. So we've got to sea... We're at the coast. You can see... What? Keeping the frost away. Yeah. And particularly in the evenings, you tend to find that the sort of heat rises and you sit at I Greppi you can sit there in the, you know, in and among the vines. And as the heat rises in the middle of the country, there's this gentle breeze that gets sucked in exactly the same way that it does in the Napa Valley, and it draws in this cool wind. So it's points to the day where it would potentially be too hot ...the grapes would sort of struggle... Sit in the estate there... And this is just, there's this lovely cool breeze You want to go and visit, don't you? I desperately want to go and see. So I want to go and take you to I Greppi and to go and see for yourself exactly what this topography is like. We'll look up at the hills and we'll look at the sea I'll take you there tomorrow. I shall dream about it all night. You can just enjoy drinking it. It's delicious. Well, we did have some wine to finish. So after a lazy afternoon in Bolgheri, the most glorious sunset. The next morning we jump into the no expense spared production vehicle and head towards I Greppi, down one of the most iconic roads in Italy. Wow. That is something else isn't it. Look at that. This is the Viale di Cipresse It's almost five kilometers in length. It's shaded on both sides by 2400 cypress trees, most of which date back to the 19th century. Is it part of the Appian Way? Maybe it is. It's the Aurelian Way. Oh what's that? Via Aurelia. I think I know this is I think it connects to the Via Aurelia and it's from it goes from Rome to Provence. Oh yeah. That's nice, yeah and the motorway is now I think it's called a sort of autostrada Aurelia Oh right. Yeah. Yeah, that's lovely. That's amazing isn't it. I mean, why live anywhere but Italy? Well, because of the Prince of Wales...(giggles) Did you go to an acting school? Why do you live in Sweden? You could live in Italy, for goodness sake. And it has crossed my mind. You should start a vineyard. Why don't you have a vineyard? You should definitely have a Wine Show vineyard We should do it here. This is where it ends! This is where it ends. What? The road.... ...the road to Rome. And then this is an avenue of plane trees. Isn't it amazing. So beautiful. You know, I've never noticed that. Well, you are an arborealist... I don't really know I don't really know actuallly. [in voice of Prince Charles] I bet he's a fun character to play. Wonderful character. But no, I'm available for The Wine Show at the drop of a hat. If we do drop any, they'll be sun hats... Perfect for working in the Vineyard here at the I Greppi estate So this is exactly what I was telling you about. As we enter the vineyard, I Greppi...Bolgheri... and from here you're going to be able to see all the things. So right in front of us, range of hills protecting this plain here from the weather, from the interior. So it creates this rather protective bowl. With the Colline Metalifere protecting it. The Vineyard is currently 24 hectares with plans to expand. This is flat down here... slightly clay, sandy soils which have been drained so they're not particularly rich good for wine growing. Behind us is the sea sort of cool breezes coming in. How charming. I Greppi was bought by its current owners in 2016 and is following in the region's outward looking traditions. Not only does it have an Irish owner, the team is international too. Working with Italian marketing director Marco Fillipeschi, is Californian winemaker Keaton Crowe. The estate manager is Welshman Dale Heatley. Before we get to the winery, Dale is keen to show Dominic the Vineyard. where some of the last grapes of this vintage are ready to be harvested. So what grapes are these? So at the moment, we're not in our Cabernet franc block So this has been a real success story in this area. Now... Can I taste? Yeah, absolutely Mmmm... fruity. So Cabernet franc, this grows particularly well in this type of soil. Look at this. This is this is pure sand. There's not a lot of clay in there. So where we're standing right now is on the coast. We're about a mile off the beach. It's a delicious grape, but it's very sensitive. And so it needs a certain amount of sunlight per day. It needs to be on a West Coast aspect. So it gets that sunset in the evening. You can compare it to Napa Valley. I Greppi's vineyard, is one of the founding members of the governing body for this region, the Denomiazione di Origine Controllata - the DOC - was founded in 1995 and has grown from its original seven members to more than sixty. It's an incredibly exciting time for us. Today can create what could become a 500,000 year legacy. They could be talking about the first 25 years. A thousand years from now, a bottle grew. So these grapes are ready to harvest. They are? How how'd you harvest them? A great question. I mean, harvesting comes out of a simple choice machine harvest or hand harvest. And while the machines have evolved over the last couple of years and they do a decent job, if you want to make a premium top quality red wine, white wine, you have to hand harvest. And that's it. And the reason for that is very, very simple. Have you ever seen a machine harvest? So they just go up and down the vines and they just suck all of the grapes off. But the biggest problem is they the grapes get broken. And we know that that's not a negative to machine harvesting. Now, what happens there the moment the skin is broken? That starts fermenting. So that starts becoming wine on the spot. But of course, you've got no control over that. And you don't you don't want the grapes to be to be fermenting in a tank under the sun in 40 degree heat. So the key to the harvesting is getting the grapes in the cantina as quick as possible under the coolest temperatures possible. And how exact and timing does it have to be? I mean, you don't do it by the moon or anything like that. Today must be packed. Or is it a bit looser than that? No, no. I mean, our harvesting will be when a certain when the sugar level hits a certain ripeness, the certain ripeness, the sugar levels are correct. And then we make the call and we get everybody in and those those groups have to hit the cantina in the morning so we can work on them in the day. The first 24 hours, 40. That was absolutely critical with grapes. Are you harvesting today? We are. We're harvesting a cabernet franc. So it's going to look do it. It's getting very close to that. Give it a sniff where the main vein can look to the smaller vein. So this is this this is the reason why we hand over so they don't get they don't burst or they don't break legal straight and then keep trying. And harvesting is labor intensive. So every pair of hands, even the soft skinned ones of this actor, are welcome. That's. Cabernet franc. If you were if you FRENETTE September come up with the month and you can join the at the picking stuff. Ever thought of owning a vineyard itself? I'd love to. Got a little, little area of Chippenham I'm thinking about. And any grape varietals. It's adult with a dog. The Chippenham dock. Do you know it? One member? Yeah. That's great. Yeah, yeah, that's awesome. So once you you've got a box of eight or ten bunches in there, so we don't want to risk breaking any more. They then come into this big bin in the main bin, right. So there's empty that into that. That's a great job site and it's such a nice site. Look at that. Yeah. So we could expect to get maybe about 100 kilograms in there when it's all full. So ten of them, we make about a ton. These will be filled up along along all of the rows. It takes one of those. One. So about 23% sugar. Well, it'll be the sugar level, which we do a Bible test when we get in there, but lead to the sunlight level is directly responsible for the sugar level. So the more sun, the more sugar, the more sugar, the more alcohol. I'm not sure if you'll believe me when I tell you this, but later in the day we did test the sugar levels and amazingly it was 23%. So either you're a good guesser or don't like me to get on and plant those Chippenham vines. I tell you, I love it. Feeling the grapes is really they're such they're such beautiful things. There it was. I wouldn't like to do 20 tonnes of them, but has it put you off? What was it giving you? I know it's giving me renewed vigor. Great. Well, in that case, we'll be waiting for you next September. The Vineyard is only the beginning of the story over in the Cantina Winery. The next chapter begins. While Dominic has been hard at work, I've been catching up with winemaker Keith Crone. Keaton is a graduate of one of the world's great wine scholars, University of California at Davis. And as we're about to find out, he loves being here in Bulgari, working for such an innovative company. Here it is. Hi. I'm don keen to meet you. Good to meet you. We had a lot of fun. I have. I've been picking your grapes. Yeah, I heard you were picking out Your Cabernet franc, which was really ripe and ready to go. Yeah, we can actually go ahead and taste some Cabernet franc from last year if you want. If we want, of course we won't. Cabernet franc is one of the grapes in the classic Bordeaux blend that I've been telling Dominic about. It's one of the backbones of the wines of the Bulgari region. Here's that Cabernet franc that have come to be known as super Tuscan. So this has come from where from? This is coming from. Well, it's not quite your production yet, but it is this year. Now, this is from last year. This is last year, 2020. 2020. Cabernet franc. Yep. Which which wine is this? So this is actually for grep. Okay. So this that's your best one? Yeah. So we we will have a majority Cabernet Sauvignon in our graphic here, and then we have a minority of our Cabernet franc. But since you harvested Cabernet franc this morning, I figured it would be okay. Yes, me? This is really nice. Now, when I could sit and have dinner with this. Why leave it longer in a barrel? Well, so we do it for 18 months, generally in our group of eight and 12 months for our group to contain our base for us. So but that extra time and barrel helps soften maybe a bigger wine, something with a little bit more structure, more tannin, as well as give it a little bit more of that complexity. It allows for that aroma and that flavor to develop in the mouth. And don't tell me you do experiments. I have too many experiments, but ultimately all the quality is created in the vineyard. So all the experiments that we do here are how can we capture the quality in the winery that we spent a whole year waiting to harvest and you know, that slow build up to harvest time every year? How can we best capture that quality? We're going to empty you. Yes, you do. You've got to be ready for the next one. So that's the Cabernet franc. Now for the next wine in the blender, the one that gives it its fruit and body. This is Cabernet Sauvignon. Cabernet sound also been the barrel for it for the same time. Yeah. Yeah. So it's got another six months to go. Exactly. Now, is this a different sort of barrel? So we will use a stronger toast for for the the Cabernet Sauvignon. It's a little bit more intense in terms of aromatics and body. So we can always about medium, but we can play around with more stronger toast, none of the vapor stuff. So this is like matching up boxes, isn't it? You know, he's sort of bigger, more muscly. Great. Needs a bigger. Exactly. Stronger barrel. Yeah. There's. There's no one best solution for any type of wine. If you try to apply the same techniques that you used for Pinot Noir to Cabernet Sauvignon, you know, it's there's no universal answer to winemaking. You always have to treat every variety, every vineyard, every place accordingly. And through time, you get to understand what best matches with that and roughly what blend of see how much comes of and how much from can or yes. So roughly it's going to be 50, 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20 to 25% Cabernet franc, and then the rest will be more low. Oh, this is noticeably more tannic. Yes. Which is not surprising. Which is not also because of the Barry Oak. Yes. So you do get. You do definitely get tannin from the barrel. But also we find that the type of tannins that we get from a Cabernet Sauvignon, you can extract those wines a little bit more intensely. And that gives a really silky, nice, elegant tannin in terms of structure. Whereas maybe with something like more delicate, like Cabernet franc, you want to leave a little bit more. Less like less extracted, a little bit lighter, a little bit easier to drink. And then that adds. It's a nice blending component. How many interesting takes in the different varieties in them? Interestingly, of the two with Cabernet franc, I could drink that right now. Sit in front of the TV. I don't know what you. And it'd be very nice. This needs more time. I mean, this is noticeable. It's lovely, but it needs time just to ease up a little bit, to just soften more gently. You can see where it's going, but it's not there yet. Yeah, exactly. So it needs time to let it tear down for sure. While Keaton heads off to get us a finer sample, we're thinking about how old barrels are in the thousands out of sorts of years old. But certainly welcome to the hundreds. But we're Egyptians. We're using a sort of barrel, I think one of them. But enough of our amateur barrel ology. Now, the what's this? So this is actually the first wine I ever made here in Europe in 2019 when I arrived. Yeah, it's this is this is the experimental wine, my first ever experiment. So what's in it? You tell us. You're the expert. Cabernet Sauvignon. There is Cabernet Sauvignon, but it's actually a majority Cabernet franc name and sort of. Greeny green pepper. Is this? Yes, yes, you're right. Capsicum, green belt of a bell. Pepper and capsaicin is actually a characteristic of the Cabernet franc freidel. Right. You must be very proud of this dress. So I'm not sure what we're going to do with it yet. I hope that it ends up being its own little mini series, mini production that wine reviews. Interesting, but having softened us up with some wonderful samples and has some real work for us to do. So I could actually use some help. If you guys want to help in the cantina for a second. Doing what? Rehydrating a barrel. Okay, this is new on me. I've never done this. Here we go. It sounds like it could get wet. Yeah. Do you have any rubber boots? Wellingtons? No, I've got thigh high ones. Let's go. We're all right. Every year up, he buys new French oak barrels at €800 a pop. They're quite the investment. But he will fight for bringing the quality and character to their wines, but they don't quite come ready to use. So you guys are just going to put the barrel on the side and go ahead and roll it. Oh. Clearly there's a module in Ballybofey, a drama school. This isn't as easy as it looks. So why do you hydrate barrels to sea? Because it's like a ship. If you don't hydrate, it'll sink because. I do apologize for my my acquaintance. Nearly that. Yeah, you're right. I am ready. Winemaking is sometimes more of an art than a science. Yes, absolutely. So. All right, come on. What do we do? So Guy knocked this barrel over on his side. Mm hmm. And then we leveled up, and then we're going to take the bung out, check out the boom. You're boom out there. Oh, smells so good. Burnt oak. Hmm. Oh, it's lovely. And we're going to stick this one up, and then Jeff won't give a hand. I'll hold your barrel. Go ahead. So if I'm wondering, just pour the water and try not to get yourself too wet. Tip the barrel back on his side area and then he's put the water on top of this. And that seals it or it just keeps the wood that rehydrated the wood. So if the if the word is in hydrated, then the wine will leak out. So how long do you leave it like that for? 24 hours. And then we flip it on this other side. So you've rehydrated your barrel. That's for your cabernet. Franc is going to go feel better than that rise. But Cabernet franc that he's picked. Yeah, it's going to go in the barrel that you've hydrated. You are a winemaker. I am. I should get to the barrel. I think I'll drink it at least. After all our hard work, it's finally time to sit down and taste the pinnacle of Griffey's achievements. I think you need to get someone in the glasses. So what are we going to have first? You're going to get to take us through this. This is what it's all built up for. So, Keaton, we're going to have this is the graphic here, isn't it? So we're going to have the group of 15 and group of kind of 2016. Last, the vineyard has ambitions to take on some of the region's great names with this wine is called grep a.k.a and we're going to be tasting it in oui wine people call a vertical. That just means comparing the same wine from multiple years. We're starting with a 2015 and 2016. 2015, I believe, is when Bulgari was actually noted for being one of the best wines, producing one of the best wines in the world. And so it's become famous as a vintage and 15. Yes, I'm putting my names and come on, everybody dove in, dove in. I mean, the best year for 30 years was I mean, it was just many wines were very well acclaimed from 2015 and 2016. So so this is the pinnacle of what we've been working towards. This is a super, super Tuscan. So this is going to be the group of K a blend before e grumpy was transformed under its new ownership was actually quite different from the new blend. So the 2015 and the 2016 are actually going to have a majority. MERLO Mm hmm. So you can get that more in the palettes, bit softer, and you have that in the aromatics as well. That's just very nice. I'm trying to think of sort of I like to think of the texture was first blush, so got it. Yeah, absolutely. Which is your favorite, though? I've mixed up. Which ones? I'm not quite sure. So 16 is the left. That's 15 now and then. It's 16 on the right. And you're being observed here, Sophie and Lucy. I was watching. It can judge you furiously for Your Honor, which is my fave. Which do you have a favorite sphere into your 15? Why? I don't know. The taste is it is very soft and supplements are the same 15 I think. I think the 16 I tend to think is slightly more peppery, maybe 50. Send either of them back closely? No, absolutely not. I'm quite happy that the same proportion of Cabin Mallow. Yes. Yeah, they're exactly the same. Yeah, it's just. It's just got another year of glory on it, isn't it? Just slightly softer. See how the problem here. I really love a 16. I think. I think the 15 is more immediately giving. The 15 is ready to kind of shown the nose. It's already opened up. It's very forward in terms of the aromatics for the 16 kind of needs time. It draws you in slowly. I would actually agree with you. I'm for the 16, so it would seem that a 2015 was the winner there, even though Keaton and I preferred the 2016. Onwards to the wine from the new regime and a new bottle designed by marketing director Marco Phillip asking the graphic year 2017 and 2018. Can we try these? We move on. Go and see what the next sort of generation because now they look different because it's got different sort of bottle and there's the lakes. Kudos to Marco. That's you. Yeah. Yeah. I thought we removed the label because it was too similar to our base wine grape decanter. So I thought to remove the label and screen printing directly on the glass, the two lakes and the name of the wine. The map wrapper is a map is the tribute to the three local people. There is all the podera, all the houses, all the streets, names in the map, and obviously our lakes and our logo where we are. I like whenever anything is very local. Marco pipes up and says, Well, I decided to go and make sure this is very local. You always you obviously fighting the corner, aren't you, for for the Italians rather than the Welsh and the Americans over here. I have to to keep the flag into the ground because I represent the Italy in this strange but very beautiful company. And I'm so proud to to work with the a Welsh and American and Albanian and Irish owner. So these are like a terrible joke, you know, like a Welshman, an American and an Italian. The two guys here, one Welsh, one American. I've no idea what the punch line is, but I'm going to work on that for a while now. Here we go. So you taste in the most of them? I haven't taste them yet. No, not content to start to kick on. So there's this big shift, isn't there, in the blend? So you go from Murlough. Actually, now we get into the world of Cabernet Sauvignon in a serious, meaty way. Yes, absolutely. In India, there's there's a very as a synergy between e grappa and California, I think it's much more intense. And I love it, actually. So what what's the change again? So. So we almost inverted the blend. So so it was a majority or low before our 60%. And now we're working towards 50 to 55% between these two vintages of Cabernet Sauvignon. The wines just have this yeah. This opulence, this, this age ability and this this richness to them that I think is is evident from changing from the 17 or 16 to the 17 . You really get a sense of that. Are you able able to just enjoy wine or do you always think of it through a rather scientific lens? You have you have to enjoy wine. You have to you have to turn that off you. I know. Ask you the most stupid question of all time. Oh, good. Have you enjoyed it? I've loved it. In some it's been it's been rather amazing to be in an area in this beautiful part of Italy that manages to combine a sort of pioneer spirit with a. It would be with these young these young, you know, that young make young winemaker Keaton's making these incredible wines in this area that sort of has so much history because Italy but has so in recent history and it's able to be innovative and pioneering. And it's something I've loved it and I think the wines are incredible. Which one did you put? The 2018? Yeah, I prefer the later ones. I prefer the 17 and 18. I just prefer that more cabernet system to you. I prefer the yes, I prefer I like them all mine. But the Cabernet, I think is delicious. It's transformational. So I think I think the franc I love I love Cabernet franc. I think it's I love that I don't know what it gives it. What is what is there is there is a freshness and a lift that you get from Cabernet franc. And I think I'm palates have changed. And in the time I've been in the country, people used to like big soupy monsters and now we like a freshness and it's picked up. I've loved it. Thank you very much. And thank you to. You mean. Thank you very much. I get to come as well this time. I know, but I get your vast encyclopedic knowledge in a while here, doc. Why was James said take down? He hasn't been on a trip. Here's to James. You should take something. I will. I'll pretend to take him. We will drink this one. Obviously between two. I live. I only live an hour from him now, so I should be. I'll take him a bottle. Take him a bottle. 18 and a little bit more on a good guy. My chest is to regret grippy. And always saying the.

  Top Comments:
  1. @simoneleboff5494 [7 likes]: So happy I can watch the Wine Show again.  Missed you. Please stay on YouTube. Xxx
  2. @quinnbracken6122 [6 likes]: Please make more of these shows; we in the States LOVE 'EM!
  3. @gracieneens8613 [5 likes]: One of the most underrated shows!♥️
  4. @mikeymonty [4 likes]: We were just at Bolgheri some months ago and totally in love with Tuscany... Great storytelling here, well done!

Cheers from Malaysia..
  5. @stephenfitzgerald7516 [3 likes]: My wife and I love this show, was one of the reasons we went to the hotel you guys were in Porto many years ago.
  6. @winebytheBayTV [2 likes]: Greta video … I love Italian wine but have never been to Italy…. Thanks for sharing
  7. @malachiw392 [2 likes]: very entertaining, thank you The Wine Show
  8. @aimikaela [1 likes]: I know that there is nothing better for people than to be happy and to do good while they live.  That each of them may eat and drink, and find satisfaction in all their toil—this is the gift of God.  Ecclesiastes 3:12-13
  9. @SpaceTed [1 likes]: McNutty loves his booze.
  10. @julioalbertomorales [1 likes]: Dominic West is incredible. At 07:28 he asks "Is this a Napa wine?" incredulously and the host answers "It is." Well, Mr. West's knowledge is shining through because Decoy Red Wine 2019 should not be categorized at all as a Napa wine. The fact sheet on it states that only 6% of the grapes are Napa, dwarfed by the percentage of Sonoma and Central Coast and coming in fourth after Mendocino.
  11. @springyone: The sound editor needs to be fired
  12. @ShearDamia-p7u1z: really enjoyed the insights and visuals in this episode! Tuscany looks absolutely stunning. however, I can't help but think that sometimes the focus on high-end wines can overshadow the amazing, lesser-known varietals that are just as fascinating. wouldn’t it be cool to explore more of those in future episodes?
  13. @ShearDamia-p7u1z: what a beautifully produced video! i loved the stunning visuals of Tuscany and the way you captured its charm. however, i find it interesting how some wine enthusiasts focus solely on high-end wines, while i believe there’s so much value in exploring more affordable options. it makes the experience more accessible for everyone, don’t you think?
  14. @simonbeard631: Your background music seems louder than the foreground talking, needs tweaking :)
  15. @JuverAliaga: I think you should focus more on Tuscany if you are talking about Tuscany, and I don't find the comparison with other wines right, since the originality of a region is not comparative.
  16. @ortiz3452: I thought McNulty was a jameson drinker !
  17. @michellelopez5407: ❤ Dominic ❤
  18. @jonathanwilliams1974: Love the content, but when the music kicks in, it completely drowns out the voiceover.
  19. @andrewcowman8731: Love this show.  I have had the Decoy which is amazing & that Montepulciano is incredible! Well done Joe
  20. @darienadams4043: Drop the music levels please. Damn that's irritating

- SOAVE | WINE HISTORY DOCUMENTARY | Most beautiful village in Italy 2022 | Medieval Castle/Borghi: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to explore Bella Italia TV today we take a closer look to the hidden treasure of the village Suave [Music] my name is Julian and I travel around Italy to show you the most beautiful places in this country I just knew that Suave produces fantastic wine anyway the first time I visited Suave I was blown away by the dominating castle and the way how it's built I immediately knew that I want to know more about this place its history and the wine culture as I did some research I found out that this year 2022 Suave was rated as the best village in Italy because really here you have what we call La La La bellavita we have wine we have food we have history in art so really you come to Suave to relax you come here to enjoy the small things in life and I'm here because I'm curious before we dive deeper into the topic of the wine tradition I wanted to know from Sarah who is responsible for the tourist office in Suave about the history of suave itself what is interesting about the castle of suave is that differently from other castle that was in East Verona it it's the most well conservative because it was so important for strategy economics that no one destroyed it so you have to think that in the middle age this area was really important because it was a crossing of Roman streets the Via postumia and so at the end of in South so are there there was this big road used for a trade and for a lot of people were going here and it was also a place to check the north because from the north there could be invasions from you know German and North Europe so from soave till the mountain there are a lot of small Castle not mainly they don't exist but they were there and Suave was the first one so this is why it was so important as Fortress it was a military Fortress so it was a place to defend the people and the soldiers so once you visit the castle you see that there are three Courtyards it was a way to protect the inner part where you have a big tower two different people to run there in case of invasion the biggest battle that happened in Suave was called the Lega de cambre it was even one of the biggest battles in Italy the Liga de cambre was a military Collision against the Republic of Venice which took part in the year 1508. the walls around the village contains 24 Towers to protect the inhabits nowadays they are living about 600 people inside the walls the records shows us that 366 people died in this battle so you can imagine the losses they had to take when when has won the battle they give a big flag to Suave to show them the appreciation of their loyalty to the Republic of Venice still today on some special events they're hosting the flag in the middle of the village on a stick that's called antenna it's a piece of history that never got lost in the further generations of this strong Village okay this is the history inside the walls but I was curious if there's another interesting fact because Outside The Fortress are already living around 7 000 people so one thing to see that it's outside the walls so usually it's not so famous it's the Church of San Giorgio Saint George Church it's important because San Giorgio was a saint that the middle age in Italy was really really a lot of people were praying him uh because of ability to defeat the dragon the dragon was seen as evil and here in Suave what was evil in the middle age it was water the river they had a lot of problem with floods and this church dedicated to him you have a rib of a dragon so or if you go in the church and you look up you'll see it and it was something really that people at that time believed in to to defeative or they prayed him to Forever diseases or when they lost their home for for the water for the floods yeah of course it's not a dragon rib but it was a rib of a prehistoric animal that they found on the heels here but let's think it's a dragons a dragon that's Spitting Fire all day long will get thirsty at some point and so am I so let's talk about the wine but before we do that I want to thank our sponsor for today's episode the resort called the cavali where you can sleep in a castle just five minutes from Lake Garda and 40 minutes to the Village of suave you can find the link of this unique Resort in the description below without wasting any more time let's finally talk about the wine of suave I was lucky enough to get the appointment with matalina and Milena they both work for the Cantina di Suave and I even was able to take a closer look how the wine is produced my name is Milena I've been working for roccas VEVO Hospitality for almost five years and I've recently become a sommelier too so Rocca zweather is one of the seven production facilities of Cantina di Suave that actually is our mother company is a very long tradition because it was founded in 80 1998 nowadays Cantina di Suave has become one of the most important Cooperative wineries in Italy and abroad and has more than 6 000 actors of Vineyards and more than 2 000 wine members and wine Growers is the facility of Cantina di Suave where a very small selection of wines is produced imagine that every year we select about 50 wine Growers although more than 2 000 for producing these premium Lime Rock as Weber and the sparkling wines that we produce here so in the shadow of their Majestic medieval Suave Casto roquez was built and the galleries of rochasvea were built starting from a shelter of the second world war there was down here in the 40s so starting from this pre-existing part we started to dig in the late 90s and we created this town underground with thousands of barrique where our wines age for months and sometimes for years so actually when we started to dig across the Monte tender the very first project consisted in going on straight but a certain point we had to stop because we found out an obstacle that was and still is a water spring in the rock it started to be an obstacle but nowadays it has become a great presence of the nature because it helps us to have constant temperature cool temperature of course of 14 15 degrees always and a high humidity tax of around 80 percentage so it is the perfect ideal condition for the aging process of our wines so I think that Suave wine is really special to me because of its good balance I think that it's a wine that has a very good part of acidity freshness that is due to the topology of grapes of course the garganega and the climate condition where the garganega is cultivated but it has also a good part of softness of roundness that makes this one unique of course and the most important part for me of the analysis of a Suave wine is the bouquet because if you try to smell it it is an explosion of fruitiness blossoms flowers so it is very very fruity and you can enjoy the power of suave starting from the smelling and then going directly to the palette as far as Viva is our selection our premium line we try to apply some rules in order to keep higher qualitative standards so one of them is the hand picking of the grapes so we think that picking harvesting by hands preserve the quality of the grape starting from Day Zero basically then we deliver the grapes not in big containers but we use smaller ones that are called bins each bin contain about 200 kilos of grapes in order not to crush the grapes and not to make a very first fermentation start during you know the transportation between fields and cantina and Winery of course we have many more rules and guidelines to follow but of course it is top secret for us so Cantina disaware as in the last years renovated its entire production facility starting for example from the bottling line that can be considered actually one of the most technological even in Europe and I totally understand why I never saw a machine like this in my life before where I entered the filling facility I was blown away by its size the corks are flying above my head and everything is working completely automatic every bottle gets photographed to check the condition of the bottle in order to deliver high quality and what surprised me the most was the fact that the body land is splitted in two different lines one is more dedicated to the steel wines and the other one to the sparkling wines each hour we can produce up to 14 000 bottles in total 28 000 bottles per hour I mean just think about it 28 000 bottles of wine per hour that leaves me with the question who is drinking this amount of wine nowadays we export our wines all over the world uh in more than 60 countries actually one of the most important market for us is the north of Europe of course Germany United Kingdom Austria all the Netherlands and of course also Scandinavian countries are getting more and more important for us of course also United States has market for us as in the Years become more and more important and American people can enjoy our wives also at home and they more and more buy our wines so we can say that Suave can be considered a good amalgam of history with its medieval times and Castle wine tradition quality it can also be considered outstanding Garden because here we are surrounded by Rolling organic Vineyards so if you are a wine passionate a wine lover if you love drinking good wine come to Suave because you will find medieval history you will find a good glass of wine of course and you can come to visit us because it's worth it I totally agree I spent seven days in this Village and explored unique events lovely people and a lot of history about the wine tradition and the castle in short Sava is a hidden treasure that you should explore thanks for watching and see you next time on explore Bella Italia TV foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @lenakatharinabrandauer5781: 😍
  2. @creatorsergeant: It was a lot of fun working for this production!
  3. @bestofsardinia: 🍷🍇😍

- Story Time With Paul |  How Did Napa Become One of the World's Premier Wine Growing Regions?: Kind: captions Language: en fine wine is produced all over the state of california from as far south as los angeles where some of the very first vineyards was planted by spanish missionaries all the way up through santa barbara county into paso rolos up through the central coast into sonoma county and then as far north as mendocino and lake county you can find fantastic wines all over the state of california but how is it that one small little valley just 50 miles north of san francisco and 30 miles long has achieved such an incredible cache and status about it yes we're talking about napa valley napa valley is blessed with incredible weather they have absolutely perfect mediterranean climate for producing high quality grapes they also have an incredible diversity of soils in the valley their proximity to san francisco also has led to their success but these factors alone don't tell the whole story and i think as we usually do i think you have to look back at the history of a region to really understand how napa got to where it is today wild native vines grew in napa valley well before any european settler ever stepped foot in napa valley but in a gentleman named george yount actually emigrated from north carolina across the country was given a land grant and planted what is recognized as the first vineyard in napa valley in a place called yountville of all things imagine georgie out he goes to youngville no of course youngville was named after george yount after the fact about 10 years later something else pivotal happened to napa valley and that was the california gold rush what the gold rush did was it brought literally hundreds of thousands of people across the country to california in search of gold of course most of them did not discover gold or strike it rich on gold but many of the people that took this trek across the united states were european settlers who had a taste for wine in their culture already so there was a demand for wine in 1861 charles krug was credited with opening the first commercial winery in napa valley his winery was so successful that in the coming years a slew of wineries opened up so now in the 1880s napa valley's wine industry is booming it's actually booming almost too much because so many wineries opened up there was a surplus of grapes and great prices plummeted a bit but this was the least of their problems in 1890 the phylloxera plague struck napa valley what is phylloxera well phylloxera is this nasty little vine louse that lives in the soil and kills vines it took winemakers years to figure out how to solve the phylloxera plague basically they figured out that if they grafted european vines onto american rootstock the vine laos phylloxera doesn't eat the american root stocks that were growing there previously voila phylloxera is solved [Applause] but then things got even worse even worse in 1920 prohibition took effect and prohibition essentially outlawed the sale consumption or production of any alcoholic beverage including wine before 1919 there were 2500 wineries in operation throughout california a lot of them in napa by 1933 when prohibition finally ended there were less than 100 and those that survived were only surviving on a shoestring to make sacramental wine whenever we're talking about the history of an area there's always a couple of really key influential players one of those gentlemen is andrei chella chef andre celicheuf was a russian-born winemaker who was making wine in france and the owner of boulier vineyards george de la tour went to france looking for a winemaker to restart his winery chella chef came back agreed to be the winemaker at bullier vineyards and he was nothing short of transformational in what he brought to napa valley he brought back techniques that hadn't been used in napa before things like temperature controlled fermentation the use of oak barrels basically he brought chemistry and cleanliness to the wineries another very influential player in napa valley's wine scene was a name that we're all familiar with and that is robert mondavi and robert mondavi and his family actually purchased the charles krug winery back in the 1940s and robert and his brother peter were running the winery robert had a much greater vision for napa valley and he famously had a knockdown drag out fistfight with his brother they separated and in 1966 robert mondavi opened the first winery after prohibition in the napa valley mondavi was a great winemaker but more than that he was a brilliant marketer and really had a vision for napa valley that said napa can make wine that rivals any in the world if any single event can be credited with putting napa valley on the world stage it was the 1976 tasting of paris what was the tasting of paris well the tasting of paris was an idea that was thought up by a gentleman named steve spurrier steve spurrier was an englishman living in paris and he had a wine school so he thought this would be a good way to promote his wine school and it would also be a fun way to celebrate the bicentennial here in the united states so he decided to put the very best cabernet and chardonnays of france against the best wines that california produced in a blind tasting it was held in the international continental hotel in paris it was a bunch of judges they were all french sommeliers from some of the very best restaurants in paris and french wine writers so they have this blind comparative tasting and the unexpected happens the wine that wins the best chardonnay competition is chateau montelena chardonnay from napa valley the wine that wins the best cabernet with stagsleep wine cellars napa valley cabernet napa valley would never be the same after this today napa valley is home to over 550 wineries some of the most prestigious and sought-after and expensive wines in the world come from but not all napa valley wine has to be expensive one of my favorite cabernets that i've been drinking recently is jackie cabernet jackie cabernet comes from the oak knoll district the wine itself is fantastic rich full-bodied napa cabernet for a very affordable price and napa is not all just cabernet they produce fantastic chardonnay and really good sauvignon blanc as well one of my favorite sauvignon blancs right now is the gibb family sauvignon blanc gibbs is a really interesting story mr gibbs purchased this land back in the 1950s they just started making wine about 20 years ago which is why the gibbs family wines both cabernet chardonnay and sauvignon blanc are delicious and fantastic values check out a bottle of gibbs sauvignon blanc now that you know a little more about the history of napa valley and how it acquired its fame and fortune come visit us at one of our stores and check out our fantastic selection of napa valley wines or visit us at abcfws.com and check out some of our other videos [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kathieharine5982: Napa Valley was very nice in the 1950s and before.  Robert Mondavi was a salesman.

- The Don'ts of Napa Valley Wine Tours - It is way more than just Wine: Kind: captions Language: en hey the fellow Travelers we're here with Walters world today we're here in Napa Valley and today we're doing a tour through The Vineyards of Napa Valley and Sonoma Valley what I want to do is give you some of the don'ts if you're going to do some wine touring here in California especially Napa Valley and Sonoma Valley okay and I think the first thing I need to make sure you realize is don't be ashamed of the spit bucket okay if you're not sure what the spit bucket is you'll see where you're trying out wine sometimes they have a bucket on the table or on the side or they have it on the counter if you don't like the wine you can spit it there or if you're just tasting one you can just spit it there but some people are like I'm too embarrassed to I don't want to spit out that's gross no that that's whole part that's all part of the process you're here to experiment with new wines and some you're going to like and some I'll be honest aren't very good and it's okay to use that spit bucket so don't be ashamed by it okay because another thing you need to realize is don't think wine tastings are keggers look you may think I'm doing wine tasting I'm going to get schnockered it's going to be great we're having so much fun but honestly it's not don't expect the big pour they're pulling your small samplings of their wines so you get a taste of the wine okay so you have a little taste they talk about the wine you taste some more they talk about a little bit more then you okay you have some water you move on to the next thing but they're small pores now if you want a big pour you can go buy that okay but at the tastings you're not going to get schnockered because it really is little tastings like this okay and one of the things I really love about going to wine tastings is this and that is don't just stick to your old standbys you know you have the wines you love like I'm a Pinot Noir guy I love it but you know what when I go to tastings I can try the merlots I can try the calves I can try the chardonnays it gives me a chance to try other wines that I usually wouldn't buy a bottle at home where I wouldn't go out to a restaurant and have a glass I can try that when I'm here and I know some people say well I only drink Pinos I only drink cabs I only drink you know Shiraz or whatever but that's the thing is don't be stuck on this is what I drink this is your chance to experiment with wine and find other wines you might fall in love with so don't be afraid to try different wines now another donut I have for you is don't try to do all of the wineries like there's like 400 or 500 wineries between Sonoma and Napa you physically can't do them all like in your liver survive but what I mean by this is you know choose one two maybe three Vineyards you know while you're here per day to go and explore because you do more than that you're trying to take a lot of time of driving around and usually what you're going to do is spend about an hour to 90 minutes at each one of your locations each one of the wineries or do the tastings try things out go explore some of them you can hike around some of you can see artwork some of them you know you can do other things when you're there I mean family time some places like duh let dogs in all kinds of stuff but that's just it I don't want you to try to overdo it don't over plan it so I'm trying to do five wineries in a day or four wineries in a day do one or two or maximum three because you know they're not open the whole day night you know and we'll talk about that later but I want you to sit and enjoy because that's what these wineries are for they're there for you to enjoy the wine try it see if it's for you order it have it shipped home join a wine club whatever but that's something I want you to think about is really plan out where you want to go and and that's why it's important is don't forget to reserve your wineries okay because a lot of places they require reservations so you wanna make sure all those things are set up beforehand so you don't just show up and realize oh I don't get any wine no we've already got all our bookings taken care of especially during busy season now if you're here in the winter or you're here in like the early spring you usually you can walk up and you can figure something out but honestly in the summer on weekends and in the fall forget about it okay so make sure you're doing those reservations and talking about those Seasons I think another thing is important to realize is don't think there's a specific time you have to come to Napa Valley or Sonoma Valley because you can enjoy it all year round I mean it's open all year round sometimes we're more busy than others you know Summertime with all the tours that is a very peak season the fall when they're harvesting Grace and you get to see this smashing down the pressings of the graves that's really cool especially if you want to do a tour and learn how they make the wine the fall is the best time of course that's when it's the most full as well if you want more of a chill I just want to have a nice time when I'm here and not worry about a lot of people then you want to do winter or or spring that's going to be a better time for you to go because it really is a different vibe when you do come here with a ton of people or little people or different times of the year because right now look they're just budding right so it's like that early time in Spring you're like oh oh things are just getting going versus the hustle and bustle when they're picking and when they're stamping and stopping the graves and it's just impressing The Grapes I should say it does have a different feel when you do come here and when you are doing the wine tastings don't skip the towns in Napa Valley or Sonoma Valley there's all these little places you can go and visit I mean you can go to Sonoma Valley go to Sonoma and stay in the plaza there get some wine drinking the drink on the Plaza eat some great food because honestly don't worry about eating when you're here because there's so many great restaurants you know so that's a really awesome thing and one thing where they're going to be going to Napa or Sonoma you really need to make sure you don't forget to eat lunch but also don't think you can just wander in and get lunch you're gonna need to give yourself time because these places are so popular especially on the weekends that you might be waiting in line to go get your food so it's not one of these oh we'll just gonna stop for a half hour and eat it's gonna take time it's gonna take money and that's one of those things you want to plan that into your scheduling when you're doing the Wine Tours okay because you don't want to do the wine tours on an empty tummy okay because that's just that's getting badly for everybody so just be aware um there are some really great restaurants here so you don't have to worry about finding great restaurants it's just waiting for it so maybe look at reservations and to make sure you get something because yeah wandering around Sonoma Plaza is cool when you see all the food that's there but realizing that I only have an hour here I might not have time to get a grab a bite to eat so just want to give you a heads up for that also Sonoma State Historic Park you can check that out if you can't get in for lunch or if you're a nap I mean Napa itself is just a cool town to stay in and you can have a really nice time staying there and exploring the Napa Valley and all the wines that are here so that's just it go and see the towns as well the shops that are there there's cute Boutique shops there's fancier things there's Incredible Cool like things you don't see back home that's the cool shopping you can do when you're here and enjoy and it's not just enjoying the products of the grapes it's enjoying the products of the artists that live here and around this area that bring in their stuff I mean it's a really cool place to be and you can get so much more out of it and so don't just do The Vineyards do those towns as well so don't in terms of helping you with your budget or your purchasing if you find a Vineyard you really like you can become a member like join up to their wine club it's like a subscription wine where they'll send it to you but what's cool is if you do sign up then you get a discount on the wine you actually buy when you're here and if you're gonna buy a lot of wine that can really add up however I'll say this if you're not going to be buying the wine or you don't want this Wine Company to your house all the time it was just fine maybe don't buy the wine club membership maybe just go buy the wine at the shop okay another thing I think we need to realize when you come to wine tastings don't get in a hurry you know it's not like they come they bring it back to back to back they want you to savor the wines so they'll pour you a little poor you know and you kind of savor for a few minutes you know and then do that and they walk around they serve other people other things they come back ask you how the wine was what did you like what did you didn't like you know what didn't you like I should say one thing I recommend if you really want to figure out what wines are good for you make sure you actually like write down like take notes about the wines you're trying because that can really help another thing I have for you when you're going to Napa Valley Sonoma Valley when you're driving up here don't expect good cell service sending the pictures to your friend to make them jealous about your wine drinking probably isn't going to go through very quickly so just have a heads up for that download your instructions for your driving before you go just so you have it just so you're not like oh we lost signal and then you didn't know how to get your next Winery so get the map stop me put that in there so it works no matter where you are put in the addresses have everything saved so it makes it easy for you to get around because honestly sell this service around here in Sonoma Napa Valley is spotty you might be able to make calls but maybe you won't get data Sonoma Valley or Napa Valley is there a difference but I gotta tell you this don't think they're the same there are differences but the thing is you'll have a good time no matter which one you go to so don't feel pressured to go to one or the other I will say this I found Sonoma Valley to have smaller Vineyards much more like you're you're kind of closer with the people you're with whereas Napo seem to be bigger Vineyards with more stuff to do at The Vineyards um also in terms of prices I found Napa to be a bit more expensive than going to Sonoma the wines are great everywhere Sonoma is more Pinot whereas napas more cabs so you do have options where you go but both are fun but don't think they're the same because honestly Sonoma a bit more laid back I felt than Napa when you're going to The Vineyards in the tastings realize don't think it's just wine tasty when you go there some places you go you can go and explore yes you can go and explore The Vineyards you can walk among the vines and do that other places have artwork some places have just fantastic columns you can visit and wander through I mean there's a lot of stuff you can do these some have really nice Gardens so don't think it's just wine tasting okay you can actually have a very nice time when you're here and not be trying all these different wines so go and explore when you do come that's why you know I'll talk about this later but you want to have those good shoes to walk around so you can enjoy walking in the fields and just enjoying your time when you're here and helping you relax now my next down is really some bad news for you here don't expect free tastings when you come to Sonoma Valley or Napa Valley you will need to pay for those 35 to 50 per tasting is it uncommon you have food or you're going to nicer wineries it can be more a lot more okay so you need to be prepared for that so don't think there's gonna be free stuff when you're here so go and figure out what wineries you really want to go to to make sure that money goes as far as you'd like it to go because I got to tell you um I'll talk about this later don't think it's going to be a cheap stay okay now some other important things to know about wine tasty one don't expect the wine tastings to go during the night most wine tastings stop about five o'clock okay so this is more of a ten to five kind of thing it's more of a day job of drinking wine you know at the winery so be aware of that um so plan accordingly that's why usually are looking at doing one two maybe three you know wineries a days max you're gonna do is just it's a time kind of thing and don't think you can just show up okay most of the places actually do require you to have reservations so make a call especially when we come into the busy season like weekends during the summer and the fall or the summer basically anytime those are really really big times really busy times so once you know you're going to be coming here call up make your reservations so you actually know what Winery is going to go to and it's all set up because you don't want to come here and then not have a chance to actually go to wineries now you can still go to places like you can go here run the Sonoma Plaza and you can go to some of the wine stories here and get wine and drink here and stuff but if you want to have if there's winners you really want to go to reserve them once you know you're going to come and once you know which wineries you're going to go to this is the next stone I have for you don't mess around with Transportation look you're not drinking and driving okay don't do that make sure you're setting up that designated driver for who's going to be the DD for each day okay so they have a day that they're driving in a day that they're not driving so they can enjoy the wines so that's really kind of important thing but here's the thing you don't have to rent a car when you're here there's so much Transportation get you around the ride shares like uber and Lyft they will take you to any winery you want and here's what's cool you can actually schedule for them to pick you up because usually like I said you're going to spend about 60 to 90 minutes for a tasting you know every two hours you're arranging for a you know a different tasting you can have it already scheduled out where they come and pick you up perfectly and take you to the next one and you don't have to worry about that's why if you're going to be doing tours they kind of have you on a schedule hey we have to be here at this time and this time you know and they know when they need to leave because they know and so Transportation isn't really an issue once you have it set up but you know you don't want to mess around with that and when you're going around to the wineries don't be a snob like a wine stub oh I knew my mind I only drink French wine I'm only a South African Wine Drinker no you're here to learn you can learn so much what's cool the somaliers here and the guides that are here are so cool and talking about why the wine is like that why does California make such great wine why is this region so good for it and they really help you learn it helps you appreciate the wine way more than just a way to get drunk or a way to enjoy time with my friends that's one of the things I really like about it is all that you learn here but I have seen some people are like oh I already know Ryan I don't need to listen to this this pity pity no no be open to Wine okay be open to learn don't close your mind when you come here and even though I'm in the Sonoma Valley right now I think another thing is important um if you're gonna be doing Napa Valley don't forget forget about the Napa Valley Wine Train it's literally it's like a 36 mile like round trip and there's multiple stops on the way at different Vineyards I mean you're on a train it takes you to the different wineries it's set up perfectly there's half day and full day tours you can do and that's one of those cool things like I don't have to deal with anything I don't have to worry about anything it's all right there there's no traffic there's no worries it's just right there so that makes it a really kind of fun thing to do especially if you're here by myself you know it makes a little bit more fun because you get to meet other people but also it takes the worry and the concern out so the Wine Train can be a fun option for you when you're here as well and the thing is it doesn't matter where you go if you go to Sonoma Valley or if you go to Napa Valley there's there's something you need to realize don't expect to be cheap anywhere you do go from food shopping accommodation Transportation it is not a cheap thing to do that's why you want to take the cheaper opportunities when you can like here in snowmob on Sonoma Plaza and you actually drink wine here on the Plaza so you'll see people having picnics with the wine they bought lot cheaper than doing tastings and things and drinking here and enjoying there so find the little things that can make a difference come during the middle of the week versus the weekends that might have accommodation of a lower price but there's little things you can do to bring down the overall price one of those things you can do to actually help you save a little bit of money when you're here and it's also a safety kind of thing is don't forget to bring some bottled water with you when you're going to be going to the wine taste that you're going to be going around doing the hikes and stuff around here because you will get dehydrated not just from the Sun and the warmth and the hiking and the walking around but also from the wine you need to drink at least as much water as you do wine to help for your head but also for the dehydration kind of thing so do have that I know I brought four bottles of water with me for my tastings just so I can keep having water rhyme here and the shops around here the water is a lot more expensive if you're in San Francisco just go to the CVS and go buy some so pick up some water before you come and bring that with you and another thing you can do if you're going to be doing like a day trip here or a half day trip don't forget to have a really good breakfast before you come because not every tasting place will have snacks for you we'll have food for you I mean you can go to ones that are more expensive that have Tasties like food tastings to go along with the wine tastings but no like have that big breakfast help you get through the day also you can tell the people that don't have breakfast because they get a little tipsy a little quick when they are doing their wine tastings so just be safe with that have that breakfast bring some snacks with you just in case to keep you you know more or less on the right track for your next line tasting now some Packing Tips when you're going to be coming here to Sonoma Valley or Napa Valley one don't forget to pack some five tens and twenties for tipping look if you're gonna do a wine tour you're gonna tip 10 to 20 percent of your overall tour cost you're gonna tip that so I have a 20 to tip for my half day tour so I have that already kind of with me because a lot of stuff you pay you know venmo or you can pay and go Apple pay but when it comes to tipping whether it's at a tasting or a guide they prefer cash okay so have some cash with you so pack some tens and 20s because remember I said it's not going to be a cheap thing here so factor that in also make sure you're packing layers because if you're staying in San Francisco and you're coming up here it's going to be a very different climate Okay and when you're starting in the morning it might be cold and you need your quarter zip now it's starting I mean you can see it's High Noon that's here now I'm gonna be taking this off because I'm going to be sweating here in no time flat so have layers and realize you want to be comfortable when you're here so have a quarter zip have a sweater have you know a pull over something in your backpack that you can put on later or earlier in the day because honestly this is more of a layers thing this is not Southern California this is Northern California and layers are key and another key thing for you to get the most out of your tastings don't drink coffee don't smoke any cigarettes don't be getting anything really sweet like mint gum or candies or whatever before you go into the Tasties because it'll play with your tongue and you want to try all these different wines that are going to be here and for you to know what they really taste like you don't want anything that kind of distracts from your smell and your taste so like perfumes you don't want to have a lot of perfume on you don't want to be smoking you don't want to be chewing a lot of like candies and stuff that really can't mess with it so just remember that okay and then there's this don't feel you have to go to multiple wineries in a day if you don't want to now I know I talked about doing one to three a day but honestly if you find one you just want to stay at you want to walk their Gardens you just want to enjoy your time there with the view and the people you can do that okay you don't have to go explore all kinds of stuff literally if you're here in Sonoma you can just come to the plaza drink your wine here with your friends have a picnic with them and enjoy yourself without doing all the other stuff that goes along with it there are tons of groups around here in the park that are just enjoying themselves whether at a fountain at a picnic table just having that and enjoying that instead of going out to five ten different tastings over a few days you really can just kind of stay here chill drink your wine and have a good time so I hope this helps you know a bit more about what to expect when you come for a wine tasting here in Sonoma Valley in Napa Valley outside San Francisco if you want to learn more maybe the dumps of San Francisco or what to eat when you're in San Francisco check us out on our website at waltersworld.com and I'll say bye from here in Sonoma Valley

  Top Comments:
  1. @krcal3020 [1 likes]: We live about 1 hour from Napa and visit Napa/Sonoma a couple of times a year. We like to go mid week in the winter.  The wineries are empty and the staff have more time to chat. I like to get recommendations for restaurants and other wineries. There are countless tiny family run places with amazing wines that you’ll never find unless you are looking for them. You can call ahead and ask about a reservation. Also, my husband and I will often share a tasting to save money and how much we can try. Finally, there are tasting rooms in some towns (like Healdsburg) that are open later than 5 pm.
  2. @guitar911rock [1 likes]: If i stay just in napa can i get around only using uber?
  3. @lg98756 [1 likes]: This is the best video I’ve watched that gives good advice for a Napa and Sonoma trip.
  4. @jeffvansloten1897 [1 likes]: If you want the best wines go to Howell Mountain wineries. Smaller and more exclusive
  5. @jeffvansloten1897 [1 likes]: A tip. Sonoma wineries are more fruit forward where most Napa and Howell Mountain wines are more tannin forward. The more you know…..
  6. @Happyjoy-b9q: Please take a breath and slow down …….😊
  7. @VoidDWG: 11:08 - this is the camera angle you want. You're not cutting off the tip of your head.
  8. @blancavillasenor1835: Do you have any recommendations for parents that are taking their kids? Any fun things we can do as a family ?
  9. @fourthgirl: If visiting during summer and fall check for events in the area. Many roads are 2-lane and traffic will not move.
  10. @jmb-md2mz: I am a winegrower in France in Burgundy. This guy doesn't know anything about wine. If he continues to eat hamburgers, it's better for him
  11. @madocokaikoi3464: Great video with practical tips from someone who has actually experienced Napa Valley tours.
  12. @SouthernGent44: Lots of rain in Napa this November, but still beautiful.
  13. @jlh9910: U dont spit in the bucket thats gross.. you just take a small sip if you dont care for it you pour the rest of the glass in the Pour bucket  this is not the old west and a tobacco spittoon :)
  14. @EthanKingTV: Very helpful. Thank you!
  15. @denisevulliet7332: Great advice 👍
  16. @CheeseBae: "You're not going to get schnockered, the tastings are only like this: 🤏"
You sir, are overestimating my liver.
  17. @thehapagirl92: For my 21st birthday I went up to SF and stopped in Napa and did a wine tour. I hate alcohol and the wine tour was a waste of money. But then I found a cute vintage store and bought a velvet dress I still have 11 years later
  18. @DHP1771: Great video! ❤ Can you recommend a Napa Valley vineyard in the Fall picking season that showcase the production process..for 1st timer?
  19. @jeffvansloten1897: Pour the wine into spit bucket. Don’t actually spit in the bucket..
  20. @daveatsixsixsix: The north end of Napa valley is generally a little less busy and has more smaller, less corporate vineyards. Pretty much St. Helena and north.
Also quite surprised that Calistoga didn’t get a mention. Definitely notable due to number of hot mineral spring hotels and resorts. Also just a bit more chill and affordable than the rest of the valley though even Calistoga is getting more expensive and upscale every year.

- Napa Wineries: 3 Insider Secrets Tourists Never Discover. #napa: Kind: captions Language: en Look, I spent 5 years visiting Napa Valley three to four times a year. That's almost 20 trips of trial, error, and discovery. and I'm about to share three game-changing insider experiences that most visitors never discover, even after a dozen trips. You're going to experience Napa like someone who actually gets it. Hi, I'm Ahmed, and today Curated Globe is going to look at the wonders of Napa Wineries, but not the way you're expecting. Here's something wild. Most people visit Napa Valley completely wrong. They bounce between random wineries, drop hundreds unforgettable tastings, and leave feeling like they miss something. So, we're going to decode how Napa actually works. Because once you understand the rhythm of wine country, you can create an experience that's completely yours. Whether this is your first time visiting Napa Valley or you're back for round five. Okay, first thing. Napa Valley is basically shaped like a guitar neck. About 30 mi long. You've got two main roads, Highway 29, which is the main artery, and Silverado Trail, the quieter parallel route. Most visitors stick to Highway 29 and wonder why traffic is brutal on weekends. Meanwhile, Silverado Trail is right there, connecting the same towns with way less congestion. Now, each area has its own vibe. Youngville, that's your polished restaurant heavy zone. St. Helena brings the old money charm. Kalisogga up north, it's more laid-back and these hot springs if you need a wine break. And Carneros down south stays cooler. Perfect for pino lovers who wilt in heat. The thing is the valley is bigger than it looks on maps. You're not hitting Carneros and Kalisoga in the same afternoon unless you're enjoy your wine with a side of road rage. Every winery in Napa falls into one of four personalities, and mixing them up is key to keeping your day fresh. You've got your grand estates. Think castles, formal tours, the whole theatrical experience. Those are your Instagrams waiting to happen, but they can feel a bit staged. Then there's the boutique gems. We're talking tiny production, maybe the wine makers pouring your tasting. You'll hear stories about their grandfather's vines while trying wines you can't get anywhere else. The modern innovators bring contemporary architecture and experimental wines. glass, steel, and cabernets aged underwater or whatever they're trying this year. And the historic legends, these multi-generational families who've been making wine since before your parents were born. These places have stories in the wall. Most people accidentally book three grand estates in a row and wonder why they're exhausted. Mix it up. Start grand, go intimate, finish modern. Your pallet and your patience will thank you. Let's talk about what a Napo Valley wine tasting actually looks like these days because things have changed. First off, the drop-in culture is dead. Almost everywhere requires appointments right now, especially on weekends. When you arrive, you're usually choosing between a standard tasting, and that's four to six wines at a bar or a table, or an elevated experience with food pairings, maybe a vineyard tour, maybe a cave visit. Fees run from reasonable to outrageous. Here's what nobody tells you. Those fees rarely go toward your purchase anymore unless you're joining the wine club. Oh, and that person pouring the wine, they're not just there to fill glasses. Ask questions. What's their favorite wine nobody orders? Which vineyard block surprise them this year? That's when the tastings really get good. If you're still watching, you're probably already more prepared than most people rolling into Napa tomorrow. All right, let's get tactical. The magic number for Napa, three wineries per day. I know you're thinking like you flew all the way here and you want to hit everything. But trust me, after three tastings, your pallet is shot and everything just tastes like, well, wine. Start with the biggest, most formal experience at 10:00 a.m. when you're fresh. Hit your intimate boutique spot at lunch and many will let you even bring food or have a great picnic setup. Then cruise to something easy and relaxed for the afternoon when you just want to sip and enjoy the view. Let's do a transportation reality check. You need a plan. The designated driver always ends up miserable. Tours can feel like wine prison with strangers and Ubers get expensive fast. Best move? Stay somewhere central and limit your geographic ambitions. Beyond the tasting rooms, there's this whole other layer to Napa that people miss. cave tours where you're actually tasting right next to the barrel in candle lit tunnels. Production tours during harvest when everything smells like fermentation. Some places even let you blend your own wine or prune wines in the winter. And those vineyard walks. Sometimes they're free and better than any paid tasting. Pack some cheese, grab a bottle from the shop, and find a spot between the vines. That's Napa at its best. No crowds, no schedule, just you and the landscape. So, we've covered how to navigate the valley, choose your wineries, and find hidden experiences. But now, time for those three insider secrets I promised. After all my trips, these are the ones that are still my favorites. Secret number one, if you want the ultimate wine cave experience, book the cave tour at Rambau. You're descending into these caves that stretch into the hillside. The temperature drops, candle light flickers off the wall, and you're tasting Chardonnay right next to the barrel while surrounded by thousands of sleeping bottles. It's like stepping into a wine cathedral. Secret two, Chateau Montelina has these jaw-dropping Chinese gardens that most people completely miss. But here's the insider move. Become a member and you can book a private picnic on an actual island in their lake, and it's gorgeous. You can bring your own spread or order their basket and you're sitting where history was made. This is the winery that put Napa Wineries on the global map when their 1973 Chardonnay shocked the world by beating French wines in the 1976 Judgment of Paris. Yeah, this is the place from the movie Bottle Shock. All right, secret three. Everyone knows Thomas Color's The French Laundry in Yaville. Three Michelin stars, impossible reservations, mortgage your house prices. But Keller also has Buchanan Beastro and Buchanan Bakery right there in Yanville. Same obsessive attention to detail, same incredible flavors, but you can actually get a table and afford dinner. These Bonan cookies, they're going to ruin you for other cookies. Look, Napa Valley wine tasting isn't cheap, but there are ways to be strategic. Some wineries wave fees with a minimum purchase, like usually two bottles. If you're buying wine anyway, target those places. Wine clubs sound like a commitment, but if you visit even once a year, the math often works out. Free tastings for you and guests, discounts on bottles, access to limited releases. Plus, you can usually customize shipments or even skip them. If you join the wine club before you book your visit, the tastings may be free and in a private membersonly area. Timing wise, harvest in September and October is electric but packed. Winter brings empty tasting rooms and actual conversations with wine makers. Spring, those mustard flowers between the vines are unreal. Summer is classic Napa, golden. And yes, it is crowded. Here's what we're going for. You're standing in a hillside vineyard as the late afternoon light turns everything gold. The fog starting to creep in. Your glass catches the light. And suddenly you realize this isn't about collecting winery visits like passport stamps. It's about finding your own rhythm in this place. Maybe that's exploring Rambar's caves and lunch at Buchon. Maybe it's a morning at Chateau Montalina and an afternoon hiking through the vines. Once you stop trying to do Napa and actually start experiencing it, the whole valley opens up. So there you have it. Three insider secrets that took me years to discover, plus the framework to create your own Napa days. You now know how to read the valley, mix up your winery choices, and find those experiences that most visitors completely miss. If this helped decode wine country for you, hit that like button. It genuinely helps other travelers find this. Subscribe for more travel intelligence that goes way beyond the obvious. And hey, stop by curated globe.com. We've got both paperback and ebook travel guides ready for your trip planning. Cheers and peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jtull001: Thanks for making this video!! Currently planning a Napa trip and this has been the most informative and helpful video. Do you consider the historic wineries "intimate/boutique"?

- Wine 101 - BORDEAUX BASICS in 4 Minutes: Maps, Grapes, and Labels!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in this video we're going to map out Bordeaux talk about what styles of wine are made there and how to read a Bordeaux wine label this is part of our full Bordeaux episode where I took an aerial tour of the region which is why I'm in a plane for this segment and definitely watch a full episode if you have time but for now here's Bordeaux 101. while I'm getting my tour of the region allow me to give you yours Borneo runs along the 45th parallel which is known as one of the great wine making lines of latitude in the world this parallel also runs through parts of the Rhone Valley Piedmont and the Willamette Valley in Oregon the largest AOC in Bordeaux is simply that the Bordeaux AOC for the base level of Bordeaux AOC The Grapes can come from anywhere in Bordeaux and the rules are pretty minimal there's also a bunch of subcategories but just know that this level has the most flexibility next level is Bordeaux Superior these wines can also come from anywhere in Bordeaux but have stricter requirements for the grapes and aging okay now let's get to the real fun stuff the commune aocs here at the top level there are fairly strict Geographic and quality controls in place there are two main parts to Bordeaux the Left Bank and the right bank if you only take away one thing from this entire conversation remember this places in the Left Bank or the left side of the river make Cabernet sauvignon-based Blends and places on the right Bank make merlot-based Blends got it good now while there are 65 different aocs in Bordeaux there's a few worth calling out the Left Bank is the most well known for the madok homemadeok and grav Within These ALCS you'll find the five most famous communes that produce all the wines we talked about earlier in the 1855 classification on the right Bank you have equally famous Merlot producing communes pomerol and sentimilion Where the River splits is the aptly named Entre dumer which means between two tides and is known for its dry wines from sauvignon blanc and semione blends you have sautern and barsac famous for their botrytus dessert wines from semiyon and finally you've got the laid-back Cote de Bordeaux with your five Appalachians spread across the region that produce all colors and styles if a wine happens to have a classification of some sort it's in addition to these location-based aocs so let's do a few actual examples with bottles check out this label the Chateau name is the producer homemadeok is the AOC or the place where the wine was made since we know homemadeok is on the Left Bank we know this is a Cabernet Sauvignon based blend the crew Bourgeois is a special classification awarded in addition to the commune designation let's do another the producer is the Chateau Santa Milian is the place and since we know it's on the right bank it's a merlot-based blend with more specific quality controls and Grand Cru Class A is a classification awarded in addition to the commune designation the more labels you see the more it makes sense there are a bunch of smaller communes all over Bordeaux that have plenty of Great Value wines as well you might have to do some Googling at first to learn their names but that's okay I do it too all right I'd say it's time to get back on land and somewhere I'm a little more comfortable hey Vince here I hope you learned a little bit about Bordeaux and if you want to learn more about Bordeaux go check out our full episode which is available here or on our page as well as our other episodes because they're all pretty fun see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnaRaquelCaldas [6 likes]: I've seen the full video. Worth every second!
  2. @winesynths [4 likes]: There is a mistake in the map at 2:29! Sauternes AOC is only the small green part on the left bank of the Garonne. The sweet wines of the right bank are part of the Entre-Deux-Mers: St-Croix-du-Mont, Loupiac, Cadillac. And you find some sweet wines in the Premieres-Côtes. These are, in general, not vinified in Barriques as opposed to classic Sauternes.🥂
  3. @onsmezni [3 likes]: Thank you for the video
Come and discover the culture of wines in Tunisia, its history since Carthage .... there are the roads of the vineyards ... I can give you the contact of a good guide if you are interested
  4. @sypialnia_studio [2 likes]: You took a plane to make sense of Bordeaux but didnt care to learn proper pronouciation of the world renown names. That sauvignon blanc with audible K really hurts the soul...
  5. @sommvibes [2 likes]: Fun and informative as always . . . Bravo!!
  6. @fedegiove [2 likes]: great as always, bravo!  just today I was preparing the marketing material of a Bordeaux Superior and Medoc Cru Bourgeois ;)
  7. @trevorc6020 [1 likes]: Hello! I am a level one sommelier at one of the nicest restaurants in Denver and I just wanted to add:

NOT ALL REDS COMING OUT OF MEDOC OR HAUT MEDOC (left bank) are cab dominant blends. We have a bottle that’s from left bank, haut Medoc, and it is a Merlot based blend!!!!
  8. @PapaGabo [1 likes]: Thank you 

great video, great quality, great value, i love bordeaux very much
  9. @CypressTree2 [1 likes]: Excellent!
  10. @matthiasthym7431: Can you make the same about Luxembourg's Moselle Wines?
  11. @oskarhjerpe667: This vid is good. just like uiniversety. wtf. like be in class. :D thx dude.
  12. @PolvenjosadamKimpoljos: Highlighting audience comments in videos strengthens loyalty
  13. @LilianaCarter-f2j: Every second was worth it.

- Bordeaux: The Don'ts of Visiting Bordeaux, France: Kind: captions Language: en hey there fellow Travelers Mark here with Walters world and today we're here in Bordeaux France you know Bordeaux you've heard of the wine right well today what we have for you are the don'ts of The Zing Bordeaux okay and my first dome for you and this is because Bordeaux is so synonymous with wine that sometimes people forget that there's more than just wine here in Bordeaux and that's why it's the first don't don't think that Bordeaux is Just Wine yes there's lots of Vineyards you can see and there's a city of wine you can go to and learn about life but for me it's the history of this city and the architecture all around that just makes it a fantastic place to visit the historic Center is a UNESCO world heritage site you can go see the cathedral you can climb up the tower outside to go get a great view of the downtown the gates around the city that were part of the old walls are fantastic to see some you can go up some have churches on the side some have museums buy them the museums that are here you can learn about the Aquitaine region when you're here the Museum of bull art for the art the Contemporary Art Museum which is literally just right over the there there's so much to see and do when you're here that it's not just about wine when you're here so don't think it's just wine which is why I think a lot of people might skip it but there's so much more to it than that so come see the museums see the city go down St Catherine's a shopping street enjoy off when you're here because this is a great place to visit and when you're walking around there's one place you don't want to skip out I'm going to say it this way don't worry about getting your feet wet when you go to La La ball so the place because they have What's called the water mirror or mirror of water and basically what it is is there's like a fountain water area that's right across from Plusle boss and what's great is it fills up with just a little bit of water and makes this beautiful beautiful reflection that you'll see tons of pictures on I'm sure if you look at if you're watching this on YouTube You'll see other videos about Bordeaux and I bet they have Placido boys at night with the lights on reflecting off the water it's really cool but don't worry about getting your feet wet take your shoes off and go through it kind of goes up every Cup every I don't know 20 minutes or so and the thing is when you do it it starts you know the water goes away and then this Mist comes up out of it and it's like an instagramer's dream you'll see people getting downloaded get that picture I mean I did the same thing our kids were running around and enjoying it was just really really cool and then the missed parts and you're standing there then you see water trickling out from underneath and then it starts filling up more and more and you're like wait I still have my shoes on if you gotta run out before it fill something get your shoes wet but don't worry about that take your shoes off and enjoy it and if it's in one of those hot summer days you can't get to the beach which is an hour away why not cool off a little bit there with the kids it is a really cool experience when you are here now the third donut I have for you is don't worry about accommodation when you're here on Bordeaux if you want to rent a whole house they have that if you want to get a chateau outside of town you can get that if you want to get an apartment for seven people like we did downtown you can get that they've got hotels they've got cheap accommodation there's accommodation for every budget for every size of group they have it all here and it's really great for tourist I didn't have to worry about finding a place because it was something for everybody which is awesome now my next stone for you when you come to Bordeaux is don't get in a hurry when you're here in Bordeaux especially when it deals with food and I know in general France doesn't have the the quickest service reputation kind of thing and here in Bordeaux it seems to be that we're farther south it slows down even more but don't worry because the food is fantastic the wine is fantastic and the people are fantastic like really really fantastic it's just that the service is a little slow because they're making that fantastic food for you so it's okay so make sure you don't get upset if it takes a while to get seated to get your menu to get your drinks ordered to get your drinks well actually they're pretty fast bringing your wine I'll give you I'll give them that one but just know you're gonna have to have some patience so take time if you're gonna go out for lunch realize it's going to take you some time okay so have that and and realize sometimes you want to go to some of these intricate places that their famous is for you might need to wait in line to get in to enjoy it okay so have some patience don't get in a hurry when you're here but don't worry you'll enjoy when you're not hurrying doing things now my next note for you I was trying to figure out the right way to say this I would say like don't forget to bring a bigger belt or don't forget to bring suspenders because you're going to eat so much you're going to expand your belt won't work anymore but I think I'm just gonna go for this don't skip the oysters look the food here in Bordeaux is fantastic I mean this could be the best Food City in France and that's a bold statement to make and it's earned its weight in its food I mean the gas Anatomy here is fantastic and yes the wine you will just fall in love with but for me the meats you have here this Seafood you'll have here the bordele sauce with the shallots and the wine and everything is just so good but the thing is with the real real thing that we've loved and Jocelyn wants me to make sure she tells you to have is half the oysters from here in Bordeaux they are just spectacular and you will eat so well in your hair here so don't ever worry about that and maybe don't forget the suspenders because the belt ain't gonna work anymore now my next dome for you has to do with all the wine and that is don't skip out on doing a wine tour when you're here now the thing is I know if you're a tourist you might only be here for a weekend that's okay they have day trips you can go see a bunch of wineries they have half day trips so you can go see like a couple Wineries and some of the historic towns and chateaus around the city you can do that the tourist information can even set them up for you so that's one of those things you don't want to miss out on and if you want to spend a couple weeks here you can spend a couple weeks visiting multiple Vineyards every day because there are hundreds of them when you are here now I do have another dome for you is if you are going to be visiting The Vineyards around here don't forget to call and make reservations because it's not one of these like just stroll up and walk in things usually you might have to you need to have the reservations because some of them don't take gas every day they might only have it like once or twice a week or something like that so do be ahead now another donut I have for you to deal with the wine is don't worry if you can't get to The Vineyards you can still learn about why when you're here the seat Duval which is right down the river that way take the beach Ram shoe goes right there really amazing modern museum that teaches you about the technical history of wine or how wine is produced you can learn anything and everything you've ever wanted to know and maybe not want to know about wine production there and then of course you can you know get some wine while you're there as well so there is that now my next done for you is don't forget to bring a good pair of walking shoes because the Bordeaux historic Center has got so much to see and so much to walk around and visit from gates to the churches to the cathedral there's all those things I talked about the beginning you can walk to all of them and the thing is they have St Catherine Street which is the largest or I should say longest pedestrian shopping street in Europe like when you look at it you're like oh my God is that the end like the kids didn't believe me I'm like no guys it's not a mirage this street really goes that far and you're gonna walk a lot and so your feet are gonna be your dog's gonna be barking your feet are going to be hurting if you don't bring some good shoes to walk around okay also it doesn't hurt to have some good walking shoes if you're going to go up the tower outside the cathedral for review because those 320 some steps yeah good shoes are vital okay now don't worry if you're not a big Walker I've got a dope for you here is don't skip out on using the buses or trams because the buses and trams there's a great public you know Transportation Network here in Bordeaux you can use the tram goes by quite often I mean it'll take you out to situ vong you can get there after there from there it'll get you to the Bordeaux Saint John the main train station it will take you there it will drop you off in the center you will easily get around where the trams don't go the buses will go which is awesome and kind of leaning off of that another donut I have for you is don't feel that you really have to get like the the Bordeaux pass or the Bordeaux Metro pull pass you know the they always the cities always have the past it gives you entries to a lot of museums and free public transportation I don't know if it's really worth the price for that because Bordeaux is so walkable and there's so much stuff to see that it might be easier just to buy your one ticket at the seat of on and back and do that then spay the price for the the tickets or the date passes or two day pass or three-day passes doing that okay so make sure you kind of add it up and see because you're going to be going to a lot of museums it could be worth it but the city itself is such a great museum you might not want to see as many museums you just want to take in the city and you don't necessarily need that pass now my next stone for you is don't forget about the river and the canal tourists look you can take a river cruise when you're here you can take Canal cruises that'll go to different venues when you're here so go speak to the tourist information to set one up or you can look them up online but it's a really fantastic thing I know Johnson is begging us to go in one of those Canal tours with to go to the vineyard so I think we're going to come back here for a couples trip just her and I maybe a couple friends to come here without the kids to do those but it is one of those things you can really enjoy because walking along the riverfront here you can take the boat cruises but have even if you can't do the boats or canals just walking along the river is gorgeous with the architecture here so you're going to win out if you don't even get on a boat now my next deal for you is don't forget to get out of the city and the thing is you don't just have to go to Vineyards you can go see chateaus that are out there throughout the area you can go to cinemilion which is a UNESCO world heritage site with the cobblestone streets the beautiful church I mean it's that gorgeous old world you know French Village kind of thing you can do that maybe you want to hit the beach and see you know the largest sand dune in Europe they have that about an hour away you can visit so don't just stay in Bordeaux get out and I do recommend renting a car so you can go see those things though public transportation will take you to most the places It's just sometimes easier to have you know your own transportation and if you're doing The Vineyards and you're doing a bunch of Vineyard tours have a designated driver when you are going around okay now my next dome for you has to deal with if you're going to be coming from Paris and that is don't wait to buy your tickets okay because the trains to Bordeaux from Paris on the weekends they booked out okay so if you want to come Sunday anytime Sunday those tickets are booked up you cannot do last minute unless you get like a really late train or something like that you need to book those tickets early because it's a really popular destination for people coming from Paris I mean for the weekend and stuff like that so Fridays Sundays holidays always book your tickets early because those tgv trains they only sell seat reserve seats right so once all the seats the reserve seats are taken you can't get on the train okay you can't get a ticket so have a heads up for that and my last dome for you is don't think just because Bordeaux is in the very corner of France you should skip it because I know a lot of people when they come to France Bordeaux doesn't come on their list because they look on a map of France and they see Bordeaux in the very south west corner like man I have to kind of go down there and then come back to go someplace else I don't want to do that I want to see more things look Bordeaux itself is worth a lot of your time and this whole region aquitain is worth a lot of your time so don't skip it just because it looks like it's hidden in the corner of France it shouldn't be hidden in your tourist itinerary because the town and the region are gorgeous okay so I hope you enjoyed this don't list I hope it helps you have a better time when you come here and don't worry you will enjoy the wine you will enjoy the food the history the culture The Vineyards The Chateau everything you're gonna love it because Bordeaux is fantastic anyway if you want to learn more hit that subscribe button we put out new travel videos every Wednesday and Saturday I want to say thank you to all our members subscribers everyone that helps support us it means the world to us and we'll say bye from here in Bordeaux

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chodard [4 likes]: I lived in Bordeaux for many years I have seen the city revive in the late 90s early 2000s, I cannot think of a better city in France, open, accessible, lively, and beautiful. Haussmann who completely redesigned Paris in the 1880s was a former governor of Bordeaux, he admittedly took inspiration from Bordeaux for the Paris rebuild.
  2. @geometric75 [1 likes]: Great informative video, thank you. Taking my family next week some your video has given me plenty of ideas of where to visit. As we're not big  drinkers, I'm glad there's much more than the wine
  3. @malthuswasright: Don't forget the other wine museum in Bordeaux - Cite du Vin is great, but there's a tiny wine museum in Chartrons that is really good, and because it's smaller it's more personal.  Otherwise this is bang on - I've just come back from a long weekend there and it was fantastic.  Except they don't switch the fountains on in February so the reflecting pool was a huge disappointment!  The other don't for me is don't just come for a weekend.  There is far too much to do!.
  4. @1hoseeman: Good walking shoes, yes. But also start a walking regimen a few weeks before you arrive. I've witnessed so many tourists become quickly fatigued after a few blocks after departing their tour bus.
  5. @13c11a: Very helpful. Thank you.
  6. @steventheartist7667: Excellent info
  7. @donnaandre7633: can you bring a 14 year old on a wine tour?
  8. @NathalieBruneteauJoseph: thank you for being so enthusiatic about my home town!
  9. @hollaback2821300: Great Video. I appreciate the wealth of information. What site do you use to book your rental accommodations when in Bordeaux or other European cities?
  10. @Jaslittleflower: Great recommendations! May I ask about the safety of Bordeaux especially for a family with young kids? Which areas to avoid? Where’s best to stay for families?
  11. @rjh2772: is Bordeaux a affordable place to retire
  12. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Is tax refund paid in cash at Bordeaux airport like at Paris ?
  13. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Hi is a 10 journey ticket a good idea for 5 days in Bordeaux ? We are 2 persons
  14. @vermeervanbremen3306: Don't go to Bordeaux
  15. @user-bf8ku9ei9g: Is it a safe city also area around Palais 2 l'Atlantique
  16. @liamk6900: Watched this and booked a flight.
  17. @greerwilson9561: Super helpful friend. We’re heading to Bordeaux on Wednesday with friends!
  18. @MrMaddog1278: Did you ask them what comes out the foggy mirror
  19. @richardsingh5827: I want to go there
  20. @anthonymorales842: never been to france when i do Bordeaux is first on the list

- Intro to Bordeaux Wine | Wine Folly: Kind: captions Language: en bordeaux is one of those rhine regions you kind of must know if you're interested in wine because so much of the wines that we drink today are influenced by this french wine region in fact some of the most collectible and expensive wines in the world come from this region but what makes bordeaux great goes well beyond these exclusive bottlings and i'd like to show you four wine styles you must know from bordeaux so i want to give you a little bit of a quick and dirty history on bordeaux to give you a little bit more context of what's going on here so bordeaux it's located on the western side of france along the water there's a major river there called the garonne which makes bordeaux a shipping port vineyards were first established here during the roman times and it was when the dutch controlled the region in the 1600s that they drained all the marshlands and made them more suitable to plant vineyards this is when these amazing chateaus started popping up and filling the region with vineyards and they would make the wines and sell them the city of bordeaux to merchants called negociants who would ship the wines internationally what's crazy about this region is that the grape variety cabernet sauvignon which is the most planted popular grape variety in the world first appeared in bordeaux by the 1800s bordeaux was well established as a wine producing region making red wines and sweet wines and if you knew a thing or two about how to buy bordeaux you would look at the areas within bordeaux for quality these areas now called appalachians are where we find quality still today another thing that happened during this time period in 1855 napoleon ordered wineries be classified based on their quality level that classification system still stands today and the five top wineries in that classification are essentially the five most expensive wines in bordeaux of course bordeaux is a massive region it's like six times the size of napa valley so you're gonna find a lot more wine and a great affordable wine here too so i have four styles of wine that sort of communicate the wealth and the breadth of wine that is made here and it's what you should look for if you're looking to taste bordeaux on your own let's dive in the first one you should probably try from bordeaux is definitely a red wine from the medoc region this area has many sub appellations and while there are the most expensive wines found here in bordeaux you'll also find some great value this wine for example is a well aged over 10 year old bottle of wine that i picked up for about 30 let's give it a taste if you take a look at this wine you can see that it is a medium ruby to garnet color you can see a slight changing of the color of the rim towards a more garnet color indicating some age let's give it a sniff [Music] smells like black cherry blackcurrant wet gravel pencil lead a little bit of dark chocolate and tobacco wow this wine is definitely higher in the body and it has some tannin i can really feel the tannin across my tongue pretty good acidity and it's definitely dry what i like about cabernet sauvignon from bordeaux is that earth flavors and gravel notes and smells like that i really feel like that communicates the land of bordeaux and then you still get a lot of fruit as well one fun thing to pay attention to when you're hunting for a bottle of wine is look for the words gran van de bordeaux on the bottle indicating the winery's top wine the next wine you'll love to try from bordeaux is from antonio mare or librenae and this area specializes in red wines that tend to use merlot and cabernet franc instead of cabernet sauvignon as the most important grapes in the blend taking a look at this wine i can see it is a deep ruby color that i can't see through on the nose this wine is very plush it milk chocolate blackberry a little bit of mint baking spices and almost a little burnt caramel this is one of those wines i feel like a lot of my friends would like it's big on the palette and the tannins are not as rigid as the cabernet wine it has almost this subtle minty note with a little bit of baking spices on the finish which make it taste even though it's a dry wine give it almost a sweetness one thing you can look for to get great value are wines that are called bordeaux superior this is an appellation that include many appellations in the entire region but has higher quality standards than your basic bottle of bordeaux even though bordeaux produces nearly 90 percent red wines you'll still find some excellent white wines here and the major grapes you'll find in bordeaux that are white are semion and sonia blanc and that's exactly what this white wine blend is made of taking a look at the color of this wine is a medium straw color on the nose this wine smells like white peach mango honeydew melon fresh cut grass and a whiff of beeswax wow this wine explodes with acidity and these wonderful peachy notes that lead into more dry gooseberry notes and finish with a long tingle on your palette this would make an awesome line with thai food when i'm looking for great white wines in bordeaux i go into the andre du mers and groves region where you'll find a lot of great options most of these wines you'll find will be labeled simply as bordeaux the last one you must try from bordeaux is a sweet treat and it comes from an area called soternes which has several appellations within it so turns being the largest and a fog comes in over the region that makes the grapes get a little rotty and they call it noble rot aka botrytis cinerea let's give this one a try looking at the color of this wine ooh it is a deep gold color what a beautiful colored wine apricot honey beeswax a touch of ginger subtle notes of wet limestone a hint of passion fruit and a whiff of caramel let's give it a taste these wines are so rich with sweetness and this beautiful creamy mid palette that just hangs and would be a really great replacement for dessert what's interesting about this sweet wine it's one of those few that you can age for several years and it gets darker and darker and darker and smoother as it ages i would encourage you to learn more about bordeaux especially when it comes to buying the wines because there are a lot of idiosyncrasies here like the vintages matter you can find out all this information more and discover bordeaux wines to try at our new guide online all about i hope you enjoyed this introduction to bordeaux and are so thirsty to taste some

  Top Comments:
  1. @CO_Luke [4 likes]: Just wanted to point out that it wasn't the Napoleon as in Napoleon Bonaparte, the guy who went to Russia and back and got a proper spanking at Waterloo. It was Napoleon III. Also a very interesting character and not only because of wine!
  2. @7HPDH [1 likes]: 1:46 Napoleon III, not the short guy you’re all thinking of
  3. @Minh01Không [1 likes]: This is absolutely delightful.
  4. @GAIUSIndustrial [1 likes]: Bordeaux remains a global wine icon, known for its prestigious châteaux, diverse terroirs, and commitment to quality.
  5. @mauricedoyle1663 [1 likes]: A wiff of beeswax what a load of shit
  6. @cheekywombat54: I couldn't figure out who you were reminding me of with the voice, but it's that redhead from American pie 👌🏼
  7. @Newellfilm: Somebody tell me what wet gravel smells like. I have never purposely been that low to the ground nor have thought of smelling wet gravel before. These tasting notes are sometimes totally not understandable.
  8. @JacknJillJ: Thank you ! I just got some Bordeaux
  9. @ShirishPedram: Hey Teacher it's so much to appreciate your wisdom.... Please accept my Appreciation!! God bless!! Shirish Pedram.
  10. @JeremiahDeegan: Viewers are more likely to share content that feels relatable
  11. @pimptoking: 2:00 r/anythingbutmetric
  12. @andrewdoty2: 4:08 Libournais is North of Entre-Deux-Mers right?
  13. @youngpower24: With Pinot Noir and Cabs being so in style nowadays, you can really get great deals on some premium Bordeauxs right now. For $50 you can get what I consider to be some of the best bottles of wine in the entire world.
  14. @ResmieBesholli: Digj mjalt ver tymos
  15. @barmalini: I was a little surprised that you didn't say anything about the divine combination of Sauternes + Roquefort. Many agree that this is the most perfect combination of wine and cheese. And yet you emphasised the unpretentious Thai food + white wine pair. Which, again according to many, should not even be served under one roof. 
Thanks.
  16. @barmalini: It's France, not France. The most important thing I had to learn while in Bordeaux is that the word ‘chai’ has nothing to do with tea, tea rooms, tea culture or Indian food. Chai in Bordeaux means cellar. Wine cellar. So never turn down an invitation to visit chai.
  17. @FrankSD76: Thanks!  Not just for this excellent video, but for all the other ones I’ve watched and enjoyed.  Keep ‘em coming, please!
  18. @EinKlienerDonner: I find French wine are rich in history, stories and lore, but absolutely a second tier product compared to Italian wine!
  19. @anothercitizen4867: Castillon Cotes de Bordeaux
  20. @bilowithers1878: She’s so unsympathetic to the camera!

- Bordeaux: The Ultimate Foodie Guide (And Its Not Just Wine) 10 Foods You MUST Eat in Bordeaux France: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Bordeaux, a city synonymous with some of the world's most exquisite wines. But to truly experience the heart and soul of this magnificent French city, you have to go beyond the vineyards. Get ready to discover the essential tastes, sights, and experiences that make Bordeaux a true gastronomic paradise, where every bite tells a story, and every street invites you to join the feast. Kicking off our culinary journey at number 10 is a dish that is the very soul of Bordeaux on a plate. Entraot ala bordles. This iconic dish is perhaps the most delicious expression of that relationship. A true cornerstone of border gastronomy that has been perfected over generations. This is far more than a simple steak dinner. Traditionally sourced from the prized local bazas cattle. The steak is grilled over smoldering grape vine cutting and seared to create a magnificent crust, locking in the juices and ensuring a perfectly pink tender interior. But the true alchemy lies in the rich velvety sauce. The Bordlay's sauce is a masterpiece. Beginning with finely chopped shellots softened in butter. A robust red Bordeaux wine is then added, reducing down to concentrate its deep fruity notes. The dish is a celebration of rustic elegance. A true celebration of the teroir and the timeless bond between the vineyards and kitchens of Bordeaux. Next up, the small but mighty canel. These fluted pastries are the sweet soul of Bordeaux. With a dark caramelized exterior and a soft custardy interior scented with rum and vanilla, they are a delightful contradiction of textures. Watch as skilled bakers pour the silky batter into copper molds, then slide trays into hot ovens. The result, a crisp, deeply caramelized shell that gives way to a tender, almost creamy center. The Caneli's origins trace back to the 18th century when nuns would use leftover egg yolks from wine makers to create these treats. Over centuries, Canelis became a symbol of Bordeaux's resourcefulness and creativity. They're a symbol of the city's history and its knack for transforming simple ingredients into something extraordinary. Today, locals and visitors alike savor Canelles with their morning coffee as an afternoon treat or paired with a glass of sweet Sernus wine. Whether enjoyed warm from the oven or boxed as a gift, the Canel is a bite-sized celebration of Bordeaux's culinary heritage. You might be inland, but Bordeaux's proximity to the Atlantic means fresh seafood is a must try. Archon Bay, just a short drive from the city, is a shimmering expanse of water bordered by sandy dunes and pine forests. Oysters from Archon Bay are particularly famous, known for their firm texture and a subtle nutty flavor. Visiting the bay, you'll see local farmers hauling in baskets brimming with oysters, their hands weathered by years of work and salt. These buy valves thrive in the unique ecosystem where fresh and saltwater meet. They were even adored by the Romans. In Bordeaux, enjoying oysters is a cherished ritual. Locals and visitors alike gather at bustling markets and sunlit seaside cafes, savoring platters of oysters with friends. The most authentic way to enjoy them is simply with a splash of lemon or a drizzle of shellot vinegrett paired of course with a crisp dry white wine from the region. Whether you're perched on a wooden terrace overlooking the water or standing at a lively market stall, each oyster is a taste of the Atlantic. Briny, fresh, and unforgettable. It's an experience that captures the essence of Bordeaux's connection to the sea. A classic of French gastronomy, fuagra is a specialty you'll find throughout Bordeaux. Its roots stretch back centuries with recipes passed down through generations, making it a true symbol of the region's culinary heritage. Traditionally made from the liver of specially fattened ducks or geese, the preparation of fuagra is an art form. Chefs carefully season and marinate the liver, then cook it gently to preserve its delicate, buttery texture. While much of it comes from the neighboring perigore region, it is a staple on local menus. In Bordeaux, you'll find fuag grass served as a silky terine pan seared to golden perfection or even as a luxurious addition to gourmet dishes in elegant restaurants. The experience is elevated by the setting. Imagine savoring fuagra in a candle lit beastro with crisp white linens and attentive service or discovering it on a handwritten chalkboard menu at a bustling local ery. The buttery texture and intense flavor are traditionally paired with a sweet sotern wine. A match made in culinary heaven that highlights the best of both the food and wine of the area. Whether enjoyed as a starter or the centerpiece of a meal, Vuagra is an unforgettable taste of Bordeaux. Rich, refined, and deeply rooted in local tradition. For a taste of the forest, you must try the sepees de Bordeaux. These wild mushrooms are foraged in the region's pine forests and are prized for their meaty texture and nutty flavor. They are often served in percilad, a simple yet brilliant preparation where they are sauteed with butter, garlic, and parsley. It's a simple dish that allows the rich earthy flavor of the mushrooms to truly shine. The best time to try them is in the autumn after the grape harvest. Foraging for sep is a cherished local tradition, often passed down through generations. Early in the morning, families and friends venture into the misty woods, baskets in hand, searching beneath the pines for these prized mushrooms. The thrill of discovery and the connection to nature make it a beloved autumn ritual in Bordeaux. CPS are celebrated in both rustic home kitchens and the city's finest restaurants. Whether simply grilled over an open flame, folded into creamy risotos, or featured in elegant gourmet dishes, their deep woodsy flavor is unmistakable. In Bordeaux, CPS are more than an ingredient. They are a symbol of the region's love for seasonal local bounty and the joy of sharing a meal. Stepping away from specific dishes, our fifth spot goes to a modern culinary hub, Leal Deb Bakalan. This bustling indoor market is a true celebration of Bordeaux's vibrant food scene where tradition meets innovation under one lively roof. With over 20 passionate vendors, you'll find everything from briney oysters and artisal cheeses to shutoerie, local wines, and decadent desserts. Wander from counter to counter sampling creamy goat cheese, spicy sauces, and delicate pastries. Communal tables stretch through the center of the market, inviting you to sit down, relax, and enjoy a meal alongside locals and fellow travelers. Whether you're grabbing a quick bite or lingering over a glass of Bordeaux wine, Leal Debbalan is the perfect place to experience the city's food culture in a fun contemporary setting. It's a must visit for anyone wanting to taste the true spirit of Bordeaux. To truly understand a cuisine, you have to learn how to make it yourself. In Bordeaux, cooking classes are more than just lessons. They're immersive journeys into the heart of French gastronomy. Taking a cooking class with a local chef is a great way to do this. You'll chop, stir, and taste your way through classic recipes, learning the secrets behind dishes like megrade de Canard or the intricate process of making cantallays. In the kitchen, you'll learn the techniques that make Bordeaux cuisine so special, how to sear duck breast to perfection, or achieve the caramelized crust of a canel. The experience is as much about sharing stories and laughter as it is about mastering recipes. You'll taste your creations together, savoring each bite and gaining a deeper appreciation for the region's culinary heritage. By the end, you'll not only have new skills, but also unforgettable memories and a true connection to Bordeaux's vibrant food culture. Taking the number three spot is another duck dish, the Lagre de Canar. This dish is a true icon of Bordeaux and southwestern France. Beloved by locals and visitors alike, traditionally maget refers to the breast of a duck that has been fattened for fuagra, giving it a rich flavor and tender texture. This is a lean duck breast seared to create a crisp, flavorful skin, while the inside remains tender and medium rare. Chefs score the skin, season it generously, and sear the breast in a hot pan, rendering the fat and creating a golden crackling crust. The dish is often accompanied by a fruit compost or a shellot jus adding a sweet savory complexity. In Bordeaux's lively beastro and elegant restaurants, Mcgra de Canar is often served sliced and artfully arranged, sometimes with a drizzle of red wine reduction. Whether enjoyed at a bustling market stall or a fine dining table, Mcgra de Canar is a mustry for any food lover visiting Bordeaux. Our second name place is the Marsh de Capusen. Often called the stomach of Bordeaux, this bustling market has been at the heart of the city's daily life for centuries, drawing locals and visitors alike with its vibrant energy. This is the city's largest and oldest covered market, a sensory explosion of sights, sounds, and smells. The lively chatter of shoppers mixes with the calls of vendors, creating a symphony unique to Bordeaux. Inside, rows of stalls overflow with gleaming fruits and vegetables, fragrant herbs, and baskets of wild mushrooms. Butchers display expertly cut meats, while fish mongers offer the freshest catch from the nearby Atlantic. Artisal bakers tempt you with golden baguettes and flaky pastries, while cheese vendors offer samples of creamy goat cheese and pungent tome. It is a true institution with a history dating back to 1749. Generations of Border have shopped here, making it a living link to the city's past. The market is not just for shopping. It's a place to gather, share stories, and enjoy a meal at one of the lively counters or cafes tucked between the stalls. Whether you're searching for the perfect ingredient or simply soaking up the atmosphere, Mare Des Capusen is an essential stop for any food lover. At number one, the ultimate culinary experience in Bordeaux is a gourmet food and wine tour. This isn't just about eating. It's about immersing yourself in the very soul of the city, where every flavor tells a story of its rich history and celebrated teroir. A knowledgeable local guide is your key to unlocking the city's culinary secrets. Your journey might begin at a traditional bulerie for a freshly baked canle, Bordeaux's signature pastry. Next, you'll step into an artisal frogie. The air is thick with the earthy aroma of incredible cheeses. Finally, at a cozy wine bar, a sumelier will teach you the art of pairing. This is more than just a meal. It's a full sensory immersion into Border culture. Tours like the Bordeaux Oldtown Food and Wine Tour from Vitor come highly recommended, providing an intimate and unforgettable experience that will leave you with a deeper appreciation for this magnificent city. From the simple caramelized perfection of a canel with its custardy heart to the rich complexity of a border sauce slows simmerred with wine and marrow, the culinary scene of Bordeaux is a world unto itself. Whether you're dining at a Michelin starred restaurant, indulging in an exquisitly plated masterpiece or grabbing a fresh baguette at a local market, you're participating in a tradition that is centuries old. We hope this list inspires you to come to Bordeaux to not just see it, but to taste it. Be sure to like and subscribe for more great travel videos. Until next time, bonapetit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Medhi-Kaman: 0:31 Entrecôte à la Bordelaise ? Ça ressemble plus à un paleron qu’à une entrecôte.

- How To Pair Bordeaux Wines With Food: Kind: captions Language: en So, Martin what's the best food to pair with Bordeaux wine? Before we go pairing a food and Bordeaux wine, I like to split Bordeaux wines into four very broad Categories. So one would be Left Bank red wines another is Right Bank red wines after that white wine of Bordeaux and a sweet wine of Bordeaux and that's because stylistically So different. Yeah, if you start from Left Bank of Bordeaux, they tend to be more Cabernet Sauvignon based so the wines a little bit more fuller more muscular more tannic. So those wines are pairs really well with a red meat. So, you know, the dish is like a beef wellington steak or if it's a season and you get venison Right-bank red wines a little bit more softer a little bit more elegant. You could go into even white meats or like a chicken It could be duck, it could be vegetarian dishes. After that we are talking about white wines of Bordeaux Again, they quite structured wines. White Bordeaux I would say it goes really well with a seafood but it could stand if you have white meat, even dishes like a Caesar salad with chicken, also goes really nice with the cheese I actually much prefer white wine with most of the cheese's compared to red or a port Yeah, so something like a goats cheese would be delicious. And then sweet wine was the last one you mentioned So sweet wine is not only for dessert? If you would have asked that question 15 years ago I would say it's only the dessert wine, when it comes to Sauternes, it's not just about dessert and even when we pairing Sauternes with a dessert we need to be Careful because if you have very sweet dessert, you know and Sauternes is very sweet wine, It could be 120-200 grams of sugar per litre. So, you know when you pair two's very, very sweet things, It's too much so what I like when it comes to desserts something like grilled pineapple, you know There's some yeah something quite fresh to go with, Sauternes pairs quite well with your hard cheese like a Comté. you know, it's It's quite diverse. Yeah, I mean our house we tend to have them around Christmas with foie gras That's a classic. Yeah, that's a classic classic classic. Obviously, it works really well!

  Top Comments:
  1. @quentinvaldher7373 [4 likes]: It's always delicious to finish a meal with some Sauternes! Not so fan of Sauternes on Foie Gras... a bit too much I guess !
  2. @Taquilaquads: Thank you for the information
  3. @alishariat1435: I’ve had it more as a celebratory wine similar to the way champagne is drunk at the beginning in addition to foies gras, cheeses, etc. Don’t know if Sauternes producers would approve of it being considered a dessert wine even though this notion now seems to be widespread.

- 2 Days in Bordeaux, France – Wine Tasting & the Perfect Itinerary!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to Bordeaux France's venerable city of wine where historical Grandeur seamlessly blends with a vibrant present this port city nestled along the gon river is a treasure trobe of cultural wonders from its Gothic Cathedrals and time-honored mansions to sprawling Vineyards that have perfected the art of wine making join us as we uncork the essence of Bordeaux exploring a destination as rich in history as it is in flavor if you're eager to embark on this Exquisite Journey remember to hit like subscribe and let Bordeaux enchant [Music] [Applause] you thanks to France's high-speed tgv trains you can even make Bordeaux a quick detour from your main trip to Paris departing from Paris M parnass station you'll find find yourself whisked through the picturesque French Countryside at speeds of up to 200 mph arriving in Bordeaux in as little as 2 hours this Rapid Transit allows more time for Discovery cutting down on travel while offering glimpses of France's diverse Landscapes from the comfort of your seat When selecting your accommodation in Bordeaux consider what you wish to explore the Bordeaux City Center with its historical Allure around plastal La B and the Lively s Pierre District offers quick access to the city's Rich past and bustling Cafe culture for those drawn to bordeaux's Contemporary Art scene the chartron district provides stylish options amidst Galleries and museums navigating Bordeaux comes effortlessly with the city's walkable streets accessible tram lines and vub Bike Share Network inviting leisurely exploration alongside the picturesque gon River day one plastal laor your adventure Ure begins at the heart of bordeaux's architectural wonder the pl de Labour mirrored by the world's largest reflecting pool myard do this mesmerizing Ensemble sets the stage for your journey embodying bordeaux's elegance and prosperity let the reflection of classical facades on the water's surface entice your senses as we transition from historical Splendor to contemporary Marvels Lite Duan a short Journey from the city center brings us to Lite Duan where Wine's Timeless narrative unfolds through interactive exhibits This Modern architectural gem celebrating wine cultures across the globe offers not just knowledge but an immersive sensory experience it's a fitting tribute to bordeaux's enduring Legacy as a wine Capital stroll to jardan public for lunch Meander towards the Serene jardan public an urban Sanctuary where nature and history converge outside this verdant landscape pause for a leisurely lunch at a local beastro Delight in bord Cuisine where Regional Specialties like canal and entot alab bordes showcase the flavorful Bounty of the region St Andre Cathedral refreshed let us wander to The Majestic St Andre Cathedral a testament to Gothic architectural Grandeur as you Marvel at its intricate facades consider ascending the pay Berlin Tower each step brings us closer to breathtaking Vistas that encapsulate bordeaux's Beauty offering a bird's eye view of a city where past and present dance in harmony as daylight waines or Do's nightlife beckens the city illuminated by the vibrant energy of its inhabitants Comes Alive explore wine bars that tell stories through each glass Savor The Culinary diversity at local markets or lose yourself in live music that Echoes through historic quarters night in Bordeaux is an invitation to celebrate life's Delights day two as Dawn whis ERS over Bordeaux a new day beckons us to explore beyond the cobblestone streets and historic facades Into The Verdant Embrace of Bordeaux Wine Country here amidst the undulating Hills carpeted with vines each Vineyard Tells A Tale of tradition passion and the Relentless pursuit of perfection look for one of the many tours around the local Vineyards and explore the best grapes worldwide our Odyssey takes us first through the storied terroirs of Bordeaux where the Earth itself Whispers secrets of the past to those who listen the Region's diverse soils gravel Limestone and Clay play a symphony that brings richness and complexity to the wines this is where the magic begins in The Vineyards under the tender care of generations of venters who have become as much a part of the land as the vines themselves witness the Artistry behind each meticulously tended vine where science and soul intertwine from the precise moment of harvest to the delicate process of fermentation each step is a testament to The Wine Maker's craft it's here among the barrels and Vats that the grapes journey culminates in a Confluence of Aroma body and flavor a process unchanged by time but always unique to each Harvest venturing deeper we're invited into the hallowed cellers of time honored Chateau in these cool shadowed spaces Rose upon row of Oak barrels cradle the future of bordeaux's Legacy the air is thick with anticipation and the scent of Aging wine telling stories of patience and transformation it's a Sacred Space where time slows allowing the wine to adopt its full expression and then the moment that unites all elements the tasting here beneath the ancient beams of a chateau's tasting room or amidst the modern Elegance of a boutique estate We Sip the essence of Bordeaux each glass is a revelation offering notes that hint at the sunshine that nurtured The Grapes the soil that anchored them and the human hands that crafted them into the Elixir before us as we Meander from estate to Vineyard engaging with wine makers and sampling varietals from Cabernet svon to Mero and the revered semon of sweet whites bordeau reveals its Soul it's a place where every bottle tells a story of its birthplace inviting not just appreciation but connection bordeaux's gastronomic gems in Bordeaux the Bounty extends Beyond The Vineyards to a rich culinary landscape marring tradition with Innovation as you wander through the city let your appetite guide you to local beast and markets where the essence of Borday Cuisine unfolds on your plate embrace the opportunity to indulge in entrecote bordes a succulent steak cooked to Perfection and bathed in a rich wine sauce that sings of the Region's ven Heritage pair it with P DET Al salades potatoes sauteed in duck fat garlic and parsley for a symphony of flavors and for a sweet conclusion treat yourself to Canal de Bordeaux these small caramelized pastries boast a tender custard Center flavored with rum and vanilla encased in a dark thick caramelized crust a true embodiment of Bordeaux in every bite dining in Bordeaux is not just about nourishment it's a celebration of the Region's gifts from the Earth to the vine each meal presents an opportunity to delve deeper into the cultural fabric of this vibrant City making your culinary Journey an integral part of the Bordeaux experience as we bring our two-day journey in Bordeaux to a close we see it's a city that doesn't just rest on its historical Laurels but continually evolves embracing its Rich past while pouring new Vitality into its cultural veins Bordeaux invites you back promising that with every visit like with every bottle of wine you'll uncover new layers flavors and memories until then carry with you the taste of Bordeaux a city where every corner tells a story and every glass captures a moment

  Top Comments:
  1. @vittoriabilello9987 [2 likes]: Lovely tips for Bordeaux! I will go to Bordeaux in September and can’t wait to visit the Cite du Vin 🍷
  2. @AdamHoper: Burreda❤
  3. @leepeexxx: Hate the narrator’s annoying vocal fry

- We Didn't Expect Bordeaux to Be This Good (48 Hours Changed Everything): Kind: captions Language: en visiting bordo was a city that was on my bucket list so in this video we're going to visit bordo for 48 hours and we're going to see all the sites to be seen we're going to go to the C du and try some amazing wine we're going to try some of the local dishes and we're going to have a wine tasting in a world renown Castle in one of the most beautiful Village in all of France all right [Music] on we just an early morning train from G palas and in just over 2 hours we arrive in Bordeaux it's so quick to get there this destination can really be a day trip now to get to Bordeaux we use train line to book our tickets it's the easiest place we found for booking trains all over Europe and I've put a link in the description below one of the clear advantages of taking a train like right here in Bordeaux is that you're close to everything and you have public transportation that will take you anywhere so it's super convenient now once you get to Bordeaux the public transportation is easy and efficient we bought our tickets from the tram from the machine right outside and after a quick 15-minute ride through town we got to our rental apartment so this is our apartment in Bordeaux we decided to go with the rental apartment instead of a hotel this time it's not really busy season but this year is the world rugby cup so there's a lot more Travelers here than usual this one has two bedrooms I've got one nice space like that and a gorgeous view of the city I mean come on look at that so here we have a foldout sofa so we got two bedrooms and a sofa so if you've got a group this is a good spot and here's the view you can see straight back there the city of wine the city duvon museum is is just there and of course you have a place to eat you got a little fridge little two burner stove in the kitchen but that's not the best part let's go upstairs there's a separate private space you have to climb but trust me it's worth it and come all the way up before you look around Antoine but check that out check that out that is act it's like a giant wine vat we need a bottle of champagne bubbles to go with a bubble bath how about that nice big open space this apartment will do toilet closet I am happy here now once we got settled in we took a quick walk through town to pick up our city passes from the tourism office along the way the horses in the monument oine Fountain cut our eyes that Fountain is gorgeous after that we walk to the tourism office to pick up our city passes for our visit the City Pass is really cool and gives you an unlimited access to public transportation including the River shuttle now Colleen wanted to take the boat ride to the C Museum once we had our city passes in hand we walked towards the river through the Treeline esan K what I can say so far is I'm in love with Bordeaux this place feels a little bit like Paris a little bit like New Orleans none of the crowds none of the pretentiousness or any of that stuff it's just an amazing place I'm happy to be here so we are headed over to the city duon which is the wine museum that you need to go to so we're going on that little boat right there I always love being on a boat and I think the boat is one of the best ways to see a new city in Europe so looking right at the Bor is stunning that funny looking building is the city of wine museum and on this bridge The Columns change color they're lighted and the color changes whether it's high tide or low tide that's pretty cool very cool elev we're going upstairs to try some cool stuff come on now we had heard that the seated was a great museum and we were not disappointed this is an informative and playful interactive Museum that gives you a whole new perspective to enjoying wine from around the world this museum is a must stop in Bordeaux even if you're not a wine lover after seeing all the information smelling the smells learning about the grapes I chose a French provos Rosie good choice all right let's go outside and drink the fairy boat dropped us right here we went through that bridge and it dropped us right here yeah to BAU I like it here I like it here very much if going to Bordeaux is on your mustsee places then check out guide right here it includes some of the best places to stay of course all the sseeing to do in Bordeaux some wine tasting and some of the best restaurants in town check it out there's a link in the description and see if it's a good fit for you now at the end of a beautiful day we headed into the old city to try some classic local dishes so the best way to look at a menu is with a beverage that has bubbles in it they put that in a bread basket oh there you go I'm actually hungry we've been walking all day in bordo yeah I like bordo this is 48 hours in bordo but I think we're going to come back there's a lot of things that we love about this city and the food so far doesn't disappoint try it you can see the jelly here with the with the Pate that's a country style Pate so it's not smooth like aagra but that bread like look at that that is a thick European bread this is going to be a good dinner [Applause] awesome that looks yummy I want to try it on our table I was wondering what this little pot was with this cute little spoon that is my salt for the table oh yeah so this is a Jud B which is a piece of the cheek and it is very tender like they cook it for I don't need a knife in here this is falling apart already look at that that thing is falling apart I almost ordered something else and the waiter suggested this like oh my God I'm glad he did I was telling him what I like and he said maybe you really want to try this one like wow I don't know if I can film because I'm going to be busy eating you got to try some of this yeah oh I definitely want to try some yeah yeah that's next level this is good look at this look at this and I got the coule white beans pork slow cooked roasted for hours they got the flavors right wow you have multiple pieces of meat in there I'm going to have a piece of the sausage like if you like beans and pork and and slow roasted stuff I mean this is just Heavenly wow this is good watch this down with a local yeah I'm a happy man the good news is Antoine is filming and I have the spoon hold on hold on oh that crispy thing oh yeah oh my God no I have a spoon and I'm not afraid to use it bring it back here that is so good yeah cream puffs with ice cream and whipped cream and something but oh dripping in my hand all I can say is it tastes like more after dinner before we headed back to our apartment we walked to PL labus to check out the beautiful lighted Fountain it's day number two and time for a good French breakfast and in Bordeaux a Peno Chaka is called a Chaka te oh my goodness is as crispy and delicious as I've ever had an almond croissant wow those excellent so now that we had breakfast we're going to go get our rental car and we're going to drive off to the santon area and the actually Cent medal Village and visit all the little Vineyard Villages and we're going to go and have a wine tasting and a castle on top of the hill Colleen and I can't wait to go and experience that so this is going to be a great day from the moment we pulled up to this Hillside Village I couldn't stop smiling I am excited to explore these cobblestone streets and Tiny Alleyways of course you have a lot of wine shops here but there are also plenty of Art Galleries and cute little stores so we just left the bakery where the original macarons were made they started making them over 400 years ago but these little babies right here are made not with a crushed almond flour these are with crushed almond and they don't have them stacked up together like a sandwich they're just a little cookie like that and we need to try those and they also had some other ones that were with chocolate oh it's falling apart M there's no eggs no gluten no any of that stuff in there it's more like a cookie than a macaron what I'm used to but it's very nice it's like a crumbly biscuit almond cookie and I think I like it but that is the Cameleon macaron just typical from here and then we got these which are completely typical of the area this is a canala and that is made with a crepe batter uh put into a copper pot it looks like it's chocolate or something else it looks like maybe a baba rum but it doesn't have any rum it's just a simple little CP battered cake so you want to try one I do yeah it's basically it's a little cake I mean there's no chocolate no rum I don't know I want to have something with it I want to dip it in Nutella or chocolate but it's very nice and that's can of late from Bordeaux like so today we're sitting in a little cafe Terrace at a restaurant called bon oh yeah look at that this is how you start your day mer that is a bon salad it has toast with fagra some different kinds of meats some tomatoes lettuce some olives a whole bunch of yummy in there and I am very excited to have this salad today that is Duck and my salad and oh boy that's good the server was telling us that the thing to order here is uh duck like because duck is a very Southwest thing yeah and she wasn't wrong that's delicious two of my favorite decadent Pleasures champagne sagra and a beautiful setting this is Heaven on toast a bit of salt on top of it man this is extraordinary wow it's not a thin slice but it says M Canal good salad like that oh this is good great salad wow big mix of a little bit of everything so Colleen stayed with champagne but I had to have a glass of Bordeaux in sanon I mean the Sant Milo Village in Bordeaux I had to have cheers this is like mountain climbing after lunch we headed up the hill to see the ABY at the top of town where I lit a healing candle for a dear friend now we have a quick 10-minute ride to an amazing Castle to try some wine here at the vineyard we started off with the history of the castle we walked through the vines we checked out the wine making process and of course we tasted a little bit of their wine it has been another long and wonderful day and it's time to head back to Bordeaux for some dinner tonight we're having dinner in a restaurant called leare which is a lovely outdoor Terrace in that square around the Leal area which is just restaurants all around it and this should be good it was recommended by a guy who hangs out in bordo all the time I can't wait to try it so tonight we're toasting with champagne because we are having oysters and Bordeaux is known for oysters it's right by the coast there's a long estuary that comes in and some of the best oysters in the world come from Bordeaux so cheers with oysters and champagne so in France oysters come with the vinegar that has chopped shallots in it uh normally and they there's a lot of different Gourmet vinegars that I've seen with them but this should be very nice with the little bit of buttered bread you know what uh goes great with uh oysters what goes great with o oysters champagne champagne and oysters yeah I'm not a big fan of uh vinegar with oysters I prefer lemon on them oysters and champagne that's the way to do it this is a chunk of meat and they give it to you with this sauce which I'm not entirely sure what it is it looks like a baret and then I'm going to take just a little bit of that bone arrow and drop it right up here that's a fresh Bern sauce yeah it's two totally different flavors with the bernes and the bone marrow but both of them are amazing so I got scallops with ravioli look at those oh wow they say this is a great place for seafood and I'm getting the idea that it is it's got a ravioli here a mushroom ravioli this is served with mashed potato which I expect is going to be nothing short of amazing yeah wow this is really good we were recommended this address by a French local and this is amazing this is amazing really good on our third and final day in board we decided to walk through town and start with a quick breakfast we headed down the vibrant place the laedi where we found the giant sculpture this is where r s Katrina the longest pedestrian street in France begins we stopped in IG sample on our way to La Port CL that place is super impressive and of course no trip to Bordeaux is complete without a visit to the Miro in front of BL de Labour one of the things that's really cool is inside this park along the riverfront there's little benches Shady spots and stuff where you can just almost disappear read a book have a lunch and right here is the Bor the plaza of the borse which means the water mirror is right across we're coming up I got to take off my shoes all right he's going in I'm going in how is it Oh I thought it was going to be cold it's not it's not it's nice it's actually refreshing I can imagine in the summer this would be fabulous this is just awesome right in the middle of everything so if you're concerned about coming Barefoot over here then you don't have to worry about that because you can walk here with shoes the water is not as tall as my little pinky but I promise you in the summer months this will be really refreshing uhoh what's going on I don't know what's going on it's just a little Mist it's a little Mist that means that something is about to uh oh we better hurry yeah I'm fully dressed daring what do you say we go have some seafood now I am so down for having some seafood cuz this is a marine Town we're right on the giran Estuary so Seafood is Def definitely on the list so we're here at the caban mar we're right here by for Kayo just in the heart of everything and we're here to have a seafood platter because this is a seafood Town we're right at the end of the girl on Estuary right off of the Bay of bisque and this should be fabulous this is the start to something good y that's the way to conclude a 48 hours in Bordeaux it's the best way to start it the best way to spend it and the best way to end it bottom line everywhere we go there is champagne yes oh did you okay Mery I know a lot of people don't like to open up their own shrimps but that's how they do it in Europe so you're going to peel your own thing I never would have thought that was good but it's pretty nice yeah only half of it is yours okay don't get any ideas here what am I supposed to eat that with bread butter Mayo right so fresh wash the lobster down with champagne so I'm going to have this bad boy right here longus this one you just crack it like that you know you just go pinch it in the middle and you open it I put some mayo my shrimps and that that is the pincher from my Lobster do you have seafood platters like that in Florida no you can get a basket of shrimp or stone crabs on a dish you can get a lot of different things but I've never seen a platter done exactly like this it's not something I'm used to in Florida and I and I grew up in Florida yeah this is the best way to finish our trip in Bordeaux cheers if you like what you saw in this video next I would watch this one on 4 days improval

  Top Comments:
  1. @LesFrenchiesTravel [3 likes]: TOP 5 Recommended Day Trips from Paris 👉 https://bit.ly/RecommendedParisDayTrips
GET YOUR Paris Travel Guide 👉 https://bit.ly/LesFrenchiesParisTravelGuide
  2. @fw1147 [1 likes]: great video
  3. @SaraLawton [1 likes]: I'm going in July to Bordeaux!!! After booking next step is Les Frenchies😂😂
  4. @misisbrown4368 [1 likes]: What exactly do you mean by the place is “none of the pretentious” thing…
  5. @fiverolltacos: great pacing, straight to the point, showing what matters, really nice.
  6. @ahjacobs1967: Wow!  Great video as always.  Love learning from you both and can’t wait to be in Bordeaux this June!
  7. @firstlast-oy7uk: Totally disagree. I grew up in Florida too and boy did I eat platters like that. I don't know where you lived but in South Florida oh yeah seafood platters like that everywhere.
  8. @patmaurer8541: I'm sad to see foie gras is still popular, because its production is cruel. Or have modern methods changed?
I don't object to animal products, so long as they're produced humanely.
  9. @acrubendall: I don't know who does your filming, but they are just fantastic!  I REALLY appreciate the high quality visuals you are providing!
  10. @jtrav2025: That cassoulet looks like a HUGE amount of food! So is the profiteroles!!!
  11. @bobcochran2890: Thanks for this wonderful video! We’ve been to Boudreaux once…years ago, and will be returning this summer. You have given us some great ideas.
  12. @thysbui1195: 👍👍👍👍👍👍🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌❤❤❤❤❤❤🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
  13. @SaraLawton: That's what is  called carrilleras en España?!
  14. @vincefesalbon: The food is so awesome
  15. @jimmycadena2708: Where did you rent the car?
  16. @victoriaehale1216: I guess this is  A CITY YOU CAN'T BE ON A DIET.
  17. @marcakerblom4935: Food, food, food. Boring.
  18. @mylittleworldbordeaux: We really appreciate these videos—they do such a great job of making travelers feel comfortable visiting our region! We’re new to the YouTube community ourselves and would love for you to stop by our channel sometime. Keep up the awesome work!
  19. @Sentinella911: Rent a car and take the scenic route to Château de la Rivière which has a wing built by Viollet-leDuc in Fronsac.  It’s both magical and mesmerizing. A bed and breakfast séjour.  Dark-Sky-Friendly region. The night sky is riddled with stars. From the hilltop where the chateau is perched the Dordogne river glimmers like a silver ribbon under the moonlight as the owls 🦉 hoot around you.  I just transported myself back to Fronsac and want to go back! 😉 🍷
  20. @MaryElizabeth12: Do you guys know why the water was so muddy looking?? It’s on the ocean so I’m surprised to see it look this way. Is all the water up north this muddy looking as well? I know the south it is not this way.

- Bordeaux couple lead the way in DIY wine: Kind: captions Language: en it's a vintage unlike any other a wine that comes straight from this residential suburb of bordeau around 10 years ago barones and Alan turned a corner of their City Garden into a micro Vineyard making their own Fine Wines just for themselves and a few friends we did it because we had a seedar tree which was covering the whole garden and which was blown down in the storms of 1999 so we found ourselves with this piece of land where everything was demolished and I thought instead of doing a lawn let's plant some Vines 70 ft of Merlo and cabinet grapes were duy put in a few years later in 2005 their first harvest produced barely 8 kilog of grapes and the resulting Tipple was dubious at best barones a molecular biologist by trade decided to step in and train herself up in the latest vinicultural techniques I've always loved tastings and Fine Wines but I also wanted to know about wine making techniques and tea and how all that affects the creation of a good wine so I thought well if you want something done properly do it yourself the result was mroo how to guide about growing fermenting and bottling your own wine for small holders with up to 100 kilos of GRA grapes to play with but be warned you'll need plenty of free time for this hobby you can say goodbye to your summer holidays if this was actually my job I'd find it quite restrictive you've got to be here all over summer because that's the most sensitive time for the vines come Harvest though and it's a good excuse to get friends around to help out with Gathering and sorting The Grapes before crushing them by foot in the traditional manner and Alan and barones have learned a few things since they started meaning the wines themselves have become quite a coveted reward as well

- Bordeaux: The City that Will Make You Fall in Love with France Again: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to Bordeaux. I'm Sarah and this is Travel Partner Official. We're in the heart of wine country. Bordeaux, France. The architecture, the pastries, the light. This city is a feast for the senses. Bordeaux is about savoring the moment and connecting with a rich history. We'll explore grand squares, dive into the world of wine, and wander through centuries old streets. Grab a glass, get comfy, and get ready for the top 10 must visit spots in this incredible city. Are you ready? Let's go discover Bordeaux. Our first stop is the magnificent Plasta Labors, a landmark that truly captures the spirit of Bordeaux. This 18th century square is Bordeaux's crown jewel, curving elegantly along the Gon River and offering breathtaking views at any time of day. The architecture is stunning with intricate sculptures, grand facades, and a sense of history that's still welcoming to everyone who visits. Right across the street is the Miwa, the world's largest reflecting pool and one of the city's most iconic sites. A thin layer of water mirrors the square, creating a living painting that changes with the light, the weather, and the people passing by. When the mist rises, it's pure magic. Kids run, couples stroll, and everyone smiles, caught up in the playful atmosphere. The water mirror is a playful, modern twist that perfectly complements the historic square, blending oldworld charm with contemporary creativity. Plasta Labor is more than a tourist spot. It's the city's soul where locals and visitors come together, blending old and new in a vibrant, lively setting. Sit, watch the world go by, and soak in the spirit of Bordeaux as the city unfolds around you. Whether you arrive at sunrise or sunset, this is the perfect start to our adventure, setting the tone for everything to come. You have to see the reflection, walk in the mist, and feel the city's heartbeat beneath your feet. There's nothing quite like it. The combination of grandeur and playfulness is what Bordeaux is all about. I'm already in love and I can't wait to show you more. Next up, Lacete Duvan. A spectacular celebration of wine culture unlike anything else in the world. This iconic landmark stands as a tribute to the rich heritage and artistry of wine- making right in the heart of Bordeaux. The building itself is a work of art inspired by swirling wine in a glass and the twisting forms of grape vines. Its bold, modern design instantly catches your eye and hints at the creativity inside. Step inside and you'll embark on an interactive, immersive journey through the world and history of wine. The museum uses cuttingedge technology and storytelling to bring centuries of wine culture to life. Smell the aromomas, watch fascinating wine maker interviews, and explore hands-on exhibits about teroir tradition and the global impact of wine. Every sense is engaged as you discover what makes each bottle unique. It's not just about drinking. It's about understanding the story, the science, and the passion behind every glass. You'll leave with a deeper appreciation for the craft and culture of wine- making. The highlight, your ticket includes a glass of wine at the Belvadier, the museum's stunning rooftop bar, where you can enjoy panoramic views of Bordeaux skyline and the Gon River. Sip, savor, and take in the city from above. A truly unforgettable experience for any visitor. Whether you're a wine expert, a casual enthusiast, or simply a curious traveler, you'll leave with a new appreciation for this timeless craft and the people who dedicate their lives to it. Lite Deva is a musto for anyone visiting Bordeaux, offering a unique blend of education, entertainment, and inspiration. It's a love letter to wine and the people who make it. Cheers to that. Now, let's step back in time at the Cathedral Saint Andre, the spiritual heart of Bordeaux for centuries. This Gothic masterpiece towers over the city, its pointed arches and soaring vaults awe inspiring. The cathedral's grand silhouette dominates the skyline, a symbol of faith and resilience that has watched over Bordeaux for generations. Inside, sunlight streams through stained glass, painting the stone floors in vibrant colors. Each window tells a story, illuminating the past with every ray of light that dances across the ancient walls. The cathedral has witnessed royal weddings, revolutions, and centuries of history. Its walls echo with the footsteps of kings, pilgrims, and everyday people who have sought solace here. Every corner holds a story. Look for hidden faces in the carvings and unique chapels. The intricate details reveal the craftsmanship and devotion poured into every stone. The separate bell tower tour payland was built to protect the cathedral from the bell's vibrations. Its elegant design stands as a testament to medieval engineering and ingenuity. Climb over 200 steps for a breathtaking view of Bordeaux and the cathedral's flying buttresses. From the top, the city unfolds beneath you, offering a unique perspective on its history and beauty. This is the city's historic heart, a testament to faith and endurance. The lively square outside is always buzzing, connecting past and present. Whether you're religious or not, the beauty and scale are humbling. The sheer size and artistry invite reflection and wonder. The cathedral stands as a powerful reminder of Bordeaux's past. Its stones weathered by time yet still magnificent. It's a mustsee for history and architecture lovers, drawing visitors from around the world who marvel at its legacy. Take a moment to soak in the silence and grandeur in the sacred space the centuries seem to stand still. It's truly awe inspiring. Ready for some energy? Welcome to Rue St. Katherine, the longest pedestrian shopping street in Europe. Over a kilometer of shops, boutiques, and cafes buzzing with locals and tourists. It's pedestrian only, so you can wander freely and soak up the lively atmosphere. Grab a coffee and a canal pastry and enjoy worldclass people watching. The street connects two grand squares and is lined with beautiful 18th century buildings. Rant Katarine is the vibrant, modern heart of Bordeaux. Whether you're shopping or just exploring, it's an essential experience. Now for something different. The Darwin ecosystem. Across the river in a former military barracks. This creative hub is covered in everanging street art and murals. It's a center for sustainability with an organic supermarket, co-working spaces, and a massive indoor skate park. The Magison General Beastro serves up local organic food in a relaxed communal setting. Darwin is all about creativity, collaboration, and eco-conscious living. It's a vibrant example of urban regeneration, turning old spaces into something meaningful. The atmosphere is friendly, innovative, and inspiring. Spend an afternoon here to see Bordeaux's edgy, forwardthinking side. It's a must for anyone seeking the city's creative pulse. I love the vibe. Time to unwind at the Jardine Public, Bordeaux's lush city park. This 18th century garden is a peaceful oasis with formal flower beds, winding paths, and a serene lake. Relax under ancient trees, watch ducks glide by, or enjoy the charming old carousel. Don't miss the botanical garden, featuring plants from around the world and fascinating green houses. The Jardian Public is where locals come to read, picnic, or simply breathe. It's the city's green lung. A perfect spot to recharge. In a city full of history, this is a reminder to slow down and enjoy the simple things. Pure tranquility. Next, step into a fairy tale at the gross cloch. Bordeaux's iconic medieval belfry. Once the city's main gate, it's crowned by two towers and a massive bell. Armand Louise. The bell signaled harvests and emergencies, becoming a symbol of civic pride and independence. Its story is woven into Bordeaux's identity, even appearing on the city's coat of arms. Today, the bell rings only on special occasions, but the gate remains a powerful presence. Walk beneath it on charming Rain James lined with shops and cafes. The Gross Cloch is a tangible link to Bordeaux's medieval past, a mustsee for history lovers. Let's cross the historic Pontip Pierre, Bordeaux's first bridge over the Garon. Built in the 1820s and commissioned by Napoleon, it features 17 arches, one for each letter in his name, or so the legend goes. The bridge offers iconic views of the city's waterfront and skyline, especially at sunrise or sunset. At night, it glows with lights reflected in the river. The modern tram gliding across this old stone bridge is classic Bordeaux. Old meets new. Pondep Pierre connects the city's historic and modern sides. Take a slow stroll, feel the river breeze, and enjoy one of Bordeaux's best views. Simple, beautiful, unforgettable. To truly understand Bordeaux, visit the Musea Dakiten. This museum takes you from prehistoric times to the present with engaging exhibits and artifacts. See ancient carvings, Roman relics, and learn about Bordeaux's role in the transatlantic slave trade, an essential, honest part of its history. Discover the evolution of the city through models, art, and stories. The museum gives context to everything you see in Bordeaux. It's more than a collection. It's the city's storyteller. History lovers, don't miss this stop. You'll leave with a deeper appreciation for Bordeaux. For our finale, step into the mesmerizing Lebasand de Lumiere inside a former Wu submarine base. Here, art is projected onto vast concrete walls and shimmering water, creating an immersive world of color and music. Walk along gangways and bridges for everchanging perspectives. Today's show features Gustaf Climpmpt. His golden paintings come alive swirling around you. It's a communal awe inspiring experience. Art you can step inside. This space once built for war is now a beacon of beauty and transformation. Lebasand de Lumiere is a symbol of light overcoming darkness. The perfect unforgettable end to our Bordeaux journey. From shimmering squares to immersive art, Bordeaux has captured my heart. This city is elegant, creative, and welcoming, honoring its past while embracing the future. I hope you've enjoyed this tour and feel inspired to explore Bordeaux yourself. If you loved this adventure, hit subscribe and join our travel partner official family. Until next time, stay curious, be kind, and go find something wonderful. Bye, everybody.

- Bordeaux City Travel Guide - Discover Wine Country & Winery Tours - France Travel Tips & Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en This is your complete guide to the&nbsp; city of Bordeaux. How to get here,&nbsp;&nbsp; what attractions to see, how to take&nbsp; winery tours in the French Countryside,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how to have the best time of your&nbsp; life in the wine capital of the world! Now when people think of wine country,&nbsp; they usually think about rolling vineyards&nbsp;&nbsp; as far as the eye can see. Grapes growing&nbsp; everywhere. Drinking wine in the warm sunshine,&nbsp;&nbsp; and eating amazing food surrounded by&nbsp; friends in the heart of the countryside.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well all of that exists right here in Bordeaux.&nbsp; This is the epicentre of the wine world,&nbsp;&nbsp; and some of the most famous wines that you'll&nbsp; have heard of originate from around here. But&nbsp;&nbsp; even if you're not a fan of wine, Bordeaux itself&nbsp; is actually a lovely city to visit. And this video&nbsp;&nbsp; guide is split into two parts; the actual city&nbsp; of Bordeaux and the winery tours around it.&nbsp; But let's start first of all about how to actually&nbsp; get here from the airport. The easiest way is to&nbsp;&nbsp; take bus #1, the Ligne 1, which will take&nbsp; you to Gare Saint Jean station, the main&nbsp;&nbsp; train station here in Bordeaux, it's that easy. To buy a ticket simply go to a ticket booth and&nbsp;&nbsp; literally pay with it with your contactless credit&nbsp; card or cash. You can pick a single journey, but I&nbsp;&nbsp; decided to buy a seven day all-inclusive pass,&nbsp; as I'm going to be here for quite a few days.&nbsp; To use it simply validate it on one of the&nbsp; validators on the method of transport of&nbsp;&nbsp; your choice, whether it's the bus, the trams&nbsp; or the local trains. It's literally that easy.&nbsp; When you've arrived into the centre of Bordeaux&nbsp; I recommend that you visit the tourist office to&nbsp;&nbsp; pick up a paper map. But you'll quickly find&nbsp; that Bordeaux is an incredibly walkable city.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't really need public transport&nbsp; all that much, but it's definitely handy&nbsp;&nbsp; if you don't like to walk all that much.&nbsp; One thing you will notice as soon as you&nbsp;&nbsp; enter the city of Bordeaux is that some&nbsp; of the architecture is amazing. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; take this place for example. This is an amazing&nbsp; looking building and this is just the court?!&nbsp;&nbsp; Speaking of which, let's visit the most&nbsp; famous building the Bordeaux is known for.&nbsp; The Place de la Bourse. These very picturesque colonial&nbsp;&nbsp; buildings flank this rather cool fountain. And&nbsp; when you've seen pictures or videos of Bordeaux,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's usually of the Place de la Bourse lit up&nbsp; at night. And it does look postcard perfect.&nbsp;&nbsp; When I arrived though, there was no&nbsp; water in the fountain and quite a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of it seems to be under construction. That's&nbsp; definitely the case right here at the Water&nbsp;&nbsp; Mirror (Miroir D’Eau). Technically this is&nbsp; meant to reflect the Place de la Bourse,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when I arrived it kind of looked&nbsp; like this. Rather devoid of water!&nbsp; “I think they've actually drained it and&nbsp; they'll probably refill in the summertime,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a shame. So yeah the water&nbsp; mirror is just a piece of concrete today.”&nbsp; But whether the Water Mirror Has water or not, the&nbsp; waterfront is actually quite nice to walk through.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's a bit of a garden and you'll&nbsp; get to see some very interesting ships,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you'll come across the Pont de Pierre. This is&nbsp; one of three famous bridges that spans the river.&nbsp; A short walk away from the Place de&nbsp; la Bourse you'll find Porte Cailhau.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a historic City Gate where you&nbsp; can take some lovely photos and videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at various times of the day you can actually&nbsp; go inside. But once you go through the gates,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll notice the old medieval French&nbsp; streets complete with excellent eateries&nbsp;&nbsp; and wine shops as far as the eye can see. It's&nbsp; definitely a stereotypical old French town.&nbsp; A couple streets away you'll find the Grosse&nbsp; Cloche, aka the fat Bell it's called that for&nbsp;&nbsp; obvious reasons but it definitely makes&nbsp; for some excellent photos and videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go south of that and you'll find one of the&nbsp; three most important churches in the city.&nbsp; This is the Basilique Saint Michel. Usually it looks like this, but when I arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks more like this. Another thing that's&nbsp; completely under reconstruction here in Bordeaux.&nbsp;&nbsp; The bell tower is currently off limits&nbsp; as they're currently renovating it,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you still can walk into the basilica itself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Inside; it's a grand old church for sure yes.&nbsp; There's plenty of things to see. But the one&nbsp;&nbsp; thing I want you to focus on is the sheer&nbsp; beauty of the stained glass windows in here.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're definitely possibly the most colourful&nbsp; stained glass that you'll probably ever see.&nbsp; A few streets away from that, you'll&nbsp; find the Place de la Victoire.&nbsp; It's another City Gate with this rather&nbsp; interesting Turtle sculpture slap bang&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle of it. The Public Square itself is&nbsp; nothing to write home about, but it is the start&nbsp;&nbsp; of Rue Saint Catherine. This is one of the longest&nbsp; shopping streets in all of Europe, and it'll take&nbsp;&nbsp; you a while to walk all the way up and down it.&nbsp; Yes you can find the shops that you'll find back&nbsp;&nbsp; at home, but there's some equally interesting&nbsp; quirky shops that you might want to go into.&nbsp; It's also the place where you'll&nbsp; find the best cuisine in the city,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Bordeaux has its own unique food item that you&nbsp; won't find anywhere else. They’re called Canelés,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the best description I can give you is that&nbsp; it tastes like very chewy raisin bread. Even&nbsp;&nbsp; though the chocolate covered ones were a little&nbsp; bit nicer, admittedly it's not really my thing. But once you've done your shopping and&nbsp; you've eaten a whole bunch of Canelés,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll probably come across this place.&nbsp;&nbsp; Officially it's called the Saint Andre Cathedral&nbsp; but most people know this as Bordeaux Cathedral.&nbsp; From the outside it looks like a very&nbsp; grand gothic building. And it is!&nbsp; When you step foot inside, no surprises here&nbsp; it's absolutely freaking massive inside.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pay close attention to the paintings on the&nbsp; wall and the organ right at the back. But&nbsp;&nbsp; it's definitely worth walking around, even if&nbsp; you're not really a churchgoer. The bell tower&nbsp;&nbsp; outside the Tour Pey Berland is pretty cool&nbsp; and you can pay to climb all the way up it.&nbsp; Around the corner you'll find the Hotel de Ville,&nbsp; which unfortunately is not a hotel, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; National Opera House, which is a very very lovely&nbsp; building. It's a great place to take in the opera,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ballet or a show. They do tours of the Opera&nbsp; house, but it's usually in French and it's only&nbsp;&nbsp; on select days of the week. And every time I walk&nbsp; past this restaurant there's always a mile long&nbsp;&nbsp; queue to get in it. Boy the food in here must be&nbsp; amazing! North of that you'll find the Place des&nbsp;&nbsp; Quinconces, another Public Square that's famous&nbsp; for this the monument. The Monument Aux Girondins.&nbsp; This Monument complete with all of these cool&nbsp; statues and this fountain (that also doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; water in it right now) is usually in a lush green&nbsp; park space. But as you can see from this footage,&nbsp;&nbsp; a rather tacky fair has appeared in its place.&nbsp; Although the food here looks pretty damn amazing.&nbsp; There's a couple of attractions around&nbsp; this area that I urge you to check out&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're interested. First of which&nbsp; the Musee Des Beaux Arts. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; an art lover this Fine Arts Museum is&nbsp; a great way to kill for a few hours.&nbsp; If you're not bored of churches yet, I recommend&nbsp; that you visit the Church of Saint Seurin. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; the church itself is nothing to write&nbsp; home about. You've probably got a church&nbsp;&nbsp; in your town that kind of looks like&nbsp; this. But what's cool about this place&nbsp;&nbsp; is the underground crypt that houses various&nbsp; famous Saints, including Saint Seurin himself.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's pretty creepy to know that people are in&nbsp; these tombs, but it's actually kind of cool.&nbsp; If you're interested in Roman architecture;&nbsp; the Palais Galien is nearby, which is the&nbsp;&nbsp; ruins of an ancient Roman Amphitheatre. And&nbsp; if you're not all churched out yet, the Saint&nbsp;&nbsp; Louis Church definitely comes recommended. From&nbsp; the outside it looks suspiciously like Notre Dame,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's located on Notre Dame Street, and on the&nbsp; inside it also kind of looks like Notre Dame.&nbsp;&nbsp; So yeah, interesting copycat building?! Believe it or not all of the attractions&nbsp;&nbsp; I've mentioned so far in this video&nbsp; will take you about a day to see.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tou could literally fly through all of that in a&nbsp; single day, so if you're on a quick “Whistle Stop&nbsp;&nbsp; Tour of France”, you'll be safe to know that you&nbsp; can cover most of Bordeaux in less than 24 hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what I do recommend that you save time&nbsp; for is the city's most visited attraction.&nbsp; La Cite du Vin. This Modern attraction known as “The&nbsp;&nbsp; City of Wine” in English is an all-interactive&nbsp; wine experience. And if you don't know a damn&nbsp;&nbsp; thing about wine like me, you'll be thoroughly&nbsp; educated and mesmerized at this attraction.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once you buy your ticket to go&nbsp; in, and pick up your audio guide,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll notice these rather modern interactive&nbsp; displays that interact with your audio guide.&nbsp; You'll learn all about the different wine growing&nbsp; regions, why grapes are only grown in several&nbsp;&nbsp; regions across the planet, the different types&nbsp; of grapes that make the different kinds of wine&nbsp;&nbsp; and believe it or not there's a lot! The history of wine, wine etiquette,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to assess the colour of wine, how to&nbsp; smell wine, how to taste wine, and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; basically like being on a mini wine sommelier&nbsp; course, albeit a lot more fun and exciting!&nbsp; You'll get to learn why Bordeaux specifically&nbsp; is the winemaking capital of the world, you can&nbsp;&nbsp; virtually crush grapes and see how much wine you&nbsp; produce. Amazing looking costumes by these three&nbsp;&nbsp; gentlemen here! And overall, if you know nothing&nbsp; about wine you'll learn absolutely everything&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to know from visiting this attraction.&nbsp; But the best part, rather predictably, is going&nbsp;&nbsp; up to the rooftop bar and getting a tasting of a&nbsp; complimentary white of your choice. It's pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; cool to enjoy your glass of wine overlooking&nbsp; the sunny city of Bordeaux, whilst reflecting&nbsp;&nbsp; what you've learned over a nice glass of red,&nbsp; or white, or Rose, whatever you fancy really.&nbsp; On site you can also eat here, and if you want&nbsp; some of the wine yourself they have this amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; shop downstairs just in case you want to buy some&nbsp; lovely bottles of wine to take home with you.&nbsp; Now there's other attractions that I&nbsp; could have mentioned here in Bordeaux,&nbsp;&nbsp; some of these involve crossing the bridge over&nbsp; to the other side of Bordeaux. But to be honest&nbsp;&nbsp; there really isn't that much to do on the east&nbsp; side of the city. You've got these weird statues,&nbsp;&nbsp; some nice churches and the botanical gardens&nbsp; which aren't growing anything at this time of&nbsp;&nbsp; the year (obviously!). But the ones I mentioned&nbsp; earlier in the video are the must see and do&nbsp;&nbsp; things whilst you’re here in the city of Bordeaux. But as night falls, Bordeaux becomes a very lovely&nbsp;&nbsp; city to walk around. There's plenty of outside&nbsp; eateries where you can eat some amazing food, and&nbsp;&nbsp; drink the night away with friends. But if you're a&nbsp; sightseer like me, it might be worthwhile visiting&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the attractions that we've already been&nbsp; to. Because they light up like Christmas trees,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it makes for some amazing photos and videos.&nbsp; Especially around the Grosse Cloche, Porte Cailhau&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Place de la Bourse. La Cite du Vin isn't&nbsp; lit up at night, which is a shame. But the modern&nbsp;&nbsp; bridge opposite it is, so if you want to take&nbsp; photos of that at night it looks pretty cool.&nbsp; And that tacky fair that I went to before? Well&nbsp; at night it actually comes alive! Especially if&nbsp;&nbsp; you like Fairground rides, kind of like this,&nbsp; but also it has some pretty nice food on tap.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's definitely a nice way to kill off some time&nbsp; if you're short on things to do at night here in&nbsp;&nbsp; Bordeaux. And there's still a mile long queue at&nbsp; that restaurant?! Wow it really must be good?!?!? But Ninh, I hear you ask. How do I go to some&nbsp; actual wineries? Well the best thing to do&nbsp;&nbsp; is to go back to the Bordeaux Tourism Office.&nbsp; They've got ready-made tours to take you into&nbsp;&nbsp; wine country, and the prices vary depending on&nbsp; the region, and how many wineries are on the tour.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's many different iconic wine making regions&nbsp; in Bordeaux, but if you're a bit of a wine newbie&nbsp;&nbsp; like me and you're not quite sure where to&nbsp; go, there's only one place I would recommend:&nbsp; The ancient medieval town of Saint-Émilion. This is possibly the most famous wine appellation&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world, and wines from here are&nbsp; known for their exceptional quality.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you do find a tour that takes you&nbsp; here, you definitely won't be disappointed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The town itself is incredibly picturesque,&nbsp; and it's what most people think of when they&nbsp;&nbsp; think of wine country. So if you're after a&nbsp; stereotypical experience, this is the place!&nbsp; With these narrow-cobbled streets, boutique&nbsp; eateries, wine shops obviously. But also,&nbsp;&nbsp; vineyards as far as the eye can see. Okay&nbsp; they're not growing all that much right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Come summer or harvest time, these will be full&nbsp; of grapes. But whilst you're in the town itself,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can visit the King's Tower where you get this&nbsp; lovely view over the entire town of Saint Émilion.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Town Square which has this lovely eating&nbsp; patio that's attached to the local restaurant.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you've got wine shops and wineries&nbsp; literally around every single street.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wine is definitely the lifeblood of this town! There's definitely no shortage of places where&nbsp; you can taste wine, look at wine, buy wine or do&nbsp;&nbsp; anything that's wine related. This medieval church&nbsp; right here, when you go inside it definitely is&nbsp;&nbsp; quite colourful, especially when you get the sun&nbsp; streaming in through these stained-glass windows.&nbsp;&nbsp; Be sure to check out The Cloisters, they're&nbsp; very similar to the ones I saw at Laycock&nbsp;&nbsp; Abbey near Stonehenge. It's definitely very&nbsp; picturesque and is indicative of what life&nbsp;&nbsp; was like back in medieval times. And outside&nbsp; the church you've got this lookout area that&nbsp;&nbsp; overlooks the entire town, the town square,&nbsp; and the valley of where Saint Emilion sits.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's definitely one of those wonderful things&nbsp; to do, sitting back in the Town Square, drinking&nbsp;&nbsp; wine, eating amazing food surrounded by your&nbsp; friends. The people here really know how to live! On this particular tour we ended up going into&nbsp; three wineries. The first, Chateau du Tailhas.&nbsp;&nbsp; Which is run by two brothers and is located in&nbsp; the town of Pomerol, another famous wine growing&nbsp;&nbsp; region. You wouldn't believe that this small&nbsp; farm building houses an entire winery. What most&nbsp;&nbsp; people don't realize is that there are hundreds of&nbsp; wineries dotted around this area. The facilities&nbsp;&nbsp; to make the wine are actually quite modest,&nbsp; so believe it or not this little room produces&nbsp;&nbsp; 55,000 bottles of wine a year. It's pretty&nbsp; hard to believe, but yeah that's actually true.&nbsp;&nbsp; And no they don't actually press it with their&nbsp; feet anymore, they use this contraption instead.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's really hard to believe that two people&nbsp; on this little farm can produce so much wine?!&nbsp;&nbsp; And in this underground cellar where the wine&nbsp; is aging in casks, this is one year's worth&nbsp;&nbsp; of production. It doesn't seem like a lot but&nbsp; this is enough to fill thousands of bottles.&nbsp; After every tour you get to taste the actual&nbsp; wine itself and if you like the stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can either buy the bottles directly&nbsp; from them, or have them sent to your house.&nbsp;&nbsp; The wine tasting is definitely the best&nbsp; bit, and with every tour you get at&nbsp;&nbsp; least three glasses of wine. So if you are&nbsp; driving here maybe get a designated driver.&nbsp; It's pretty much the same story at Chateau&nbsp; Franc Mayne, our second winery. The facilities&nbsp;&nbsp; are definitely a lot more modern than the first&nbsp; one we went to, and it's very interesting to see&nbsp;&nbsp; what they do differently to produce their&nbsp; wine. The most notable thing is that they&nbsp;&nbsp; actually have underground caves where the wine&nbsp; casks rest at a constant temperature year round. Our tasting session was in their showroom at Santa&nbsp; Emilion, and we've got to try wines from different&nbsp;&nbsp; brands just to compare. It definitely is worth the&nbsp; money this experience, especially considering that&nbsp;&nbsp; every winery you go to they'll give you at least&nbsp; three glasses of wine. And in the case of Chateau&nbsp;&nbsp; Franc Mayne, they give you six glasses of wine&nbsp; from other brands just to compare it to theirs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Again if you like the wine, you could buy it&nbsp; directly here or have it sent to your house.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm very impartial to this one, too bad&nbsp; it costs €125 a bottle. But that's pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; cheap compared to the most expensive bottles of&nbsp; wine here. Over five grand for a bottle, yikes!&nbsp; And our third winery of the day, an&nbsp; independent winery called Chateau Champion,&nbsp;&nbsp; run by Veronique and her husband only.&nbsp; It's pretty much a similar story. You get&nbsp;&nbsp; to see their facilities, their vineyards, their&nbsp; casks, and you get to try some wine afterwards.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I forgot to mention that when you're trying&nbsp; these wines, it's a great opportunity to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; socialize and make friends from people around the&nbsp; world. So even if you're not here for the wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely come for the socialisation. But you&nbsp; will not be disappointed if you come out here&nbsp;&nbsp; to Saint-Emilion, or any other wine growing region&nbsp; around Bordeaux. Because they're all very similar,&nbsp;&nbsp; you get wine tasting sessions and enjoy drinking&nbsp; wine in the sun whilst walking through vineyards.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are a fan of wine, this definitely&nbsp; needs adding to your bucket list. You may&nbsp;&nbsp; only visit this place one time in your life, but&nbsp; I assure you that once you do the happy memories&nbsp;&nbsp; that you'll get from here will last a lifetime.&nbsp; Whether it's the architecture, the lovely people,&nbsp;&nbsp; the beautiful French Countryside, taking&nbsp; it easy and drinking wine in wine country,&nbsp;&nbsp; I guarantee that you'll have the&nbsp; time of your life here in Bordeaux.&nbsp; Okay Ninh, I'm sold what do I need to do? Well you need to come here to Bordeaux. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; only one airport here, Bordeaux Merignac Airport,&nbsp; and as earlier mentioned in the video, the easiest&nbsp;&nbsp; way to get from the airport to the town centre is&nbsp; to take the number one bus from just outside the&nbsp;&nbsp; airport, to St Jean Train Station. You can get&nbsp; to pretty much everywhere in Bordeaux from here.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you're around Bordeaux you don't&nbsp; need public transport in order to get by,&nbsp;&nbsp; because everything is pretty much within walking&nbsp; distance. The only thing that isn't is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; La Cite du Vin, which is located way in the north&nbsp; part of the city, but it's still pretty walkable.&nbsp; The cost? Well believe it or not, most&nbsp; of the attractions I've listed here in&nbsp;&nbsp; the video are free! The only things that&nbsp; you'll really need to pay for is entry to&nbsp;&nbsp; La City du Vin, which definitely comes highly&nbsp; recommended, and if you're going on a winery&nbsp;&nbsp; tour. But other than that, most of the&nbsp; other attractions are free to look at.&nbsp; Food and drink prices are also quite reasonable.&nbsp; Wine is cheap … obviously! But it's definitely a&nbsp;&nbsp; cost-effective city as it pertains to food and&nbsp; drink. If you're looking for a place to stay,&nbsp;&nbsp; I highly recommend staying in the downtown area&nbsp; of Saint Pierre, which is the section on the map.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you do stay here everything is&nbsp; pretty much within walking distance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Please don't stay on the east side of the river,&nbsp; as there's nothing really to do here. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking to do a winery tour there's two different&nbsp; options. If you have a specific winery in mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as Chateau Cheval Blanc or something similar,&nbsp; you can arrange it directly with them. And you can&nbsp;&nbsp; literally get public transportation&nbsp; or drive yourself to these wineries.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's definitely cheaper doing it this way,&nbsp; but you have to arrange everything yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; In my case, all I did was visit the Bordeaux&nbsp; tourism office and they did all the work for&nbsp;&nbsp; me. They booked three tours and a trip to Saint&nbsp; Emilion in one day. Obviously you're paying a&nbsp;&nbsp; premium for this, and you don't necessarily&nbsp; get a choice of which wineries to visit. But&nbsp;&nbsp; it definitely makes life easy and you can enjoy&nbsp; the wine without having to drive yourself around.&nbsp;&nbsp; Speaking of wineries you can go to many&nbsp; different areas, but if you see a tour&nbsp;&nbsp; going to Pomerol and Saint-Émilion, I would&nbsp; highly recommend that you jump all over that.&nbsp; Is there anything else I need to know? Yes,&nbsp; Bordeaux Airport is a pain in the ass to get&nbsp;&nbsp; through. Passport control is slow, collecting&nbsp; bags is slow, even using the ticket machine&nbsp;&nbsp; can be quite slow. So allow plenty of time&nbsp; to get yourself in and out of the airport.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also if you're thinking about doing a winery tour,&nbsp; don't come in March like I did. Book your trip for&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of summer or September when harvest time&nbsp; is on, and I guarantee you'll have a much better&nbsp;&nbsp; time. The weather will be nicer, the temperatures&nbsp; will be hotter, and you'll actually see grapes&nbsp;&nbsp; growing in the vineyards, not at all like this. Bordeaux is definitely worth visiting once in your&nbsp;&nbsp; life, especially if you like wine, but even if you&nbsp; don't and you want some culture, nice sunshine,&nbsp;&nbsp; French Countryside - all in a cost-effective&nbsp; city break, look no further than Bordeaux!&nbsp; If you have found this video at all&nbsp; helpful, please be sure to like,&nbsp;&nbsp; share and subscribe. If you've got any questions,&nbsp; leave it in that comment section below. And if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got any other suggestions, feel free to&nbsp; tweet them at me. If I get enough suggestions,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll go ahead and make a video about it. But guys,&nbsp; thanks very much for watching and we'll see you in&nbsp;&nbsp; the next episode! Ninh&nbsp;&nbsp; Ly – www.ninh.co.uk - @NinhLyUK

  Top Comments:
  1. @UltimateBucketList [14 likes]: So the reason I visited Bordeaux in March as opposed to the summer or harvest time is simply because it was my birthday! I just wanted something to do that wasn’t in England, and I’m glad I went. It was certainly an education and I recommend anyone who’s a wine lover (or just curious) to visit Bordeaux once in their lives.
Let me know your thoughts in the comments section below! 😊
  2. @naheedquareshy7018 [5 likes]: Ninh, what can I say…we’ve been sat here watching video after video on things to do and see in Bordeaux, we got fed up of boring videos with no information! You were completely honest, straight to the point and very informative! We’ve absolutely loved your video and have actually booked our flights after watching this! You’re amazing and I look forward to watching more! ❤
  3. @kabuterrimondw5919 [4 likes]: These videos easily deserve 6 figure view numbers, honestly so helpful and thorough!
  4. @marcakerblom4935 [2 likes]: This guy is presenting this in a great manner. And best of all, no boring food segments.
  5. @basementstudio7574 [2 likes]: Great video, thanks for posting it. My father was born in Bordeaux but not sure if I still have any relatives there. Do you think Bordeaux would make a good retirement destination? BTW, @ the 4:48 mark in the video when you were at the Place de la Victoire there were some people in orange jackets that looked like they were either going to confront you or help you. sometime it's hard to figure out which till it's too late. What where they about?
  6. @timmills5496 [1 likes]: Great video and maps
  7. @dalpatsingh5262 [1 likes]: Sula Wine testing Vineyard Nashik India
  8. @greggmark8872 [1 likes]: One thing he did leave out and I know he can’t put everything in here about his trip to Bordeaux. I recently returned from there, and if you’re a foodie, their farmers markets are unbelievable. They have one of the oldest farmers markets in the country I believe started back in the 1700s and then they have a new modern farmers market by the river, which is just also as phenomenal. Also, I did enjoy your video.
  9. @70svd [1 likes]: Hey very informative video, great job. Funny i thought you’re white if you didn’t show your face 😅
  10. @LyNguyen-cz8sj [1 likes]: Hey Ninh. Great work! First time running across your videos.
  11. @darshanacelis9803 [1 likes]: Hi Ninh, i just came across your video researching wine tours in the Bordeaux region.  I'm curious how much did you pay for your wine tour and what was the company name that you booked with?
  12. @katebeck609 [1 likes]: Thank you for your information that is detailed & helpful for our future trip to Bordeaux. 😊
  13. @batok110 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. We are planning a trip to Bordeaux, and your video has been most helpful.  Thoroughly enjoyed.
  14. @JoBern365 [1 likes]: Hi there. Love your video. We arrived this afternoon in Bordeaux and after we settled in our hotel room, went out for a walk. Managed to see / walk by most of the sites you mentioned in less than 2 hours.
  15. @thisisthetruth2458 [1 likes]: Thanks for a very nice and informative video!
  16. @batok110 [1 likes]: Thank you very much for sharing so generously . I have enjoyed your video tremendously.  Will be  making a trip to Bordeaux in June  and all your tips are so useful.  Cheers , from Singapore.
  17. @shanewa_19 [1 likes]: Hi Ninh, did the wine tours that you went on include transport to/from the wineries or did you have to make your own way?🇫🇷🍷
  18. @shanewa_19 [1 likes]: I’ve been to a lot of places in the world but Bordeaux is definitely on my to-do list. Hopefully in the future🍷🤞🏽
  19. @himherlost8857: We had the best time driving around France in May this year. It was our favourite country in all of Europe. However,  we went to Le Carre for dinner on your recommendation and had a very average experience. The worst part of it was the service. The young guys serving that evening were inattentive and rude, and the food average. Everywhere else we dined was good. We had an exceptionally good  experience at the small town of Luynes  at a hotel restaurant called Le X11 de Luynes.
  20. @Nadine-xv1kr: Opera in French!!!!  in a French city!!!  shocking!!!!

- Adventure in Bordeaux France? Fun in The World's Most Iconic Wine Region!: Kind: captions Language: en (wine pouring) (upbeat music) - Bienvenue à Bordeaux. Quite possibly the most famous wine region on the planet, welcome to Bordeaux, France. If this is new territory for you, get excited. Bordeaux has been the gold standard in the world of winemaking for centuries. The mere mention of it conjures images of grand châteaus with even grander reputations. But if you think you do know Bordeaux, think again. Yes, this region has some of the most prestigious and expensive wines ever sold, but that's only part of the story here. We're gonna meet an entirely new generation of winemakers, a generation that's making wines in every style and price imaginable. From fun sparkling rosés' and reds for any weeknight, to more serious whites and famed wines for dessert. There's a Bordeaux wine for every occasion. Your dad's precious Bordeaux collection may be impressive, but it's time to get to know all that Bordeaux has to offer. Welcome to Bordeaux, and welcome to "V is for Vino." While there are flight options directly to Bordeaux, I opted to fly into Paris and hop on a train for a little more adventure. Normally, it takes about 5 1/2 hours to drive between the two cities. But by bullet train, we're faced with only two. Gotta love Europe! Bordeaux is both a city and a wine region about 310 miles from Paris in southwest France. The good soil in this region, along with its access to the Atlantic via the Garonne River, makes it ideal for wine growing. So much so, that there's actually evidence of wine being grown here as far back as the 1st century AD. Bordeaux's first big break wasn't until the 12th century though when a royal marriage solidified England's ownership of Bordeaux for over 300 years. This allowed England to import Bordeaux wine and promote it across the globe. The next big push for Bordeaux came from the Dutch in the 16th century. During this time, the entire left bank of the river was unusable swamp and marsh. So the Dutch used their technology to drain the land in order to transport wine easier, and simultaneously opened up that whole side of the river for wine growing. If you know Bordeaux, you know that this area, now called the Médoc, is where some of the most famed wines in Bordeaux come from. By the late 1600s, some of the châteaus we know today were starting to gain reputations. People weren't asking for just any ol' Bordeaux wine. They wanted their favorite producers. By the 1700s, the boundaries for these specific AOCs, or appellations, were being drawn. By the 1800s, Bordeaux was pretty well-known, but it was nothing compared to the grand stage they're about to be on. See, in 1855, something happened that changed the wine world and Bordeaux forever, but we're gonna save that story till we're in the city. Worth it, right? (energetic music) Alright, so the 1855 classification is one of those instances in history when a seemingly small event has enormous, unexpected, long-term ramifications. It all started as a simple request from King Napoleon III. In 1855, Napoleon III decided to throw his own sort of world's fair in Paris, called a Universal Exposition. One of the things he wanted to show the world was just how amazing French wine was. Easy enough, right? So he asked the Bordeaux Chamber of Commerce to come up with a list of the best châteaus to present at the event. They weren't thrilled at the task. It'd be like if you were told to go rank your children. Sounds impossible, but they did it nevertheless. The Bordeaux Chamber of Commerce proceeded to rank 61 châteaus into 5 different categories, based on the price wines were currently selling at. The wines that were selling at the highest price were called first growths, and then second growths, et cetera, down to fifth growths. (bright music) The list included only a small fraction of Bordeaux wines. Almost all of them were in the Médoc region, which is just one part of Bordeaux, and almost all of them were red. And most importantly, no one intended this list to be used past Napoleon's Universal Exposition. Never mind have it be the end all be all of lists forever. In fact, it was written almost entirely on the back of an envelope, but the list stuck. And nearly two centuries later, the 1855 classification still affects the pricing and reputation of a lot of wines. Many on the list have now become collector wines and are sold at auctions for thousands of dollars, or even as futures, which are wines that are sold even before release. I've had the opportunity to try a lot of these cru, or top of the list, wines. And listen, they're all great wines, but the classification of 1855 is by no means a comprehensive list of all that Bordeaux has to offer. In the same year, Sauternes and Barsac made a classification as well. Eventually, the right bank also wanted their own classifications. So they wrote the St. Émilion Classification in 1955. And everyone was at it, Graves wanted one too. They wrote their own classification in 1953 and once again in 1959. Then there's the more modern producer-made classifications, the Cru Bourgeois and the Cru Artisan. You also have a whole bunch of areas with no classifications whatsoever, like Pomerol, or Enter-Deux-Mers. Add to these lists all of the different appellations there are, and it's no wonder why some people are intimidated when they first learn about Bordeaux wines. But here's the good news! You don't have to worry about any of these classifications if you don't want to. Because if we've learned anything from our history lesson, it's that being on a list may sound important, but it doesn't necessarily mean that much. All of Bordeaux, classified or not, makes great wine. And, unlike some regions where you need to spend an arm and a leg to just get your foot in the door, really good Bordeaux wines can be had at all different price points and in all different styles. If you wanna spend hundreds of dollars on a special occasion wine from a famous château, great, you can do it. But just know that classified growths are only 2% of Bordeaux wines. 90% of wine here is under $50 a bottle. Plus, Bordeaux produces 600-900 million bottles per year. That is a ton of amazing wine at a solid price point. To put that in perspective, the entire Napa Valley makes around 120 million bottles per year. And despite its bold reputation, Bordeaux makes a lot more than just red wine. There's incredible whites, rosés, dessert wines, and even sparklers. This means that whatever the time or place, there's a high quality, affordable Bordeaux wine ready to be had. Bordeaux is one of the most loved French cities around. It's relaxed, laid back, and livable. There's so much to see and do, especially for wine lovers. So I needed a guide to help me comb through it all. This is Alex. He's a teacher at the L'Ecole De Vin Wine school in Bordeaux, and just generally one of the most knowledgeable gentlemen I know when it comes to the region. So this is downtown Bordeaux? - This center, yeah, the historic center of Bordeaux. - So you are not French as I can clearly tell. Where are you from? - I'm from Scotland. - Okay. - Hence the outrageous accent. - Yeah. And what brought you here? - Originally, I studied to be a translator. Came to Bordeaux to translate video games, a lot of things. Best job ever for a little while. Then I kind of got into wine just through being in Bordeaux. - Okay, so you just came and said... You never left basically. - Yeah, I'm the tourist who never left. That's pretty much me. - What was it that drew you here and said, "All right, this is the place where I'm gonna actually stay long-term"? - Just love the city. Just a nice place, it was easy. Bordeaux feels quite small. It's human size. It's not a massive place. Barcelona can be quite intimidating or London quite intimidating, but Bordeaux is really friendly. - It is kind of the perfect big small town, but the at the same time, it is a huge region. There's enough to explore to keep you busy for decades. - Oh, for sure. It's massive. As soon as you go and see the center and you start actually looking at the vineyards and the reach of Bordeaux as an appellation, it's enormous. - What's cool is that it's not one direction. It's literally every direction you go, you will be in wine country. - Absolutely. - And Bordeaux is kind of the epicenter or the heartbeat of it. - There's always new things happening, the new generation of winemakers. There's always new things, new bars opening, new events happening. - From a wine perspective, when you say, okay, it's modern and it's also got this tradition, I mean, when I think of Bordeaux wine and when you study it, you study the big houses, you study the classification, but that's not the whole story. - No, not at all. When you first look at Bordeaux, you see all the big names, you see the Grand Cru like you said. But the Grand Cru is maybe 5% of the châteaus in Bordeaux, maybe. - Wow. - So for me, the important thing is to try and find things outside of the classification, find new things, find different things. There's always someone trying something new, a new variety, a new aging system, new things in biodynamics to trying... There's a lot of testing going on. - Very cool. So we're heading now to the L'Ecole. - We're gonna to the L'Ecole de Vin, so the wine school, which is just over there. - Okay, this is L'Ecole De Vin. And what classes are taught here? - Loads of different ones. Blending workshops, basic level tasting classes, cheese and wine pairing. chocolate and wine is one of the new ones. The cocktail workshops, sort of making cocktails with the white wines of Bordeaux. - This is where you work, you teach, but it's also a wine bar. - Yes, so this is the downstairs part. This is the bar a vin, wine bar. - [Vince] All these wines that are in these bar are kind of subsidized rather. - [Alex] Yeah. - So that you can come in as out of towner and try some wines that would be maybe be inaccessible otherwise. - It's not a profit organization. They're not trying to make money. It's not a wine bar in the true sense of the word. So you can have... Look, we've got a 2016 Pomerol, the most expensive wine, at eight euros. - Some of these are two or three euro. - Yeah, you can come in have a glass of Crémant for like 3 Euros. - Yeah, I mean I love Europe. Bordeaux is just is Bordeaux. There's other regions that maybe have similar soil, but there's something so distinct about Bordeaux that is I think I think part history, party terroir, part tradition. - You were talking earlier about the wines in California. Those more stereotype wines, the fruit bombs. Bordeaux tends to be a little bit earthier, be a little bit more gritty perhaps, old school. - All right, so what's our next stop on our Bordeaux tour? - We'll go ahead to the Citeé du Vin. - What is that? - The wine museum. - Wine museum? - I've never heard of a wine museum. - Well, you're about to. (Vince laughs) - To get to our very high tech museum, we decided to take some very low tech transpiration. Biking has always been bigger in Europe than in the states, and the bike lanes are really well designed. They usually have a separate curb so you're nowhere near the cars, and digital rentable bikes are available everywhere. I love seeing cities on bike, because its the perfect medium between zipping by too fast to see the sights in a car and taking too long to get there by walking. And Bordeaux is just large enough where biking in beneficial, but small enough to where it doesn't take too long to get from a to b. We arrived at the Cité du Vin, the museum of wine. The building alone is an architectural wonder, meant to look like wine pouring into a decanter. Once inside, you pick up your digital key, which looks a bit like a phone, that unlocks all the exhibits. The first thing you're greeted with is a panorama of wine regions from all over the world. But that was just the start. Okay, so I got my phone. Tap? - Yep. - All right, it opens up. It tells you the climate. This is so cool. And then I say I wanna hear from her. This is great. She comes and tells you. This is kinda like what I always try to do in the show. It's like virtual tasting, virtual visiting. - It's kinda matrix-y, isn't it? This is cool. You can touch everything. All the exhibits are interactive, and I have no idea how they gathered this much information. Globes that tell you what grapes are grown where, in what percentages, how many wineries there are, and more. A walkthrough on the worlds history of wine. Details on every single grape, its profile, what it looks like. - This shows you the shape of the grape, the vine leaves. The winemaking process from start to finish in giant yeast strains. Giant touchable wine bottles detailing the styles of wine. I guess I don't know what I expected when I came in here, but it was not this. I moved through virtual ancient worlds, talked with master sommeliers. And my favorite part? Smelling recreated wine aromas. Where was this when I was studying for my exam. - For exams, yeah. - Yeah, where was this? This is crazy. - [Alex] But they're similar, same. - [Vince] How did they do this? - [Alex] I wish I knew. - This is mind-blowing. this might be my favorite part so far. There's a killer wineshop, a top floor with views of the city and tasting bar, a library, and I'm sure other things I missed. There's just so much in here. I can't think of a better city than Bordeaux to host this museum. A place that's been so iconic to the wine world should be the place that houses its history. Hey, Vino fans. I wanna talk to you about signing up for Vino VIP. And since I don't wanna bother you with a ton of commercials while you're trying to watch the show, I wanna put all the cliche marketing angles into just this one. Here we go. (somber music) I know we come off as a big production, but the reality is the entire operation is myself and a few other part-time employees. We're not affiliated with a studio or TV channel. We really wanna keep the show going, but literally can't do it without your help. So please, if the show has entertained you, helped you learn or pass a wine exam, if I've answered your DMs and questions, or if the show has just brought you value in any way, support the small business that provided it, and join Vino VIP which is our very own membership program. If you enjoy the show, joining Vino VIP is a must anyway. Membership starts at just $5 a month, and here are some of the benefits. Early access to all our videos, including new episodes of the show. Every quarter, I host a virtual tasting and Q&A just for VIP members. Every month, we raffle off wine glasses and prizes. And once a year, even have a big winner who gets a personalized tasting where I send wine and food to your house and host a tasting for you and your friends. Plus, if you're a gold member or platinum member, you get your name in the credits of an episode. Kinda like this. I never wanna charge for individual episodes or, worse yet, be unable to make the show at all, but that's why we need support from those of you who can. It's only $5, which is less than a Starbucks coffee, so it's really in reach. Everybody assumes that their support won't make a difference, but I promise you it does. Look at all these pretty members-only content you're missing out on. Behind the scenes videos, episode commentaries, and full-length interviews that be seen nowhere else but our members-only session. The first month is free. You literally have nothing to lose. I know this was long, but everything I just said is 100% true. We have tens of thousands of fans. And even if a small percentage of you joined, we could keep making videos for you in the long term. And the last perk is they can start watching episodes in the members section, and you don't have to hear this pitch or see ads ever again. Thank you to our existing Vino VIP members, and thanks for considering joining. I've experienced a handful of wine regions at this point, but always on foot. So why not switch it up? Like, all the way up. Adventure Vince was excited at the chance to see Bordeaux from way up in the sky, albeit in a tiny, little plane. Oh, and then there's motion sickness Vince, and well, he was gonna have to suck it up for a bit. Château Venus is a winery, but also offers several different tours of Bordeaux from the sky. - In 2005, we started the winery. And a couple of years after, we decided to start flights. Because when you fly, you see the different place I will see Graves, Sauternes, Entre-Deux-Mers. - You can see the whole region. - Oh yes, all the region, the river, the village, Grand Cru Classé also. Five years after, we have five planes. - Oh you have five planes now. - And we fly every day. And so now anybody can come and take the tour with you. - Everybody. We have kids flights. We have fantastic flights, short, long, depends on what you want to see. - Are we ready to go up? - Yes, we are ready. - All right, let's do it. I strapped in, buckled up, and prepared for takeoff. Once we we were up, you really could see the region. The maps I studied for so many years, all laid out in front of me in real life. While I'm getting my overhead tour of the region, allow me to give you yours. Bordeaux runs along the 45th parallel, which is known as one of the great winemaking lines of latitude in the world. This parallel also runs through parts of the Rhône Valley, Piedmont, and Willamette Valley in Oregon. The largest AOC in Bordeaux is simply that, the Bordeaux AOC. For the base level of the Bordeaux AOC, the grape can come from anywhere in Bordeaux and the rules are pretty minimal. There's also a bunch of sub categories, but just know that this level has the most flexibility. The next level is Bordeaux Supérieur. These wines also can come from anywhere in Bordeaux, but they have stricter requirements for the grapes and aging. Okay, now let's get into the real fun stuff, the commune AOCs. Here at the top level, there are fairly strict geographic and quality controls in place. There are two main parts to Bordeaux, the left bank and the right bank. If you only take one thing from this entire conversation, remember this. Places in the left bank, or the left side of the river, make Cabernet Sauvignon based blends, and places in the right bank make Merlot based blends. Got it? Good. Now while there are 65 different AOCs in Bordeaux, there's a few worth calling out. The left bank is most well known for the Médoc, Haut-Médoc, and Graves. Within these AOC's you'll find the five most famous communes that produce all of the wines we talked about earlier in the 1855 classification. On the right bank, you have equally famous Merlot producing communes, Pomerol and St. Émilion. Where the river splits is the aptly named Entre-deux-mers, which means between two tides, and is known for its dry white wines from Sauvignon Blanc and Sémillon Blends. You have Sauternes and Barsac, famous for their botrytis white dessert wines from Sémillon. And finally, you've got the laid back Côtes de Bourg which are five appellations spread across the region that produce all colors and styles. If a wine happens to have a classification of some sort, it's in addition to these location-based AOCs. Let's do a few examples with actual examples with bottles. Check out this label - the château name is the producer. Haut-Médoc is the AOC, or the place where the wine was made. Since we know Haut-Médoc is on the left bank, we know this is a Cabernet Sauvignon based blend. The Cru Bourgeois is a special classification awarded in addition to the commune designation. Let's do another. The producer is the château. St. Émilion is the place. And since we know its on the right bank, it's a Merlot based blend with more specific quality controls. And Grand Cru Classe is a classification awarded in addition to the commune designation. The more labels you see, the more it makes sense. There are a bunch of smaller communes all over Bordeaux that have plenty of great value wines as well. You might have to do some googling at first to learn their names, but that's okay. I do it too. Alright, I'd say it's time to get back on land and somewhere I'm a little more comfortable. A pleasure. Thank you very, very much. That was awesome. It's cool. (camera shutter clicking) (gentle music) Right up the road from my airplane landing zone was an often overlooked part of Bordeaux compared the famous left and right bank. This area between the two major rivers of the Garonne and the Dordogne is home to a lot of the hidden gems of the region. Sainte Croix du Mont, Loupiac, Cadillac, Entre deux Mers. Here's where you'll find famous Sauternes houses, walled villages with cobblestone streets, fossilized oysters walls from the ancient seabeds, and a lot of fantastic wineries, like Château Biac. Situated in Cadillac right along the Garrone river, it's unique location has some advantages, as I was about to find out. Plus, I was told the family that owned it was Lebanese like me, and they promised me dinner was in the works. How could I turn that down? You guys could've picked maybe a better spot. - No, it's terrible. My parents were looking for a place to retire. It was either Lebanon or here because we had fallen in love and made lots of friends here. And every time they look for property, they were like, "Okay, we need to find something, but the rule of thumb is no vines and definitely no wine production." - Oh that was the rule. - That was the rule. And Every time they would- - That obviously panned out. - Yeah, exactly. So they were looking for a property. And every time they looked, it was nice, but it wasn't this. And well, here we are. - [Vince] Now when you say there are great soils here, what does that mean? - We're quite lucky because we have soils from Saint-Émilion, so the right bank. We have soils from the Médoc, which is the left bank. - So you're kind of the best of both worlds, which probably allowed you to do a lot of different styles of wine. - We do a dry white, red, and sweet. - [Vince] Okay. - And that's down to the particularity of the property. So the Garonne River, you see it comes towards us, and then it curves around. Okay, and thousands of years ago, this was under water. - This was all under water. - This was all under water, but it always curved here. This is a natural bend. So what happened was as the river slows down, the deposits start to change. Because as it slows down, the lighter deposit sink. And as it accelerates out on the other side, on the curve, what happens is all the gravel gets pushed along. Here's a good example. He says looking for dirt. So as you can see, this is sandy clay. Okay? There's no gravel in here. - Yep, and this is your quintessential right bank soil. - Exactly. What's super weird is we're literally just going to cross this road, so that's what four meters, five meters, you got gravel. - And you can see it. Look at it. - You just got it here. - Yeah, you can see it in the ground. I know you may not be a soil nerd, but come on, that's really cool, right? A few more minutes chatting with Gabriel, and it was time to head down for a tasting. - Cheers to you. - Thank you for having me, first off. - Cheers. - Thank you, thank you. - You're most welcome. Felicie is made of very much a bit like a Burgundian wine, oak barrels and on the lees. - White Bordeaux is so unique because so many of them are doing it in this style, so you get the beautiful acidity from Sauvignon Blanc, but you get this richness that you just don't get with some of the super crisp high acid steel Sauv Blanc. - The sub soils are very rich in seashells and fossils. - When you get that saline minerality- - That's right. - The chalk minerality. It's the first thing and it's the focus to me of the wine. I talk mineral first, and then I'm looking for the fruit after, and that's what's fun. - What we try to do in Biac with our wines is focus on the personality, the character of the vintage. So the parents are the vineyard and the children are the vintages. - Okay, I love that. - And the children all look alike, and they look like their parents, but they're all different. So every year there could be a new child, and every year there's a new vintage. - That's a busy mother every year. - Yeah, mother nature. (both laughs) Now '14, I put it in because, unusually, we have a lot of Petit Verdot in the '14. It is there to reveal the other flavors, not to kill the other flavors. Thank you. - I get a beautiful floral component right away, like violets. - Very much so. - Good backbone, good structure. And what is nice about this, as opposed to places like Burgundy that are stuck with whatever the year gives them in that one grape, you have the flexibility of blending the way that can maybe assist in... I always say good winemakers make good wine in poor years. If you trust the winemaker and you trust the producer, that's where I say to put your heart. - So now we're going to go, finally, to the sweet wines. So again it's... But- - sorry, I'm already so happy. - Every year we've been able to produce botrytis based sweet wine. - And botrytis happens naturally. - Botrytis actually happens because of the river. The Sauternes, and Barsac, and all those regions is because, in the summer, late summer, you get a mist that comes from the river, and it favors the conditions for botrytis to grow. - Dried figs, dried apricot, marmalade. - Almost like smoke character. And this with, oh my, with the foie grass. - With the foie gras. - It's like the ultimate... This is one of the ultimate I'd say top five parings on the planet. As we finished our wines, Youmna and Gabriel threw some vines in a wheelbarrow, the vintner's version of coals on the fire. They grilled up some kofta, made some fattoush, Lebanese dishes that made me feel at home. An American boy eating Lebanese food in France, with some French, some Italians, and a Scott. Who'd've thought? The big deal in Bordeaux is blending, and that's how most wines here are made, by blending different grapes together. 100% varietal wines are pretty uncommon. There are five grapes used in Bordeaux red wines, and each lends a different characteristic to the wine. They allows each winemaker to have a unique style by blending the way that fits their personality, like a painter does with a color palette. As far as flavors go, red Bordeaux to me is super distinct. The soil lends to a dusty, graphite minerality that's really unique to Bordeaux. I haven't found it elsewhere, and personally, it's my favorite part of the wine. It's fruit character is usually in black currant and plum land, and violets and herbs are common as well. You even get a lot of oak aging with red Bordeaux which provides cedar and chocolate, or sometimes cappuccino notes. So how do we compare the two sides of Bordeaux? I like to say it's similar to golden retrievers versus Labradors, both dogs, both very similar, but different enough that you probably have a preference between the two. The left bank vs right bank comparison is also similar to Napa versus Sonoma. The left bank is a bit more famed, the estates a bit more grand, while the right bank is a little more rugged, there's a lot more space, and the wineries feel more like farms. Let's start with the left bank, which remember, are our Cabernet Sauvignon based blends. The reason it's Cab Sauv is because the left bank has well draining, gravely soils that the grape tends to like better. These blends are typically at least 60% Cabernet Sauvignon, with Merlot playing second fiddle, and Cabernet Franc, Malbec, and Petit Verdot rounding out the back. These wines are known for being tannic and powerful, capable of aging for decades in the right vintages. The right bank has clay soils, which lends itself better to Merlot. In fact, Bordeaux as a whole makes about twice as much Merlot than it does cabernet sauvignon, even though Cab Sauv tends to get more of the spotlight. Right bank blends are usually Merlot based with some Cabernet Franc. They're known to be a bit more feminine and softer, as the tannin structure is a bit lower and the fruit character a bit higher. Because of this, they're usually more approachable younger. If you were hoping for something other than red, you're in luck. Because an increasing amount of wine coming out of Bordeaux is sparkling, rosé, white, and dessert. However, there are two historic types of wines worth paying special attention too, the first being Bordeaux white blends. These are white wines made from blending Sémillon and Sauvignon Blanc. And fun fact, Sauvignon Blanc is originally from Bordeaux. These blends are the perfect combo of fresh, fruity, and acidic. You get that fresh acidity from the Sauvignon Blanc that's rounded out by the smooth, honeyed Sémillon. Think lemon-lime, chamomile, lemon curd, grapefruit, wet rocks, and honey. Finally, there's no way we can't talk about Bordeaux's world famous dessert wines, many of which come from Sauternes. These are still Sémillon based, but are affected by Botrytis, a type of fungus, that removes the water content of grapes on the vine while leaving the sugar, and thus producing super sweet wine. The wines taste like honey, ginger, orange marmalade, and beeswax, all in one delicious bottle. They're honestly a life changing wine experience, and should be on every wino's bucket list. Did you guys know that on our website, we have the places we visited listed on each episode's page, the wines we drank available for sale, and our VIP section with bonus videos? I just thought I'd let you know. Markets are great, aren't they? And French markets, even better. So I jumped at the opportunity to meet my new friend Basaline at one, and grab some ingredients for our upcoming lunch that she was hosting. And of course, take some time to indulge my obsession with French pastries. All right, so we're heading over here. - Yeah, sure. - Great. - Get some bread here. Would you fancy a croissant for your breakfast? - I probably do. No, I didn't eat breakfast. What is that one with the, the kinda long one? - [Basaline] This is chocolate with it? - Anybody want a pastry? Pastry, anybody want? Okay, okay, enough with the pastries. We had real food to buy. I see the mussels. Wow, look at that. - We should stop here. Yeah, we should go for mussels. I make a very nice mussel soup. - [Vince] Okay, perfect. - It's a family recipe, so I'll give you my tricks on that one. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll take the secrets. - What else would you like to eat? - [Basaline] Sardines could be a good- - Let's do the sardines. I love sardines. - You love sardines? - Love sardines. (Basaline speaks in foreign language) - Perfect. Yeah. those on the grill I think would be good. Do we need to get one of these? - It's a lot of garlic. I love it. The marketing was a dizzying array of meats, produce, cheeses, breads, live chickens, some man with a hat selling vanilla beans, and the most robust spice monger I've ever seen. The colors and scents drawing us in and eventually spitting us out for un café, as one finds themselves often doing in France. I used the opportunity to chat with Basaline about a group of winemakers she's a part of called Bordeaux Oxygène. The name's to challenge the stereotype of traditional stuffy Bordeaux château, and focus on the younger generation of wine producers and wine consumers. Tell me about the Bordeaux Oxygène. What is that? How did it get started? - Bordeaux Oxygène started in 2005, so 16 years ago. We were willing to give another image of the producer producing Bordeaux, not just a big château with the fancy style which looks unapproachable. - [Vince] Sure, sure. - And we think our wines are very approachable, not in terms only of taste. But also in terms of price. Our wines are not only for old people also, but we want to touch also younger population and younger consumers. - Sure. As we spoke, members of Bordeaux Oxygène were on their way to Basaline's house, so we needed to head home and start prepping lunch. With our ingredients in hand, we headed to Basline's home and winery, Château Mont Pérat, to prepare our lunch. First off, can you say hashtag kitchen goals? This range was gorgeous, the fireplace in the kitchen, a separate room with sinks to keep dirty dishes out of sight, and most importantly, the dining table smack dab in the middle of the space so the cooking and eating experience merges into one. We had a lot to prepare, so we needed some help, which luckily wasn't too far behind, a few other members of Bordeaux Oxygène. Basaline's brother Thibault lit up the fireplace with vines, and handled the grilled sardines. I cleaned mussels and made dough, and worked the room with a glass of wine in hand. The sisters Marie and Sylvie took over the finishing of the cold mussel soup and baking of a fresh tomato tart. And besides being ringleader, Basaline took charge of the most handsome piece of veal I've ever seen. She chopped tons of garlic, veal fat, and parsley, and threw it in the oven to finishing cooking while we sat down for our first courses and our wine. - Okay, even the head. You eat everything. - Everything. The entire sardine. - So good. And this is your wine. - Yeah, Sauvignon Blanc, Sauvignon Gris and Sémillon. Barrel fermented. - Why I live white Bordeaux so much is 'cause this nice blend of high acid crisp Sauvignon Blanc. Round it with the Seémillon, round with the lees, round it with the barrel. And so you still get a fresh wine that has some weight and some complexity. - But we know with the global warming, we tend to have less acidity. - [Vince] It's harder. - And it's harder to keep the freshness, so we have to pick very early. We have to be ready end of August. - You say end of August. What did it used to be when you picked? - Oh, it used to be... My grandfather I think started picking the grapes at the end of September. - A month. - The white varieties. - A month later. - Yeah, a month. In two generation. - I was telling my dad, our dad is in Brazil, "Oh, dad, we finished the harvest on the 24th of September." And he said, "49 years ago, we started the harvest on the 24th of September because it was the birth of our older brother." He knows that day. - He remembers quite well. Yeah, my mother complained 'cause he was celebrating with the nice young girls picking the grape. (all laughs) - I want to know more about Bordeaux Oxygene and why it was started. - It was more about promoting our wines in a more modern style. Not to stay behind the table pouring our wines. - It's less about the style about the wine, and it's more about saying- - It's more about communicating. - Hey, not every winery here is a giant château- - With a bunch of maybe investment or a bunch of old money. There are other types of wineries here. And in this group, you have very, very well-known château, but the owner is still very humble. - It's just that sometimes maybe Bordeaux has the image of being intimidating a little bit that you have to know a lot with Bordeaux, which is absolutely not the case. And so the idea was to show that real people behind wines. It's not only about the big châteaus and stuff, and go after the consumers, and say, "Hey, we like you guys. Come on." - Winemakers are fans as well, right? We had our mussel soup, served chilled, which was really unique. It was mussels, shallot, espelette, parsley, chive, and olive oil. Then we popped our red and served up the most perfectly cooked veal. Oh my god, the veal. It's so good, with the garlic and the parsley. It's perfect. - You have to like fat, huh. It's one of the condition. - Is your wine too? - Yes, 2016. Naujan, Naujan is the name of the village here. - Yeah, it's Merlot, two different types of Merlot and a bit of Cab Franc in there. - The wine is pretty, aromatic on the nose, delicious, kind of flowers. - It's giving a little iron a little bit on the nose. - I like it because it is earthy. I mean it smells terroir very much I think. - Between Château Biac, Château Venus, and now here, I was starting to get a better sense for the real Bordeaux. There are literally thousands of wine producers here, and the bulk of them look like this, family wineries making great, unpretentious wine that they themselves are happy to sit around the table and enjoy on any given occasion. Cheers, everybody, before we forget. Thank you so much for hosting me. This is absolutely incredible. I'm honored to be here. St. Émilion has a special place in wine lovers' hearts. Wine has been produced in this historic region since the Roman times. And while it only represents about 6% of Bordeaux wine production, its impact on the wine world has been far larger. Some of the Merlot based wines from St. Émilion have achieved icon status. Their Chateaus ingrained in the memories and dreams of somms across the world. The medieval town of St. Émilion in the center of the region boasts its own history. In the 8th century, a monk named Émilion, who would eventually be the towns namesake, arrived and his followers followed. Eventually, church's were built in his honor, including the famous monolithic church of St. Émilion. I say built, but it was actually mostly excavated. It's the largest underground church in Europe, carved out of the rock in the 12th century. I'd never seen anything like it, because there's not too many things like it on the planet. If you combine the church with the hilly cobblestone streets, restaurants, ancient wash stations, and abbeys, and abundance of wine shops, you've got a town that's absolutely worth a stop on your trip. As we've learned, when it comes to wine, Bordeaux is all about the blend. But who's doing all this blending and how do they make those choices? To find that out, I headed to Château Cormeil Figeac in St. Émilion, one of the many female-owned and operated Châteaus in Bordeaux, to meet with Coraline Moreaud and take a special masterclass in blending. - It's my great grandparents who bought the first hectares in 1940. At the time it was war, when you owned land, a good reason not to go to war. - You could say, "I have to tend to my land." And then each generation bought more land, and now we have 25 hectares, which is a good size in St. Émilion. There's something I would like to show you here. - Right here. - Tree, you see? we are growing some trees in our vineyard. Here in St. Émilion, we are growing vines, vines, vines for hundreds, thousands of years. We have been doing that, and so now the soil has become poor. By growing trees, we want to favor biodiversity and attract animals, insects, birds to create a network, a life network. - Why does St. Émilion has this kind of reputation. I learn about wine, you learn, oh, the wines of St. Émilion. Why do you think that is? - There's a few answers. Some people will say, ah, it's the terroir. Nothing can beat the terroir in St. Émilion. It's so special, the soil. Others will say, well, it's because St. Émilion was very well located in terms of being able to ship very easily the wine because we have a river. We have Bordeaux, which is close, and that is how the reputation of St. Émilion grew. - Everywhere we've been I think has been a third or fourth generation business. - Yes, yes. - And so there's still the passion for the winemaking. It's not just a money-making venture. I hope you make some money, but everybody has passion here. - Yes, yes, yes, yes. You have one, two, three, four, five samples. - Samples. And so we are going to fill four of them with different wines from our production. And the fifth sample, it will be your blend. - My blend. If you remember, the traditional right bank blend is Merlot and Cabernet Franc, but the blending process isn't quite that simple. We grabbed four different wines, plain Merlot, plain Cabernet Franc, Merlot aged in new oak, and Merlot aged in used oak. Perfect. All right. So let's try this on its own. - Very fruity. - Lots of fruit and alcohol. - That's all there is in this glass. And this is quite a simple smell. It's nice, but it's simple. And if somebody tells me, "Oh, your wine is simple." - Not so good. - So that's why we blend. - 'Cause if we gave them just this, okay, this is fine, I can drink it, but you know... - Yeah, yeah. - Good tannin structure. It's a young wine. So tannins are very- - Strong. - Strong when the wine is young. Next, cabernet franc. More fresh. - More fresh. - Absolutely, absolutely, as in freshness, lift maybe. - We'll start with the new barrel. - I mean wildly different. You are drinking a completely different wine. You start to get some of those, those baking spice notes that we like. - [Coraline] Yes, yes. - We have our used oak. And just as I would expect. It's kind of in between the two we have. You've added some of the softening with the oxygen, but not quite as much as the flavor of the oak. So in most of our wines, we do 70% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Franc. - Okay, that's a good amount of Cabernet Franc. - Well, now it's your call. Very nice. So if I was starting, I would probably start with... We have our Cab Franc, and we know we're gonna put, like you said, maybe about 25, 30%. I like the used barrel Merlot. I thought that that was very, very close to what I would want anyway. - [Coraline] Okay. - Why don't I try just that first? - I'm gonna try just Cabernet Franc and used barrel. I'm gonna see where that is. - [Coraline] Good idea. - That being said, you're the expert, so where would you go from there? We say, okay, we tried this. What do you think it's lacking? - Maybe more barrel, maybe more new barrel. - [Vince] More new barrel, a little more spice. - I like barrels very much. After a bit of experimentation, I got something I was proud to slap the V is for Vino stamp of approval on. I think I'm locking it in. Final answer. - I even got to bottle it up, cork it, and label it. And by the way, if you visit, she offers this as a class, so you can do this too. Very, very, very fun. I've never done anything like this, so thank you very much. You guys gotta try my blend. I think there's a little left. I always say the French were The Beatles of the wine world. Almost everyone was influenced by their techniques and most can agree that the same goes for cooking. So if there's a place I'd wanna brush up on my culinary skills, it's France. Lucky for me I had Chef Olivier Straehli. I gave Olivier a hell of a task. I needed five dishes for five winemakers who each brought a different style of wine. He not only delivered some great modern twists on classic dishes, but he brought some unexpected surprises to the table as well. So I kind of gave you a challenge. I said, "Here's the wines were gonna do." It was all over the map. - I accept the challenge. - And you accepted the challenge like an Iron Chef. Our first winemaker was Pauline Dufour who brought her Sauternes from Château Simon. - I'll show you something very surprising, Sauternes wine. So it's very unique because we make this wine with a special fungus called noble rot. You have only five villages where we can produce this wine because of this microclimate. We pick up the grapes only with this fungus, with this botrytis. And so everything is done by hand. It's very, very aromatic wine. - Yeah, and it- - Try, you know. - I always get such a smile on my face when I smell these wines because they are so beautifully aromatic, candied, honeyed, orange marmalade. Sometimes you might even get gingers. Just really amazing. - Yeah, you have the spiciness, you have the exotic fruit, the freshness at the same time. You have pit and flower. - It wouldn't have been my first instinct, but chef claimed the oyster was a good pair with the Sauternes, so I took his word for it. So the sweet is way toned back. Oh and the finish is crazy. You know what it is, it's the salty sweet. The same thing you get when you do any sort of salt sweet dessert, salted caramel or something like that. Sometimes contrasting flavors are a great wine pairing. The sweet, fruity Sauternes mixed with the savory, salty oyster is a yin and yang pairing that enhances both the wine and the food. All right, time for our white Bordeaux with Julia from Château de Parenchère. What are we tasting? - So what are we tasting? Bordeaux Blanc. It's a dry white. Sec means dry. - So it's produced from our estate at the very east part of Bordeaux. First, you have the citrus from Sauvignon and the freshness, and the Seémillon is here to give some honey, a bit of texture in the mouth, some roundness that we like, wines that we just dry. We want it to have some texture. And the Muscadelle on the nose, white flower. - Yeah, very floral, and I get the honey on the nose too. - Of course it has to go with the food, so it's great. I see what you're cooking now. - Yeah, I know, that's really good. While we were busy chatting, chef made a raw shrimp tartar with olive oil, lemon zest, chive, radish, topped with caviar, and then he made this beat jelly with agar-agar to put on top. All right, let me try it out. The shrimp has a really, almost like a creaminess to it. It's really, really lovely. And then the lime zest kinda brightens it up, and then the salinity from the caviar. Raw shrimp are actually really rich and oily. So the acid in the lime works well to cut the fat in the shrimp and olive oil. It also works well with the salty caviar. The lemon notes in the lime bring out the citrus in the dish, and the medium body dish matches the weight of the medium bodied wine. All right, chef, we have... I think the rosé is coming next. - Yes, the rosé is very good with charcuterie. And in Bordeaux, you have a specialty. It's called grenier médocain. - Okay, I'll never remember that. - Yeah, I know. It's French. I cannot translate in English. I mix this and I make a (speaks in French). - Oh, and fry it. - And fry it. - Great, love it. - And me, I prepare the sauce. It's called sauce gribiche. - This is very, very French. We're using a lot of French words. As I tried to produce French culinary terms, just in time was Anna from Château Gabachot with her rosé. He's throwing a lot of terms to me. Maybe you can help out because you are a native English speaker. - Yeah, and I was just thinking those are really difficult words for me too. - So what brought you to Bordeaux? - I was an exchange student after high school in Belgium, and I really fell in love with Europe. I met my husband who happens to own and run a family winery in the Bordeaux region. - Oh great, okay. So it was love that you brought to France. - Yeah, it was love. - And you were bringing a rosé which I think when everybody thinks of Bordeaux, they probably think of everything by rosé, which is really cool because I know that they're making more and more of it. So where is this wine from? - This wine is from the Entre-Deux-Mers wine region, which is very much the heart of Bordeaux wine region. Our rosé is done with saignée method. Citrus and fresh strawberries. - Oh yeah, fresh strawberries. - Yeah, a lot of red fruits. - Chef made the gribiche sauce with shallot, pickle, capers, fresh herbs, olive oil, mustard, and vinegar. Then he pureed the charcuterie, formed it in little balls, battered it, and fried it up. Oh yeah. It's really good. It's great with the rosé. I mean it's perfect 'cause this rosé that we just had, it's kind of a versatile pairing wine. The acidity in the rosé matched the acid from the sauce, cut through the fat of the fried charcuterie, paired with the salt, and the wine also matched the weight of the dish. This looks gorgeous. This is duck. - Yes, it's duck. Strawberries. - Strawberries. - And tomatoes. - Just to show you, this is all piment d'espelette. - You can smell it. - It almost smell a little like musty. - And obviously this is another one. - This is new. Open it and say it to me. - Oh wow. Completely different. This is much more tomato and fresh, and this is, yeah, musty. Chef tips number 192, keep your spices fresh, people. Okay, next up was Christophe from Château Plaisance with his Merlot blend. - Today we drink my wine, the Côtes de Bourg. - Côtes de Bourg. Now where is Côtes de Bourg? - It's in the north of Bordeaux, just front of Margaux. Merlot 60%, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, and 10% Malbec. - Plumy, black cherry. - Yes. - Really, really lovely. A little bit kinda smokey spice and the tannin structure is there, but it's kinda soft, and I think that's pretty typical of Merlot. Seared duck breast. Seasoned with espelette, garnished with tomato and strawberry, topped with foie gras. Does it get any better than this? All right, you can eat. - Beautiful. You could've just gone with duck, but the French. You put the foie in there. It's awesome. Oh my god, this is good. - It's good? - Really good. The red fruit notes in the wine complemented the strawberry and tomato. And the tannin in the wine loves the fatty duck. Last but not least was my friend Roman from Chateau de Lissenes. - This is a Crèmant de Bordeaux which is traditional. So this one, it will be a Sémillon, Muscadelle, and Cabernet Franc. - Sémillon, Muscadelle, Cabernet Franc. - That is super unique for a sparkling wine. - Very refreshing, but at the same time very aromatic wine. - The first thing I get is beautiful floral aromatics, white peach, strong fruit character. - Chef, what are you making to go with this? Dessert was really unique. Chef took fresh fruit like watermelon, UFO peaches, cherries, basil, and a fresh spice called mago that was citrus, floral, and mentholy, to help bring out all the fresh flavors in the crémant. Then he made a cocktail dessert. Super unexpected. Oh, it's good like that actually 'cause you get a little bit of... (fades) The crew and I had to give it up. Chef knocked it out of the park. We head out to the yard to enjoy each others company, and share the wine together. The diversity of the day was noticeable. Different wine styles, winemakers from France, the US, Russia. And it always puts a smile on my face when the show gives people an excuse to gather and drink wine together. The Garonne River, it's what started it all in all here in Bordeaux. The ease of transport, the irrigation, the soils the it provided. If the downtown is the heart of this region and the wineries provide the lifeblood, its the arteries of river that connects the two. So it seemed like a good place to end my Bordeaux journey. This region still has its past. They know why they have the reputation they do, and the respect that. But it feels like the people here have no intention of resting on their laurels. The people I talked to feel a responsibility to do something new, make a name for themselves, reach the next generation of consumers, and improve upon family legacies. You know the French have a reputation of being cold, unwelcoming to foreigners. Hopefully you've now seen what I've seen. That couldn't be further from the truth. It was the French who invented hospitality, turned kindness to others from a hobby into an industry and an art form. So its no wonder I always feel at home in France. All that to say if you can make the trip to Bordeaux, do it, because I think you'll get a bit that feeling as well. I hope you enjoyed Bordeaux, and we'll see you next time on "V is for Vino." Hey, Vince here. Hope you enjoyed the episode. If you have a moment, follow us on Instagram. And if you really wanna support, please consider joining Vino VIP on visforvino.com. It's our members-only club with a ton of benefits. Thanks for watching and see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vynguyen-xu9qh [1 likes]: ❤
  2. @MartinM-e6n [1 likes]: I absolutely LOVE 💕 this show.😊
  3. @gracafernandes4337 [1 likes]: Great video for wine lovers and experts like me. I Will be on Bordeaux in april. It was a good show case!❤
  4. @Lenaher789 [1 likes]: Thank you very much!😊
  5. @alaminbishwash2525 [1 likes]: I am really aprotiat saw your vedios.
  6. @massimilianocicatello4052 [1 likes]: Fantastico servizio.
  7. @JohnnyG-04 [1 likes]: I’m new to the wine journey, but for educational purposes this was such an amazing video! I wasn’t bored, the quality was well put together, and even your excitement about talking about wine had me excited. I was ready to book my trip! I think my favorite part was seeing the wine and food pairing! Great content I’ll be sure to get me a membership!
  8. @AmilaHansaka-w8k1n [1 likes]: Its beautiful , I love it..❤❤❤
  9. @traceydemeo9654 [1 likes]: superb video!!!!- sure wish I stumbled upon these types of video's 5 years ago when I was taking my level three ISG.
  10. @mylittleworldbordeaux [1 likes]: A big fan of your series. Thank you so very much for keeping these hidden gems on the map. Cheers!
  11. @YulkaKiska [1 likes]: Really the video! Thank you, I’ve learned a lot!
  12. @RisobGhosal-v8f [1 likes]: Amazing episode 👏
  13. @mcgregom5 [1 likes]: Planning my trip now. 😁 Thank you!
  14. @YussofPasha1289: To many killers pick pocket rue.saint Catherine nothing to do so expensive places
  15. @carnivaltym: Another top episode!
  16. @gordonberryman3453: A great video, so much good information and places for us to visit .
  17. @jeffreylindenmoyer4550: That kitchen is the coolest thing I think I have ever seen.  The real fireplace in there is such a nice touch.
  18. @skarscalp8157: 10:11
  19. @yungturkeyburger: what was the market you went to with Basaline?
  20. @matthewgabbard6415: I don’t think she was digging what he was saying about poor years and good winemakers. She probably has a soft spot for the Burgundy as all the French do. Bordeaux is for export haha

- Discovering Wine with Jeannie│2019 Bordeaux in Bottle [Part 2]: Kind: captions Language: en my overall assessment of the 2019 bordeaux's in bottle is that this is an excellent year i prefer it personally more than the 2018 and the 2020s of barrel samples i've tasted so far because i love the freshness the backbone and this is despite the high concentration of tannins the power the intensity of flavors and also high alcohol there is a wonderful balance and a lightness to these wines and some of my favorites include the whites and reds from chateau obreon the whole clarence dylan family including lemisionobrion i loved chateau margot in this vintage i thought that it combined the classic floral very delicate layered nuances along with power and concentration and from the right bank lebron and lefleur were sensational these were bottles that i think that would rival you know the best from 1998 for example so shovel blanc um on the right bank uh tretinois was fantastic fijak was another huge success story and aside from that there were pockets of of wines that really just stood out i think in this vintage that i didn't expect them to really compete at at the top this level and that was contest lalonde pisha lalonde was a fabulous beautiful in this vintage as was monteros in fact i thought that it had a better concentration and depth than even costasternal and it was a great vintage for costs as well so there were plenty of wines to love and i think that this is a vintage to explore and to really appreciate over a long period of time [Music]

- Tuscany Italy Wine Region: A Journey Through Italy’s Iconic Wine Region: Kind: captions Language: en Tuscany located in central Italy stands as one of the country's most renowned wine regions famous for its stunning Landscapes Rich history and exceptional wines Tuscany offers a diverse range of experiences for wine enthusiasts this guy delves into the characteristics of Tuscan wines explores key regions and notable wines and provides recommendations for food pairings characteristics of Tuscan wines Tuscan wines are known for their complexity elegance and deep flavors let's explore what makes these wines unique Tero and climate Tuscany benefits from a Mediterranean climate characterized by warm Summers and Mild Winters this climate combined with diverse soil types from clay and Limestone to Sandy soils creates ideal conditions for grape growing for instance the hilly terrain offers excellent drainage and ensures that the grapes receive ample sunlight which contributes to the development of rich flavors and balanced [Music] acidity Aromas and flavors when you taste Tusk and wines you'll notice a variety of Aromas and flavors red wines often present notes of red and black fruit such as cherry plum and blackberry you might also find hints of herbs tobacco and spices white wines from Tuscany on the other hand often feature Citrus apple and floral notes in addition Tusk and red wines usually have firm tannins and high acidity which give them a robust structure and aging potential white wines from this region tend to be crisp and refreshing with a vibrant fruit profile key regions in Tuscany Tuscany is home to several prestigious wine regions each offering unique expressions of the Region's grape varieties Kean is perhaps the most famous wine region in Tuscany this area produces a range of wines from everyday table wines to high quality selections Kean wines showcase bright red fruit flavors and a well structured character they often feature Aromas of cherry plum and herbs and can have a touch of spice you can enjoy well-regarded Kean wines such as Castello diama kianti Classico and Felina bardena kianti Classico for for a classic Taste of the region moving a step up Kean Classico represents a higher quality tier within the kianti region kianti Classico wines are known for their elegance and depth they typically offer a balanced profile of red fruit earthy undertones and spicy notes to experience the best of Kean Classico try Castello doretto kianti Classico or badia ATI buono kianti Classico Brunello deonal Chino is a prestigious Appalachian known for its Rich complex sanoy based wines these wines offer deep flavors high tannins and excellent aging potential expect to find notes of dark fruit leather and tobacco which develop over time for an exceptional Brunello deont Chino consider beond Santi Brunello deont Chino or castillon delbosco Brunello deont Chino Vino noo D monano is another highly esteemed Tuscan wine this Appalachian produces full-bodied structured wines with flavors of blackberry Plum and herbaceous notes these wines are known for their refined character and aging potential try AI Vino noil de montiano or politano Vino noil de monano for a taste of this renowned wine in addition to these major app ations Tuscany has several other regions producing excellent wines Amelia ramanana located to the north is known for its fresh and fruity Sanji oesi wines for a sample of this style consider FIA zerbina Sanji OES di Roman Umbria to the south of Tuscany offers highquality Sanji oasy wines with a balanced mix of fruit and structure look for Arnaldo caprai sanio from this region marches located on the Eastern side produces San oesi wines known for their balance and elegance try tanut Kochi graphon Sanji oesi for a taste of this region Lazio to the Southwest is another area where Sanji oesi thrives Cantina s Andrea San oesi is a good example of the fresh and fruity profile from Lazio young Chianti wines are known for their fresh and fruity character these wines are approachable and perfect for immediate enjoyment aged kianti Classico offers a more complex and structured experience these wines develop additional layers of flavor and a refined character with time Brunello deont Chino represents a prestigious style of sanesi with deep complex flavors and excellent aging potential Veno Noble Deon Pano offers a full-bodied and refined profile these wines balance Rich fruit flavors with a structured and elegant character sanio Blends often mixed with varieties like Cabernet saon or Mero create complex and well-rounded wines for a great example try iloon Roso de monino to get the most out of tuskin wines consider the following serving tips temperature is key when it comes to serving Tusk and wines serve red Tusk and wines slightly below room temperature around 60 to 65° F or 15 to 18° C to really enhance their flavors and Aromas on the other hand white wines should be served chilled between 45 to 50° F or 7 to 10° C decanting can make a significant difference especially for higher quality or older tusin wines it helps to open up the bouquet and soften the tannins allowing the wine to truly shine tusen wines pair wonderfully with various Foods here are some ideal pairings pasta with tomato sauce the acidity in Kean and other tusken Reds complements the acidity in tomato based pasta sauces enjoy them with spaghetti bnes or lasagna for or a classic combination Pizza Kean and Kean Classico wines go well with a variety of pizza toppings whether you prefer Margarita or more adventurous options these wines make a great match grilled Meats Tuscan Reds with their robust character pair excellently with grilled Meats try them with steak lamb or sausage for a satisfying meal roasted vegetables tusken wines also complement roasted vegetables seasoned with herbs and spices cheese Tusk and wines work well with a range of cheeses such as peino parmesan and guda these cheeses balance the Wine's acidity and enhance their flavors cooking with tusin wines if you're inspired to cook with tusin wines try these recipes Kean brazed beef brazed beef with kianti vegetables and herbs for a rich and savory dish that brings out the Wine's deep flavors keti reduction sauce make a flavorful reduction sauce with Kean shallots garlic and beef stock drizzle it over steaks or roast Meats for a delicious enhancement Kean tomato sauce use Kean to make a rich tomato sauce this sauce works perfectly for pasta or pizza dishes Tuscan wine versus other Italian wines comparing Tuscan wines to other Italian wines can deepen your appreciation of their unique characteristics Tuscany versus pedmont while Tuscany is known for its sanio vasy based wines like Kean and and Brunello pedmont offers nebiolo based wines such as bolo and barbaresco Tuscan wines are often more fruit forward while piedmont's wines tend to be more structured and earthy Tuscany versus venito Veno produces prco and amaron which are quite different from Tuscany's Sanji oesi and kianti wines while Veno offers sparkling and Rich sweet Reds Tuscany's wines are generally more focused on classic Reds and crisp whites tasting notes for Tusk and wines when tasting Tusk and wines keep these notes in mind appearance expect red tuskin wines to range from Deep Ruby to Garnet white tuskin wines are typically pale yellow nose you will find Aromas like dark cherries Plum and tobacco and reds white wines often feature Citrus apple and floral notes pallet Tusk and reds offer a balance of dark fruit spices and tannins while whites present crisp fruity flavors finish red wines from Tuscany often have a long complex finish while whites provide a refreshing crisp end in conclusion Tuscany's wine region offers an incredible variety of wines that reflect the Region's Rich Heritage and diverse terroir from the famous Kean and Kean Classico to the prestigious Brunello de monino and Vino Noble Deonte Pano Tuscany provides a range of experiences for every wine Lover by exploring the key regions tasting notable wines and pairing them with delicious foods you can fully appreciate what makes Tuscan wines so special to dive deeper into Tuscany's wine culture visit local wine shops attend tastings or explore online wine retailers wine clubs and specialty stores also offer opportunities to discover new tuskin wines and learn more about their unique characteristics explore local wine shops attend tastings and check online retailers for more information wine clubs and specialty shops offer great opportunities to discover new Tusk and wine

  Top Comments:
  1. @aimikaela: The Father is the vinedresser

- WONDERS OF TUSCANY | Most Amazing Places and Villages to Visit | 4K Italy Travel Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Tuscany.&nbsp; Land of sublime art, land of towering&nbsp; cypresses, land of medieval villages.&nbsp; In the heart of central Italy, Tuscany&nbsp; stretches over 22,000 square kilometers&nbsp;&nbsp; of history, culture, and breathtaking beauty. Here, where the Arno River meanders through&nbsp;&nbsp; hills and cities, the Renaissance&nbsp; was born, a movement that changed&nbsp;&nbsp; the course of art history and human thought. Did you know that standard Italian language&nbsp;&nbsp; derives from the Tuscan dialect? Thanks to poets&nbsp; like Dante Alighieri, Petrarch, and Boccaccio,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Florentine vernacular became the&nbsp; basis for the Italian we know today.&nbsp; But Tuscany nourishes more than just the mind. It is the homeland of legendary wines such as&nbsp;&nbsp; Chianti and Brunello di Montalcino. In fact, the famous 'fiasco',&nbsp;&nbsp; the bottle with a wide bottom and long neck,&nbsp; was born right here, designed to protect the&nbsp;&nbsp; precious nectar during transport on bumpy carts. Moreover, from the depths of the Apuan Alps,&nbsp;&nbsp; for millennia, man has extracted&nbsp; the prized white Carrara marble.&nbsp; The same marble that Michelangelo&nbsp; chose for his David, and which is&nbsp;&nbsp; still exported all over the world today. One in four blocks extracted globally&nbsp;&nbsp; comes from these quarries. Tuscany is also the region with&nbsp;&nbsp; the highest number of UNESCO sites in Italy,&nbsp; totaling seven, including the historic center&nbsp;&nbsp; of Florence and the Val d'Orcia. Every stone, every tower tells&nbsp;&nbsp; centuries of history.&nbsp; But the true treasure of this land is its people. Artisans who keep centuries-old traditions alive,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as leather working in Santa Croce sull'Arno,&nbsp; or ceramic production in Montelupo Fiorentino.&nbsp; Let's now begin our journey through the&nbsp; most beautiful and iconic places in Tuscany.&nbsp; We'll visit cities of art, hilltop&nbsp; villages, incredible natural sites,&nbsp;&nbsp; and discover why this region continues to capture&nbsp; the imagination of millions of tourists each year. Val d'Orcia The beating heart&nbsp;&nbsp; of Tuscany, Val d'Orcia boasts a landscape&nbsp; that seems painted by a Renaissance master.&nbsp; Rolling hills dotted with solitary&nbsp; cypress trees and ancient medieval&nbsp;&nbsp; villages stretch as far as the eye can see,&nbsp; creating an almost surreal scene of beauty.&nbsp; This UNESCO World Heritage site embodies&nbsp; the quintessential Tuscan imagery.&nbsp; Pienza and Montalcino are just two&nbsp; of the gems that adorn this valley.&nbsp; The natural thermal baths of Bagno&nbsp; Vignoni, with its unique water square,&nbsp;&nbsp; offer a relaxing experience steeped in history. Whether explored by car, bicycle, or on foot,&nbsp;&nbsp; Val d'Orcia offers emotional&nbsp; experiences in every season,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the golden summer fields to the warm&nbsp; autumn colors and the bright green of spring.&nbsp; It's a place where time stands&nbsp; still, inviting tourists to&nbsp;&nbsp; immerse themselves fully in the beauty and&nbsp; flavors of an authentic, timeless Tuscany. Florence The cradle of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Renaissance, Florence is a living museum,&nbsp; with masterpieces by artists like Michelangelo,&nbsp;&nbsp; Leonardo da Vinci, and Botticelli&nbsp; adorning its churches and galleries.&nbsp; The Florence Cathedral, with&nbsp; Brunelleschi's imposing dome,&nbsp;&nbsp; dominates the city's skyline and is a must-visit.&nbsp; Equally stunning is the Ponte Vecchio, an&nbsp; ancient bridge lined with jewelry shops that&nbsp;&nbsp; spans the Arno River with timeless pride. Art enthusiasts will find an unparalleled&nbsp;&nbsp; collection of Renaissance works at the&nbsp; Uffizi Gallery, while the nearby Pitti Palace&nbsp;&nbsp; showcases art treasures and regal history. As you wander through the historic center,&nbsp;&nbsp; let yourself be tempted by the&nbsp; many traditional artisan shops.&nbsp; Florence is also famous for its Tuscan&nbsp; cuisine. Try a Florentine steak or&nbsp;&nbsp; a bowl of ribollita to understand&nbsp; how even food here is an art form. Pitigliano&nbsp; A town that defies gravity, perched&nbsp; atop an imposing tuff cliff.&nbsp; Known as "Little Jerusalem" due&nbsp; to its historic Jewish community,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a magical place where&nbsp; history blends with legend.&nbsp; The town is characterized by a maze of&nbsp; narrow streets winding between houses&nbsp;&nbsp; and palaces carved into the tuff, many connected&nbsp; by underground passages and secret tunnels.&nbsp; The Jewish quarter, with its ancient synagogue&nbsp; and matzo oven, tells the story of centuries of&nbsp;&nbsp; coexistence, while the cellars carved into the&nbsp; rock reveal the town's winemaking tradition.&nbsp; Pitigliano offers more than just history;&nbsp; it's also a gateway to nature and adventure.&nbsp; In the surrounding area, hiking trails lead to&nbsp; the discovery of extraordinarily beautiful natural&nbsp;&nbsp; areas, such as the Vie Cave, ancient&nbsp; Etruscan paths carved into the rock. Castiglione&nbsp;&nbsp; della Pescaia With its golden beaches stretching&nbsp;&nbsp; as far as the eye can see, Castiglione della&nbsp; Pescaia is one of the gems of the Tuscan coast.&nbsp; This ancient maritime village,&nbsp; with its medieval origins,&nbsp;&nbsp; is home to a majestic castle offering&nbsp; panoramic views of the Tyrrhenian Sea.&nbsp; Its clear waters and nearby nature reserves&nbsp; make Castiglione della Pescaia a perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; destination for nature and sea lovers, as&nbsp; well as those seeking history and culture.&nbsp; The village, with its narrow alleys and lively&nbsp; squares, embodies the tranquility of the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing visitors to experience&nbsp; the atmosphere of bygone eras. Siena Nestled in the&nbsp;&nbsp; gentle Tuscan hills, Siena is a medieval jewel&nbsp; that has preserved its historic charm intact.&nbsp; Famous for the Palio, a spectacular&nbsp; horse race held twice a year, the city is&nbsp;&nbsp; a tapestry of living history. Walking through its streets means&nbsp;&nbsp; navigating a maze of narrow alleys, all leading&nbsp; to the splendid Piazza del Campo, with its unique&nbsp;&nbsp; shell shape, and the Palazzo Pubblico,&nbsp; a masterpiece of Gothic architecture.&nbsp; The Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta, with its&nbsp; mosaic of black and white marble, offers a richly&nbsp;&nbsp; decorated interior housing priceless works&nbsp; of art, including the famous inlaid floor,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealed only for a few weeks each year. Savoring a slice of panforte while admiring&nbsp;&nbsp; the sunset over the Tuscan hills further enhances&nbsp; the sensory experience of this timeless city. Monticchiello This enchanting village&nbsp;&nbsp; stands out not only for its architectural&nbsp; beauty but also for its popular theater.&nbsp; Every summer, the villagers stage a play&nbsp; reflecting their experiences and the history&nbsp;&nbsp; of their territory, making Monticchiello unique. The narrow medieval streets lead to the Church&nbsp;&nbsp; of Sant'Agata, a Romanesque&nbsp; gem with 14th-century frescoes.&nbsp; Photography enthusiasts will find countless rustic&nbsp;&nbsp; corners, while food lovers can delight&nbsp; in local restaurants where dishes like&nbsp;&nbsp; pappardelle with hare ragout celebrate&nbsp; authentic and flavorful Tuscan cuisine. Elba Island A pearl of the Tuscan Archipelago,&nbsp;&nbsp; Elba Island is a world unto itself. Famous as Napoleon's place of exile,&nbsp;&nbsp; today it's a paradise for sea and nature lovers.&nbsp; Its coasts range from golden sandy beaches&nbsp; to hidden coves accessible only by sea,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the interior is a succession of&nbsp; verdant hills and ancient villages.&nbsp; Mount Capanne, the highest peak, offers&nbsp; panoramic views stretching to Corsica.&nbsp; But Elba is also rich in history, from&nbsp; Etruscan remains to Medici fortresses,&nbsp;&nbsp; including the iron mines that&nbsp; shaped the island's identity.&nbsp; It's a place where beach relaxation&nbsp; blends with cultural exploration,&nbsp;&nbsp; all seasoned with exquisite Tuscan&nbsp; cuisine influenced by the sea. Volterra&nbsp; This Etruscan town encapsulates millennia&nbsp; of history within its imposing walls.&nbsp; Beyond the charm of the Roman Theater&nbsp; and the mystery of the Etruscan tombs,&nbsp;&nbsp; it impresses with its Palazzo dei&nbsp; Priori, the oldest town hall in Tuscany.&nbsp; Moreover, its beating heart is the medieval&nbsp; historic center, a labyrinth of stone alleys&nbsp;&nbsp; winding among noble palaces, Romanesque&nbsp; churches, and hidden small squares,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering visitors an authentic immersion in&nbsp; the atmosphere of the most genuine Tuscany.&nbsp; As you walk through the stone alleys, we recommend&nbsp; visiting the Etruscan Museum, which houses one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the finest collections of ancient artifacts. Local craft shops offer a unique opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; take home a piece of this millennial tradition,&nbsp; especially the delicate alabaster sculptures. Pisa&nbsp; Pisa is much more than its famous Leaning Tower. The Piazza dei Miracoli, with its Cathedral,&nbsp;&nbsp; Baptistery, and Camposanto, forms a unique complex&nbsp; where white marble gleams under the Tuscan sun.&nbsp; But the city doesn't stop there. The Arno River flows lazily through it,&nbsp;&nbsp; reflecting ancient palaces and historic bridges. Lungarno Mediceo, with its colorful buildings,&nbsp;&nbsp; is the perfect spot for a sunset stroll. Pisa is also a vibrant university town,&nbsp;&nbsp; with students from around the world&nbsp; enlivening its squares and cafes.&nbsp; The San Martino district, with its narrow alleys,&nbsp;&nbsp; hides artisan workshops and trattorias&nbsp; where you can savor pappa al pomodoro. Arezzo&nbsp; An Etruscan and medieval city, Arezzo&nbsp; sits atop a hill overlooking four valleys.&nbsp; Piazza Grande, with its sloping&nbsp; shape, is a natural stage, while the&nbsp;&nbsp; Basilica of San Francesco houses Piero della&nbsp; Francesca's frescoes, a Renaissance treasure. The city is also a center of Italian goldsmithing,&nbsp; with workshops blending tradition and contemporary&nbsp;&nbsp; design. Parco&nbsp;&nbsp; del Prato offers a green oasis in the heart of&nbsp; the city, perfect for a contemplative break,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the monthly Antiques Fair transforms&nbsp; the center into an open-air museum. Terme di Saturnia&nbsp; An oasis of wellness in the heart of the&nbsp; Tuscan Maremma, the Terme di Saturnia are&nbsp;&nbsp; a natural wonder that amazes with every visit. The thermal waters, which spring at 37°C from&nbsp;&nbsp; a volcanic crater, have created&nbsp; a series of natural travertine&nbsp;&nbsp; pools over time, known as the Cascate del Mulino. Here, immersed in mineral-rich waters with&nbsp;&nbsp; views spanning the Tuscan hills, relaxation&nbsp; becomes an almost transcendental experience.&nbsp; But Saturnia is more than just thermal baths; it's&nbsp; a journey through time, among Etruscan villages,&nbsp;&nbsp; Roman necropolises, and medieval castles. It's a place where history merges with wellness,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering a rejuvenating break&nbsp; from the chaos of modern life. San Gimignano World-renowned for its medieval towers,&nbsp;&nbsp; symbols of a past when noble families competed&nbsp; to build ever-taller towers to demonstrate&nbsp;&nbsp; their power and wealth. Piazza della Cisterna,&nbsp;&nbsp; the town's beating heart, the Duomo,&nbsp; and the Torre Grossa are just some of&nbsp;&nbsp; the architectural wonders that characterize&nbsp; this incredibly well-preserved medieval town.&nbsp; But San Gimignano isn't just about art and&nbsp; history. It's also a land of fine wines,&nbsp;&nbsp; including the standout Vernaccia di San Gimignano,&nbsp; the first Italian wine to receive the controlled&nbsp;&nbsp; designation of origin, an ambassador of an&nbsp; ancient and still thriving wine tradition. Maremma Toscana A land spanning Tuscany and Lazio,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Maremma is a corner of Italy where&nbsp; wild nature and history blend harmoniously.&nbsp; Unspoiled coasts alternate with&nbsp; hills dotted with medieval villages,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating a landscape of rare beauty. The Maremma also seduces with its&nbsp;&nbsp; authentic flavors, including robust wines, intense&nbsp; cheeses, and a cuisine that combines sea and land.&nbsp; From golden beaches to lush forests, passing&nbsp; through hilltop towns like Pitigliano, this&nbsp;&nbsp; region offers anauthentic and varied experience. It's a paradise for those seeking adventure,&nbsp;&nbsp; relaxation, or culture, away&nbsp; from the beaten tourist paths,&nbsp;&nbsp; where every sunset over the sea invites&nbsp; you to slow down and enjoy life. Lucca, Italy Tuscan countryside, Lucca is famous for its&nbsp; intact Renaissance walls, which now serve as&nbsp;&nbsp; a circular public park for walkers and cyclists. This medieval city boasts a network of historic&nbsp;&nbsp; streets where you can discover charming&nbsp; squares, such as Piazza dell'Anfiteatro,&nbsp;&nbsp; built on the remains of a Roman amphitheater. The Cathedral of San Martino and the Church&nbsp;&nbsp; of San Michele in Foro are architectural&nbsp; jewels that exemplify Italian medieval art,&nbsp;&nbsp; with magnificent facades and precious interiors. Lucca is also a vibrant cultural center,&nbsp;&nbsp; hosting annual events like Lucca Comics&nbsp; & Games, one of Europe's largest comic&nbsp;&nbsp; conventions, and the Lucca Summer Festival,&nbsp; featuring concerts by international artists. Montepulciano A magnificent open-air&nbsp;&nbsp; art book, where every corner, street, and square&nbsp; narrates the grandeur of the Italian Renaissance.&nbsp; Famous for its Vino Nobile, this town offers&nbsp; much more than just a wine-tasting experience.&nbsp; It's a journey through centuries&nbsp; of art and architecture.&nbsp; The Temple of San Biagio, a masterpiece of&nbsp;&nbsp; Renaissance architecture, dominates&nbsp; the scene with its majestic beauty.&nbsp; The Renaissance palaces adorning the&nbsp; historic center tell the story of a&nbsp;&nbsp; city that has always played a leading&nbsp; role in Tuscan culture and politics.&nbsp; The historic cellars, carved into the tuff beneath&nbsp; the city, are places of unique charm where you can&nbsp;&nbsp; Montalcino&nbsp; Montalcino rises majestically&nbsp; on a hill, proudly dominating&nbsp;&nbsp; the vast expanses of the Tuscan countryside. This ancient medieval village is surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by mighty fortified walls that enclose&nbsp; centuries of history and traditions.&nbsp; Inside, narrow cobblestone streets lead&nbsp; tourists through a sequence of historic squares,&nbsp;&nbsp; noble palaces, and historic buildings,&nbsp; including the 14th-century fortress.&nbsp; An impressive example of medieval military&nbsp; architecture, it offers an unparalleled panoramic&nbsp;&nbsp; view of the surrounding vineyards. Montalcino is renowned worldwide&nbsp;&nbsp; for the production of Brunello,&nbsp; a prestigious red wine that has&nbsp;&nbsp; earned important international recognition. The village's wineries open their doors to&nbsp;&nbsp; visitors for tastings, allowing them to&nbsp; discover the secrets of this noble wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; the result of a long oenological tradition and a&nbsp; passion passed down from generation to generation. Prato A city with a&nbsp;&nbsp; rich textile heritage, Prato stands as a hidden&nbsp; gem among Tuscany's more famous destinations.&nbsp; Its historic center is dominated by the&nbsp; imposing Emperor's Castle, a unique example&nbsp;&nbsp; of Swabian architecture in central-northern Italy. The Cathedral, with its two-tone marble facade,&nbsp;&nbsp; houses splendid frescoes by Filippo&nbsp; Lippi, masterpieces of the Renaissance.&nbsp; Walking through the streets of the&nbsp; center, you can feel the atmosphere of&nbsp;&nbsp; a vibrant and multicultural city, where ancient&nbsp; traditions blend with contemporary influences.&nbsp; The local cuisine, with specialties such&nbsp; as Prato biscuits and sedani alla pratese,&nbsp;&nbsp; completes the experience of this authentic corner&nbsp; of Tuscany, far from the beaten tourist paths. Sovana A small&nbsp;&nbsp; jewel nestled in the heart of the Tuscan Maremma,&nbsp; Sovana is a village that seems suspended in time.&nbsp; Its origins date back to the Etruscan&nbsp; era, as evidenced by the numerous&nbsp;&nbsp; archaeological sites in the surrounding area. The Cathedral of Sovana, dating back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; 12th century, is a masterpiece of Romanesque&nbsp; architecture, with frescoes and sculptures that&nbsp;&nbsp; narrate the deep spirituality of the place. Equally fascinating are the small shops&nbsp;&nbsp; offering typical products, such as&nbsp; pecorino cheese and Morellino wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; reflecting the region's gastronomic excellence. A walk through the village streets also offers&nbsp;&nbsp; moments of peace, with views of the surrounding&nbsp; countryside that strike every tourist. Bagno Vignoni Known since Roman times for its thermal waters,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bagno Vignoni is a unique village of its kind. At the center of the town is the&nbsp;&nbsp; Piazza delle Sorgenti, a large thermal&nbsp; pool dating back to the 16th century,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was frequented by historical figures such as&nbsp; Saint Catherine of Siena and Lorenzo de' Medici.&nbsp; Beyond the thermal baths, the village offers&nbsp; tranquility and refreshment among its streets&nbsp;&nbsp; and tourist accommodations, with modern spas that&nbsp; harness the healing properties of local springs.&nbsp; The village alleys are rich in history&nbsp; and offer characteristic views,&nbsp;&nbsp; ideal for those seeking a relaxing&nbsp; escape immersed in culture and nature. Populonia&nbsp; An ancient Etruscan settlement, Populonia is&nbsp; a seaside village famous for its necropolises&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Archaeological Park that tells&nbsp; the story of iron working in antiquity.&nbsp; Located on the Etruscan Coast, it offers&nbsp; enchanting beaches where you can relax&nbsp;&nbsp; after a day of cultural discoveries. The village, with its medieval walls&nbsp;&nbsp; and castle overlooking the sea, creates a&nbsp; magical atmosphere, especially at sunset.&nbsp; For nature and archaeology lovers,&nbsp; it represents a perfect destination,&nbsp;&nbsp; combining the beauty of the coastal landscape&nbsp; with the richness of its historical heritage. Anghiari Framed by&nbsp;&nbsp; the green valleys of the Tuscan-Romagnolo&nbsp; Apennines, Anghiari is a true Renaissance gem.&nbsp; Every corner of this village speaks of its rich&nbsp; history, while for those seeking art, the village&nbsp;&nbsp; churches like San Francesco and Sant'Agostino&nbsp; offer splendid examples of sacred art.&nbsp; The weaving workshops, with their looms&nbsp; still in action, allow visitors to closely&nbsp;&nbsp; observe the production of tapestry fabrics, a&nbsp; tradition that makes Anghiari famous worldwide.&nbsp; Equally important is the relaxing&nbsp; walk along the medieval walls,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering a panoramic view of the valley below,&nbsp; ideal for those seeking a moment of tranquility. Monteriggioni With its intact walls&nbsp;&nbsp; and towers dominating the landscape, Monteriggioni&nbsp; is one of Italy's most iconic medieval villages.&nbsp; Founded by the Sienese in the 13th century as&nbsp; an outpost against Florence, today the village&nbsp;&nbsp; maintains an atmosphere of bygone times. Entering through Porta Franca opens&nbsp;&nbsp; up a square where it feels like&nbsp; you're still in the Middle Ages.&nbsp; Visiting the Armor Museum provides&nbsp; insight into medieval life and battles,&nbsp;&nbsp; while a walk on the walls allows you to enjoy&nbsp; spectacular views of the Tuscan countryside.&nbsp; The artisan shops within the village offer&nbsp; handcrafted ironwork and traditional textiles,&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect as unique souvenirs steeped in history. Certaldo A medieval village&nbsp;&nbsp; that was the birthplace of Giovanni Boccaccio,&nbsp; one of the fathers of Italian literature.&nbsp; Certaldo Alto, the ancient part, is a&nbsp; journey through time, accessible via a&nbsp;&nbsp; picturesque funicular that climbs up the hill. Here, the red brick houses and cobblestone&nbsp;&nbsp; streets enclose a historical and cultural&nbsp; heritage of great value, jealously guarded&nbsp;&nbsp; within the ancient walls. This village still lives&nbsp;&nbsp; today in the sign of tradition, with events and&nbsp; festivals that celebrate its history and culture,&nbsp;&nbsp; including Mercantia, one of Europe's most&nbsp; fascinating street theater festivals. San Casciano dei Bagni A thermal jewel of Tuscany,&nbsp;&nbsp; San Casciano dei Bagni is renowned for its&nbsp; mineral-rich waters, among the warmest in Europe.&nbsp; The historic center is an enchanting blend&nbsp; of medieval and Renaissance architecture,&nbsp;&nbsp; with stone streets that invite relaxing walks.&nbsp; The thermal baths offer wellness treatments&nbsp; that harness the therapeutic properties&nbsp;&nbsp; of local waters, perfect for a&nbsp; period of rest and regeneration.&nbsp; Beyond the thermal baths, the village is&nbsp; surrounded by lush agricultural landscape,&nbsp;&nbsp; with vineyards and olive groves producing&nbsp; some of the region's best oils and wines. Capalbio Known for its&nbsp;&nbsp; imposing medieval walls and its historic center&nbsp; that has remained virtually intact, Capalbio&nbsp;&nbsp; stands as an authentic gem offering total&nbsp; immersion in the medieval atmosphere.&nbsp; Located on the southern border of Tuscany,&nbsp; this village invites tourists to discover its&nbsp;&nbsp; characteristic alleys, hidden squares, and rich&nbsp; artistic expressions that populate every corner.&nbsp; Surrounded by lush nature, the village&nbsp; boasts landscapes that extend from the gentle&nbsp;&nbsp; hills of the Tuscan countryside to the seacoasts,&nbsp; offering a varied panorama that seduces all those&nbsp;&nbsp; in search of an authentic and relaxing experience. The richness of its historical heritage, combined&nbsp;&nbsp; with the unspoiled beauty of its surroundings,&nbsp; makes Capalbio an ideal place for those wishing&nbsp;&nbsp; to escape the frenzy of modern life and immerse&nbsp; themselves in a context of serenity and history. Pienza Conceived as&nbsp;&nbsp; the ideal Renaissance city, Pienza is the result&nbsp; of a visionary dream of Pope Pius II, who in the&nbsp;&nbsp; 15th century wanted to transform his humble native&nbsp; village into an example of perfect urban harmony.&nbsp; Architect Bernardo Rossellino was&nbsp; commissioned to design the new city,&nbsp;&nbsp; following Renaissance humanistic principles, thus&nbsp; creating a masterpiece of beauty and proportion.&nbsp; The heart of Pienza is represented by its main&nbsp; square, surrounded by emblematic buildings such&nbsp;&nbsp; as the Cathedral, Palazzo Piccolomini, and&nbsp; the Town Hall, which form an architectural&nbsp;&nbsp; ensemble of extraordinary elegance. The streets are an intricate labyrinth of&nbsp;&nbsp; stone alleys, offering romantic views and inviting&nbsp; discovery of the numerous artisan shops present.&nbsp; Here it's possible to purchase local&nbsp; products, such as the famous Pienza pecorino,&nbsp;&nbsp; a cheese with a unique flavor, witness to&nbsp; the ancient dairy traditions of the region. Sorano Known as the Matera of Tuscany&nbsp;&nbsp; for its houses carved into the tuff rock, Sorano&nbsp; is a village of incredible historical charm.&nbsp; Its medieval fortresses,&nbsp; such as the Orsini Fortress,&nbsp;&nbsp; dominate the landscape, offering a plunge into the&nbsp;&nbsp; past among cave roads and ancient Etruscan paths. The village is surrounded by lush nature, ideal&nbsp;&nbsp; for hiking or cycling, exploring the numerous&nbsp; trails that offer spectacular views and moments&nbsp;&nbsp; of peace, far from daily hustle and bustle. A visit to Sorano can be enriched by discovering&nbsp;&nbsp; local wineries that produce quality wines, perfect&nbsp; to accompany the rustic dishes of Maremma cuisine. Montefioralle Considered one of the most beautiful villages&nbsp;&nbsp; in Italy, Montefioralle is a small medieval&nbsp; gem that preserves its original charm intact.&nbsp; Its narrow cobblestone streets lead to a&nbsp; fortress that dominates the area, offering&nbsp;&nbsp; a spectacular view of the Chianti vineyards. In this village, time seems to slow down,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing tourists to completely immerse themselves&nbsp; in the tranquility and beauty of the landscape.&nbsp; The restaurants also serve excellent&nbsp; Tuscan cuisine dishes, accompanied by&nbsp;&nbsp; locally produced wines that are celebrated&nbsp; worldwide for their quality and flavor. San Quirico d'Orcia A jewel nestled in the&nbsp;&nbsp; marvelous Val d'Orcia, San Quirico d'Orcia&nbsp; boasts a landscape of harmonious beauty,&nbsp;&nbsp; recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage site.&nbsp; This medieval village stands out for its&nbsp; impressive historical and artistic heritage.&nbsp; The Horti Leonini represents one of the finest&nbsp; examples of 16th-century Italian gardens,&nbsp;&nbsp; a green labyrinth where nature&nbsp; and art meet in perfect symbiosis.&nbsp; The Collegiate Church of San Quirico, with&nbsp; its pure lines and interiors rich in artworks,&nbsp;&nbsp; is a masterpiece of Romanesque art&nbsp; that has traversed the centuries.&nbsp; The village is also a nodal point&nbsp; on the historic Via Francigena,&nbsp;&nbsp; a route of faith and commerce that has&nbsp; seen thousands of pilgrims walk its paths,&nbsp;&nbsp; enriching the place with stories,&nbsp; encounters, and cultural exchanges. Lucignano With its&nbsp;&nbsp; elliptical structure, Lucignano represents an&nbsp; extraordinary example of medieval urban planning.&nbsp; This beautiful village is famous for its&nbsp; Tree of Life, an artistic masterpiece&nbsp;&nbsp; preserved in the Municipal Museum, which&nbsp; attracts visitors from around the world&nbsp;&nbsp; for its beauty and symbolic meaning. Moreover, the village streets are a succession&nbsp;&nbsp; of historic buildings, artisan shops, and&nbsp; welcoming bars where you can savor local sweets.&nbsp; Lucignano is also an excellent starting point&nbsp; for exploring the surrounding Tuscan hills,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering views that are truly balm for the soul. San Miniato Located along the&nbsp;&nbsp; ancient Via Francigena, San Miniato is famous&nbsp; for its historical and gastronomic heritage,&nbsp;&nbsp; particularly for its prized white truffles.&nbsp; Every year, the village hosts one of&nbsp; Italy's most important truffle fairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; attracting gourmets and curious&nbsp; visitors from around the world. The historic center, with its imposing&nbsp; Cathedral and the Tower of Frederick II,&nbsp;&nbsp; offers a wonderful view of the Tuscan countryside. The artisan shops and small cafes offer a&nbsp;&nbsp; warm welcome, while local wineries invite&nbsp; visitors to taste wines and typical products,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating an atmosphere rich in&nbsp; tradition and authentic flavors. Before concluding, to give an even more&nbsp; complete description of this region,&nbsp;&nbsp; we must mention the landscapes and&nbsp; areas of Garfagnana, Crete Senesi,&nbsp;&nbsp; Argentario, and the Versilia Coast. Garfagnana, nestled between the Apuan&nbsp;&nbsp; Alps and the Tuscan-Emilian Apennines,&nbsp; is a green oasis of rare beauty.&nbsp; Here, ancient stone villages cling&nbsp; to verdant hills, while clear rivers&nbsp;&nbsp; flow through unspoiled valleys. It's a paradise for nature lovers,&nbsp;&nbsp; where fresh mountain air mingles with the scent&nbsp; of chestnuts and centuries-old traditions.&nbsp; Moving south, we encounter the&nbsp; Crete Senesi, a landscape that&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to have emerged from another planet. The gentle clay hills create a lunar panorama,&nbsp;&nbsp; dotted here and there with solitary&nbsp; cypresses that stand out against the sky.&nbsp; At sunset, when golden light caresses these&nbsp; lands, one understands why this place has&nbsp;&nbsp; inspired artists for generations. Argentario, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; is a promontory that juts out into the Tyrrhenian&nbsp; Sea, offering a spectacle of rare beauty.&nbsp; Cliffs overlooking the sea&nbsp; alternate with hidden coves,&nbsp;&nbsp; while ancient fortresses dominate the horizon.&nbsp; It's a corner of Tuscany where Mediterranean&nbsp; scrub meets the sea, creating a perfect union.&nbsp; Finally, the Versilia Coast, with its long golden&nbsp;&nbsp; beaches and the imposing profile of&nbsp; the Apuan Alps in the background.&nbsp; Here, elegant seaside resorts like Forte dei Marmi&nbsp; alternate with characteristic fishing villages.&nbsp; These landscapes, each with its uniqueness,&nbsp; complete the mosaic of beauties that make&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuscany one of the most beloved&nbsp; and visited regions in the world.

  Top Comments:
  1. @epictravel8k1st [8 likes]: Tuscany looks like a living painting. The golden hills, the peaceful countryside, and the soft light — this video captures its magic perfectly. Pure serenity.
  2. @jasonparker5746 [3 likes]: Wow, I am speechless! That is heaven on earth!
  3. @TranceOnJeroen2 [3 likes]: 3rd time I will visit Tuscany next year and it will not be the last time.❤
  4. @EpicExplorationsTVEN [2 likes]: Which of these incredible places is on your bucket list? Or maybe you’ve already visited one of these dream destinations? Let us know in the comments and share your experience or where you'd love to go! 
If you enjoyed the video, make sure to subscribe to the channel and leave a like or comment, it costs you nothing, but it means a lot to us!
  5. @MaravilhaNaturalTV [2 likes]: paisagem maravilhosa
  6. @drew-andresvogt652 [2 likes]: too many ads.
  7. @ChongcharoenSornkaewPok [2 likes]: Thank you for a very good documentary and beautiful shots of Tuscany.
  8. @TheDarkLandsMusic [2 likes]: Watching this video . Now want to go
  9. @LyseGiasson [2 likes]: Tku   🥰
  10. @LudovicoCristiano [2 likes]: Cagionati un magistrato a bloccato la cava di marmo ,veniva anche usato x le polveri del dentifrici
  11. @seahawkmjk [1 likes]: Can you tell me the months or seasons of the year when this was filmed??
  12. @khunkwanphanorwongarin8689 [1 likes]: I love Tuscany, but vine made me hanked  over.😅😅
  13. @MsCole2552 [1 likes]: Flipping between scenes so quickly is too distracting ~
  14. @rosbar4752 [1 likes]: It's all true. Tuscany is beautiful both its countryside and its towns. One thing: don't go in the summer, July and August,  it's a scorcher, an oven. Avoid Tuscany in the summer.
  15. @antoniachildress1498 [1 likes]: WHY O WHY ALL YOUR TUSCAN CITY
ITS DOESN'T SHOW
GREAT AND HISTORIAN CITY 
LIKE "LIVORNO"
AREZZO,  MASSA MARITTIMA, AND SO MANY  MORE!!!!
SHAME SHAME😮🤔🤨😒
  16. @PlanetVista4K: The scenery of Tuscany in this video is breathtaking, especially the hilltop villages 🌄
  17. @KaylaLiebeck-p2h: Italy long ago banned glyphosate! Many in the USA tried. Lost again. Too darn long now. Sprayed on perfect lawns. Too many use it on certain crops. Wrong , unethical. It causes cancer. Gmod tobacco too. Added chemicals. 1886. Fiberglass filters. How many died from this? Gmod Covid. AIDS was first. Lyme disease. Covid a virus. No cure for any virus. Like colds. Flus. How many in the USA died from this? Dandelion leaves are a healthy food.Roundup used on soy. Corn. Rice. Kills. Fed to wrong breeds of cattle is unhealthy. Add BGH. Antibiotics. More nasty shots. Ruins bones. Many body parts. Unhealthy. Crazy. Unethical. Organic grass fed buffalo , beef. Fresh. Healthier. Oils. Bad. Many. Canola. The almonds are not healthy. Ban them. Brazil nuts are healthy. Organic heirloom greens are healthy. Fresh from earth. Yams. Healthy. Plastics. Ban them. In our blood now. Pine nuts. Healthy. Petroleum based products no. Never. Lotions. Many. Not healthy. Help RFK. AOC. USA buys bad food in many states. Lying to us. Goats milk is healthy. Can make cheese. Free lawn mowers they are. Sheep. Organic grass fed buffalo  good for you. Rabbit meat. Good and healthy. Easy to raise. Great lean protein. Little fat. True. No vegie chickens. Give us bird flu. Covid. A gmo virus. No needle or antibiotic can cure virus. Like colds. Flu. Overuse of antibiotics has caused VRSA. Hard infection to cure. USA is lying to its citizens. So many don’t have or use healthy food. Products. Ban plastics. All of them. Bad. Listen to the few telling you. Bad milk. Causing many men. Females. Need organic grass fed only. No corn fed as Texas Michigan does. Masseys. True agriculture.all states in America have lousy food.
  18. @JimPalermo-z4v: I've been to several of the towns and villages in this video and I have one question. How did you get the videos without any people in then? I have never been in an Italian town without a single person in sight. This makes for great photo opportunities, but it seldom ever happens. Don't get the impression that you will be lonely in any of these towns. You will have lots of company for lunch and dinner. Enjoy the food, the views and the companionship of a mulitude tourists and native Italians.
  19. @smyrnasstory: “Glory in the heights above to God, and on earth peace among men of goodwill” (Luke 2:14)
  20. @electricballs117: A place of peace and beauty

- 5 Napa Valley Wineries You NEED to try: Kind: captions Language: en for episode 3 of our California bucket list series we're in the Napa Valley trying some of their world famous wine cheers we're trying wine right out of the barrel of course this is by no means a complete guide to the Napa Valley but I wanted to share some of my favorite wineries that I've been to over the years so that you could see where to start when beginning your Napa Valley trip are you tired of wine tasting in Napa yet I definitely can't drink as much water as I used to yeah but it's been really fun you can see the other videos in the California bucket list Series in the description and let's jump into episode 3 wine tasting in Napa with five of my favorite wineries I guess I should note a few things before we start one this isn't sponsor I paid for all of these two Napa is very expensive so know that going in and three we did this over multiple days so you don't want to do this much wine tasting in one day alright now on to the video we started our Napa Valley Journey with a visit to Visa Tui this is probably the most visited Winery in the Napa Valley and it's easy to see why as the people here are great and the property is beautiful to explore plus if you're traveling with kids they were very family friendly when we went first wine tasting experience in the Napa Valley only two and a half years old this Winery also has a great history it started when the satuis immigrated to San Francisco in 1882. they opened a winery a few years later that was eventually shut down during prohibition however in 1976 the great grandson reopened the winery in the Napa Valley and established Visa Tui again since then it's become a Napa Valley staple and a great place for wine tasting one of the highlights here for us was the exceptionally tasty Port that they had plus they had a few different types of grape juice that the kids could taste if you're hungry they also have a Famous Deli here with over 200 different types of cheeses and many different sandwich options you can take the food and the wine walk around the property sit at the picnic tables and look at the Sheep the cool property good ones there's sheep for the children to look at very friendly friendly definitely a good stop for our second Winery we're headed North toward Calistoga to visit Castello de Amorosa also known as The Castle Winery of Napa Valley here's our second Napa Valley Winery and I have to admit this is a pretty cool place to explore I've probably been here four times over the last decade but I always love coming back whenever I'm in Napa and I always love bringing people who haven't experienced it before to see this place I didn't know until after I shot this video that this spot is actually owned by Visa Tui as well so its history follows the history I shared earlier construction on the castle began in 1994 and it took over 15 years to complete the castle has over 107 rooms with four underground levels and four above ground levels it's about as authentic as a modern Castle can be using old materials that were shipped over from Europe and including a moat a drawbridge and even defense Towers with the cheapest wine tasting package you can tour the upper part self-guided but with one of the more expensive options you can actually go down into the wine cellars and taste Underground you have the opportunity and can afford it I highly recommend taking that tour as it's pretty incredible to see the castle from underneath it's a pit of despair for anyone who doesn't buy wine tension to detail is staggering here and it feels like you're in a 13th century Castle there's rooms that are lit with Candlelight rooms that look like they haven't been opened in over a hundred years and there's even a medieval torture chamber is this the chair that we get to do our wine tasting in the tour then ends with the tasting at a beautiful underground room finished wine tasting number two in Napa what'd you think it was awesome super cool it is a really fun tour and they have good wines too so definitely see it also don't forget to climb the tower before you leave of course after the tour you can go explore some of the above ground rooms that you may have missed climbing the tower is definitely my favorite part though because you get some great views over the valley you gotta do it once foreign Winery number three Behringer with only about a seven minute drive from the castle our next Winery was Behringer which was the second oldest Winery in the Napa Valley this is the one I had never been to before this video but I really wanted to tour it because the property is so historic Behringer has 146 years of history and they were the first Winery in Napa Valley to offer a public tour in 1934. we did the tasting that included a tour of the Old Winery which took us into the caves the caves here are incredibly cool as they were hand dug and they look much different than what you're used to seeing one of the things I liked most about it is that they gave you wine along the tour so you could have something to drink while you were hearing about its history I love that I'm just getting more wine to drink while I'm touring this is nice it's really impressive to see some of the old photos and Incredibly old bottles from behringer's history he looks like you know what you're doing Kelly's pretend like I knew it [Music] you can walk around the property and go down and see the historic house there are a few tastings that take place in the house but that wasn't one of the tours that we did for us we just walked around the part of the house that was accessible and checked out all of its beautiful antiques in stained glass this is our fourth and probably final Winery in Nava frogs leap for our next Winery we headed over to frog sleep which is in Rutherford on the Silverado Trail this was another one that came highly recommended and that I had never been to before they even got a little snack for us tasting we were greeted with sweet potato chips and goat cheese coloring books for the kids and even some blankets since it was a little cold in the early Napa morning this is more of a traditional tasting with five different pores seated at a table but overlooking the beautiful property after finishing the tasting you can walk around the property see the big chicken coop they have in the back or just explore the beautiful gardens we visited in the spring so there's a lot of pretty yellow flowers around for our last Winery in this video we wanted to show you something that was easily approachable if you were staying in Napa City and didn't want to go into the valley for this one we headed to a personal favorite of mine which is Jam sellers I've been here a couple times over the years and I always love the people and the atmosphere here they have guitars on the walls you can pick from hundreds of different vinyls for them to play while you're there and they often have concerts on the weekends even if you don't think you like Chardonnay be sure to try it here the butter Chardonnay is pretty hard to beat that was the last of our tasting experiences in Napa and that's a great approachable one especially if you're new to Wine they make some really good wine there the most chill probably my favorite so we're doing this bucket list video with us let us know what other California buckets items you want to see in the comments and we will see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelalan1270 [13 likes]: I live in Sonoma and know the area well. Napa is a total ripoff catering to tourists. Tastings average $25-$60 for a few sips of wines. Then they push you to spend another $20+ for a "cheese pairing." And forget free tours, that's extra too.  The wineries in this video are nothing special, just pretty buildings. Sonoma is more laid back but too pricey also.
  2. @mukkucha [2 likes]: Price ???
  3. @TrethChunh-u1q1y [1 likes]: I really enjoyed this video, the content was well-presented and I appreciate the detailed info on each winery. But honestly, I feel like there are some hidden gems in Napa Valley that didn't make the cut here. Sometimes the most well-known places aren’t always the best in terms of quality and experience. Curious to hear what others think!
  4. @miriammitchell9677 [1 likes]: Thank you once again Josh!!! Love, Love this adventure🤗 Me and my retired Air Force Vets took the Napa Valley Wine Train tour. Afterwards of course we stopped at V Sattui and Beringer. All were breathtaking 🍷 Thank uuu
  5. @sheilabee4948 [1 likes]: Please note most wineries dont allow children
  6. @debbiel7659 [1 likes]: Thank you Josh and Amy SO good to see you with Pops on the live stream! Can not wait for the New videos!!
  7. @JohnSimpson-r5d: ‘First time to Napa:
We went to the Castle. It was amazing. The outside courtyard was a superb venue.
  8. @ninjaundermyskin: Underrated is the culinary institute. They have a great wine tour, and amazing food. Best pork chop I've ever had, best scallops I've ever had.
  9. @Jane-gv3cn: Wineries should not be for kids. Nobody there wants to see those🥴
  10. @robertwalegir8677: A long time ago, I was a senior analyst for the Napa Valley wine, growers association thanks for your video, but there’s probably 100 more wineries a lot better than the one‘s you chose the only one people should consider to put it in your terms is the castle
  11. @hikernik: Please check winery website before going. Things must have changed for the past year or two, most of them are not kids friendly anymore.
  12. @egbuhnlesrois6731: And, Pet Friendly 🐩🦮🐈🐇🐿️🦡
  13. @wesleygraham9967: Have only been once outside of a wedding I was in (so didn’t get to do any wandering). Went Harlan, Promontory, Lakoya, Cardinal, Fairchild, Barnett. All were unbelievable. Had to be scheduled ahead and no one else was on site at each except for at Barnett for their member harvest party (which was a ton of fun). I’d recommend them all highly.
  14. @matthewandrew: Love wine
  15. @joskocatipovic706: Boycott Trump's wine!
  16. @dorseykindler9544: Lola up in Calistoga is a favorite of mine. Same for the Vintners Collective and Quilt & Co. down in Napa.
  17. @grif13: Thank you. Very nice.
  18. @undergroundtraveler: Would love if you guys included estimated price!
  19. @maniyazhagan1983: ❤❤
  20. @hetashah3999: hey!!! i saw your all videos and they are awesome. I had one question - we are thinking to do west coast alongwith the iconic national parks. Do you think you it's doable?

- I tried the Napa Valley WINE TRAIN...: Kind: captions Language: en a portion of this video is sponsored by ag1 when I say trains will take you to some of the most incredible places that was amazing this train is what I'm talking about welcome aboard the Napa Valley Wine Train I've been waiting a long time to ride this train and I haven't come alone my friend Joe is joining us on board for a little wine this I like to think of it as a champagne and Merlot color train I think it's beautiful this is your first time here I'm Mike welcome to Downey live we are riding aboard Cabernet Sauvignon now the reason I chose for us to do this experience on this train car is for two reasons one it's at the back of the train so we got an outdoor deck which you know I love and two this is their brand new tasting experience seven courses seven wine pairings ready ready seven courses came hungry so we're boarding at 11 A.M and this antique rail car which is beautifully restored was built in 1915 and has created the perfect setting for tasting on the rails experience this morning no just for fun so we just sat down we already have our first course our amuse Bouche if you will it's an endive with herb cheese sliced grapes and milk crumb on it and it's paired with our sparkling wine here we go here's everybody raise the glass let's have a great ride today [Applause] so we're off all seven wines we'll be trying today are from Vineyards along the tracks that we'll be riding on today well not here but we'll see them shortly I love going past traffic on a train with champagne Joe this is the epitome of being wind and dimes right now we're living the life everyone has their glasses full and we're like oh no overhead we're gonna slow it down a little bit just a little bit but it's not long before we see The Vineyards and it's also not long before our next line single Vineyard Chardonnay Jasmine and citrus in there okay and then this is going to have Aromas of blind peel lemon and papaya with a nice balance I have to admit a Vineyard does make a beautiful backdrop this is the Shondell Winery where we had our sparkling wine from that's really cool having the wine and going past the winery itself seeing where the grapes are grown it's fun thinking Those Grapes growing right now could turn into wine to be sipped on this very train yeah just a couple of years oh yeah now with all the wine flowing there's one thing we have to do all right bathroom tour okay this is nice great sink spacious clean cool wood vintage feel no more I'd want from it yeah I like it now to get us here I want to thank the sponsor of this portion of the video ag1 this is the morning before we get on the train and I drink this every single day why because it says right on the packaging comprehensive and convenient daily nutrition ag1 is made with 75 vitamins minerals probiotics and adaptogens I'm gonna be honest I don't know what adaptogens do but I know my body needs them and when I drink ag-1 I know my body is getting the nutrients it needs especially when I'm traveling and it's a simple daily habit just eight ounces of water one scoop of ag1 or one pack while I'm traveling shake and enjoy and considering how many healthy ingredients are in it I'm always impressed at how good it actually tastes the reason I like ag1 is for its natural energy supporting ingredients like vitamin B12 but also while I'm traveling for its performance and Recovery support with magnesium and superfoods if you want to give it a try go to athleticreens.com to get started and get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3 and K2 for immunity support and five travel packs so thank you ag1 for supporting me on my travels now let's go ride that train the two whites the lighter one for the salad and the slightly darker one for the soup but just because the focus is on the wine doesn't mean the food lacks at all that is delicious okay Joe let's take advantage of my favorite part of this drink I don't think I've ever been on this part of the train no yeah and with wine I don't think there's any other train in America if not the world where you can stand at the back of a train drinking wine I mean I mean is there anything better let the mullet flow so we've just come to a stop here at the gergich hills estate winery because we're going to let off some passengers they are five different experiences that you can book on board this train ours is the seven course tasting menu but there are others that are different like for example these passengers are getting off for a one hour wine tasting here at the winery before getting back on as we go along in fact earlier I got to walk through the train and see what each of the cars look like so let's go see what that looks like now and so Nathan what's the name of the experience we're riding today tasting on the rails in fact there are five different experiences on board from afternoon tea in this stunningly decorated rail car known as The Secret Garden or of course the famous Gourmet Express lunch which includes a multiple course meal and the car resembles the Glamorous days of rail travel but if dining in sophisticated Comfort is what you're looking for you'll love the most elegant experience in the incredible Vista dome I mean there is no better way to ride a train than in a two-story observation style dining car with its plush booths and being served wine but where's all the food being prepared well the prep happens in this kitchen at the Operation Center yes this is where we do all the prep and production in the morning we cook from scratch so that means breaking down Meats making stocks you know literally cooking the soup from raw product and so that all happens here in like any restaurant in your kitchen you're doing that then all that product is moved into the front of the line where it's actually cooked to order for the customers we do the same thing on the train we're cooking everything on board the means it's going to be a nice quick cylinder tenderloin with some mushroom puree potato gratin with a lot of gruyere cheese a nice border lays some prawns creamy polenta a ramp chimichurri and comfy Tomatoes all right all right I may wind up if you will okay and uh good pairing already it's already good pairing so when I drink wine I think about food one of the things everybody who looked at me and just scratched their heads are like you're really going to do a red wine with shrimp and I was like why not let's put let's try it off being aggressive with with the seasoning on the shrimp having a pork having something creamy something anxious what we do here as far as the food goes it's like we're just a supporting actor if you will right the the wine is the main actor and we are letting the wine where this is an auxiliary for the wine the food is helping the wine shine correct so I'm no sommelier or even a foodie I'm not used to a seven course dining experience nor am I sure I can even properly appreciate it but that's why I brought my friend Joe Joe is a foodie he's also a little quieter a little more grounded than I am not the spontaneous type so it was a little unexpected but a pleasant surprise when he said yes to this trip but the food and wine is right up his alley whereas for me it's more about the train well let's face it the wine too but if I'm not a big wine or food guy why did I come ride this train now the reason I've decided to come do the Wine Train other than the fact that I Love Trains is wine can be very intimidating and knowing which like wineries to go to for tastings and pretend to know a lot about wines it can feel pretentious but this seven courses serve to you with seven different wines from wineries that were passing right by just seemed like an easier more inviting experience for me to for someone who doesn't really know wines but enjoys it that's a fun group that's a fun group so we've now reached the halfway point of this trip which means the locomotives at the front have detached and are now going to reconnect at the back here so this uh deck will be a little less appealing at the rear end of a locomotive oh that's a different View let's go eat now I think Joe's enjoying himself but how could he not we're five courses and five Wines in which means next up are our final two courses a dessert and a cheese plate paired with a red and a white of course and you know I love myself a dessert on a train now I'm not a Joe I don't have a nose for the Finer Things in life but I love new experiences and a wine train made the intimidating world of wine a little more inviting and a little more fun I mean don't get me wrong I'm loving it it's delicious I just maybe don't appreciate it the way Joe does a red there's just something about being outside on a train I can show you all you want sometimes it's best if you just get out here and try for yourself I would recommend it I might be seven wine tastings in but I recommend it as we're approaching the station this is where we have to make a critical decision it's like two o'clock so well that's true what what should we do after this maybe a Vineyard maybe some more tastings some more wine I like your thinking that sounds good now it will be hard to top The Experience we've just had but I know just the person to recommend a final experience to end today thank you Nathan thank you very much so great to have you here today do you have another recommendation if we want to go for one more yeah you know what you've got a little bit of time left it's only 2 50 right now Monticello Vineyards is been around since 1970 they're in the Oak Knoll Ava that we just passed through and it's only an eight minute drive from here surrounded by Vineyards Monticello's let's go let's go perfect to uh Monticello Vineyards please now my dad used to tell me that asking for one more is asking for trouble but I think nothing happens if you don't try there's only one way to find out how this ends what a beautiful place picturesque good recommendation this Winery was going to be the perfect peaceful ending to this video but it doesn't end as expected but I'll get to that in a minute at first we sit in the garden for another wine tasting [Music] more wine I can't go play we're just soaking in this warm California day when we get invited on a little tour so first first Winery ever in the United States Winery Bond number one Monticello and of course being a historian Jay Corley wanted to sort of pay homage to that oh wow oh this is the library as you called it yep I was expecting books of course it's a Wine Library even better until of course we get invited inside the wine barrel Warehouse wow what a seller this is winemaker Chris yeah uh I hear you dabble on the keys a little bit I do after glass will win okay well perfect we'll take our time and this is where it becomes a little more unusual hoping this is maybe the first time you've ever heard a wine or really been able to listen to a wine and understand it through a different set of Senses I think it it will be so what I'll do for you is I'm gonna play this wine for you in the piano and I'm going to show you how we blend the wine so this is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon Cabernet Franc and Merlot right and I'm going to show you those components so that you can hear those varietals and then you'll see how we put it all together so when we're blending we've got these three different components in the wine we've got Cabernet Sauvignon which is Rich robust kind of resonant on the palette and for me musically the Cabernet Sauvignon sounds like this foreign Master only Chris knows how his wine sounds okay and then we've got Cabernet Franc which is spicy bright Lively he's showing us how his Monticello proprietary red sounds to him what a treat yes so that's Cabernet Franc and then we're going to blend it together with some Merlot which is going to bring together the mid palette and bring those two together it's the wine we're currently drinking I can hear it already I can I can hear it so now we're going to blend them all together in the magic with wine blending is to make one plus one plus one equal four or five so we're gonna blend this in this red wine blend the Monticello proprietary red has three varietals each impressive on their own but together taste and sound incredible sometimes in life you have to take a chance whether it's saving a dying Railway to serve wine to tourists or to say yes to a trip with a friend or by playing piano to your dormant wine to bring the flavors to life you never know what you'll find by riding the rails I don't know where I'm going next but I know I want you there with me I'll see you next week that is a true artist cheers when you said you play a little tune I was like okay a little like yeah a little ding ding ding but that was amazing well that's that's what Monticello wine will do for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @pledg44 [3 likes]: Go in-person to the wineries.  The smaller ones usually have free samples  and snacks.  The bigger wineries charge to get in, but have museums, gourmet  snacks, bigger bottles.   One  even has a zoo.  Don't miss the Japanese Sake Factory.... River walk.   Go nortth  for mud baths, mineral springs, petrified forest, geyser, etc.   Spend a week with the lakes, hiking, and gondola.
  2. @AdventuringwiththeS.G.O.C.C [1 likes]: Back when I lived in Napa and Vince owned the train when they first began refurbishing cars I was the one who did most of the bronze laminated window glass for the trains. Helped me start my own glass shop.
  3. @neomage2021: haircut straight out of 1993
  4. @PeterSammarcoRealtor: Love it thank you
  5. @goodbyegut: You don't need AG1 with all the great meals you are eating on your travels.  Glad you don't pay for the AG1.  Save it for a natural disaster and you are on day 2 without food since your body stores plenty of energy for day 1 at minimum.
  6. @shad0wrune: AG1 is so nasty
  7. @itszentro: The sounds of wine are unmatched
  8. @Cowabunga_Mother: Will there ever be a video addressing this hair?? Your people deserve to know what is going on!
  9. @MrMountain707: AG1 is a scam
  10. @daragonzalez2323: Life is good more wine please ☺️🍾🥂🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷
  11. @njbg5796: Wish we had this in Vancouver through the Okanogan or Pemberton..would be such a popular date night idea
  12. @dorseykindler9544: The Wine Train goes right behind the office of the St. Helena Star. Used to put pennies on the track when I was a young reporter. (Don’t tell anyone.)
  13. @Montenza_M44: nice
  14. @mikemacheese7174: Great video and review but the mullet has got to go!
  15. @cajayson8301: I love the Napa wine train....did that on my birthday in 2012. One of my favorite birthdays ever.
  16. @TheTessEffects: Can’t wait to try it. 7 courses 7 wine pairings 😍
  17. @nobodynobody1235: Can kid join in the ride,  but they don't drink wine
  18. @Tripsy4Peace: Thanks!
  19. @hovelbunker713: what an experience
  20. @SouthernGent44: That's the train where the group of ladies was kicked off for laughing and talking while enjoying wine. No thanks; hard pass.

- Napa valley wine train 🍷 🚂 | was it worth it? | legacy experience with my mom | planning tips & recs: Kind: captions Language: en-US

  Top Comments:
  1. @tessie7e777 [2 likes]: The wine train is beautiful, no doubt. I’ve been fortunate to experience it multiple times, as I’ve lived my whole life in the SF Bay Area. However, that was before the pandemic after which the prices went up exponentially and they eliminated all the cheaper options. This makes me so sad, as I had wanted it to be my milestone birthday event. I’m so glad you had a wonderful time!
  2. @ameliamathew8636 [1 likes]: This is sooo cute and it made me miss my mom so much ❤
  3. @kendra.417 [1 likes]: i truly enjoyed this! i have a tech conference in september in napa valley and want to do the wine train tour when the conference is over. you ladies look like you had a grand time! also, regarding brown estate i’ve purchased in the past many bottles from them and always wanted to visit their downtown location…i’ll be there!!!
  4. @lolam.5062 [1 likes]: It looks like soooo much funn🎉luv yall 😍 thanx 4 sharing ths lovely mother daughter trek🤗🙏🏾🫶🏾🙌🏾 I luv it❤️‍🔥👑💃🏾🕺🏾🪷🦋
  5. @cbl4405 [1 likes]: Absolutely lovely! I believe I will plan this as a gift for my two daughters.  With me, of course!!🥰🥰🥰

Lovely, lovely video. You and your mom together just made me big smile throughout the video. And we will definitely put Brown on our itinerary.  ❤

God willing, we'll do an early October trip. 

Thanks a bunch!🤗🥂🍷
  6. @andreyamatthew2006 [1 likes]: I love this soo much 🤩🤩 It was so good to see all the fun you and your Mom had 🤩🤩 this is definitely definitely going on my list of things to try🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
  7. @Stillrocks33: I love it
  8. @KimberlyLloyd-df2qu: LOVE YO MOM!  She's such a BLACK MOTHER when she hit you with girlll will you let me enjoy my food😂😂😂😂
  9. @michellereed5943: I am in if you do a group trip.
  10. @MsParker-t6f: First many blessings to you and your mom! Second: I'm doing the Napa Winetrain with my bestie for her birthday after seeing your video! Third/final: Did you all do dinner that evening after the trip? How filling was the food? Thanks for your time!
  11. @otherbrides5485: This made my heart happy 😊
  12. @chasitywalker7387: Glad I came across your page me and my daughter are planning to go next May 26 and we are doing the 6 hr tour as well. I'm glad you shared your experience gave me insight on what to expect
  13. @mattandbarbhartt2860: Love this! I’m a new sub! 💜
  14. @durskoenig: You made that fun, thanks.
  15. @ninaleon7157: We are going I September
  16. @CruzMontenegro: The color of you lipstick, what brand is it, my wife is asking
  17. @lexgill2298: I heard the wine is not included in the cost . Do riders have to pay for their wine?
  18. @ranwilso: Very detailed review!! I now want to take the Legacy train tour. Thank you!!!
  19. @ranwilso: Did you fly into San Francisco airport?
  20. @ranwilso: I have a ton of comments and questions...first up, what is that little "clicker" you use in filming and what color is that amazing lipstick?

- We Found The Best Way To Spend A Wine-Tasting Weekend in Napa!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys we're Mark and Catherine and we just returned from Napa Valley in this video we'll take you on a tour of six of our favorite Vineyards showcase some amazing restaurants and share some unique experiences from our time in Napa Valley Napa Valley located 50 miles Northeast of San Francisco is renowned as a top wine growing region globally despite its small size of just 30 miles long and a few miles wide Napa Valley boasts diverse soils and micro climates that are ideal for growing fine grapes with over 400 wineries diverse dining options and a pleasant climate Napa Valley has it all Costello di Amorosa meaning castle of love is a 13th century Tuscan style castle built by winemaker Dario sattui inspired by his Italian Heritage and love for medieval architecture and wine the castle was constructed with over 8 000 tons of hand-chiseled local Stone and one million antique bricks imported from Europe it took 15 years to complete and features 107 rooms spread across 121 000 square feet including a courtyard with a catapult our visit to the Charming medieval castle was truly a highlight the experience started from the moment we crossed the imposing drawbridge at the entrance and continued through to the delightful seated tasting in the ilpacito room our knowledgeable sommelier Lucas made expert recommendations showcasing a range of exceptional wines we were particularly impressed by the 2019 San Diego and the LA Fantasia sparkling rose and couldn't resist taking a bottle of each as a reminder of the wonderful evening experience authentic Italian cuisine at Beast at Beast renowned rest serving traditional Italian dishes for years the outdoor dining area is a highlight with its Central Fountain and breathtaking Vineyard views however the true star of the show is the food and wine during our visit we began with a delectable Brunello di montecino from the extensive wine list while seated at the bar our meal only got better with exceptional Beef Carpaccio Caesar salad mushroom risotto and Penny Bolognese everything on the menu at Bistro Don Giovanni is guaranteed to be outstanding just be sure to book your table well in advance Chateau Montelena established in 1882 in Calistoga is a historic wine estate the original Chateau was later purchased by Chinese electrical engineer York wing Frank and the Asian influence of Frank and his wife can still be seen in the property's Chinese Garden and Jade Lake after a brief Interruption during prohibition wine production was resumed in 1972 by James Barrett and under the guidance of winemaker Mike gergich The Chateau went on to win the white wine category at the historic Judgment of Paris competition in 1976 the award-winning 1973 Chardonnay is now displayed at the Smithsonian National Museum of American history and captured in the film Bottle Shock Plus [Music] our visit to the Chateau is made especially memorable by Lynn our knowledgeable sommelier Who provided a fascinating insight into the chateau's rich history and award-winning wines we especially enjoyed the 50th vintage of the Napa Valley chardonnay still as delicious now as it was in Paris in 1976. our visit to Bounty Hunter wine bar and smoke and barbecue in downtown Napa was an unforgettable experience with over 400 diverse wines and rare Spirits from around the world including 40 American whiskeys the restaurant offers a multitude of options our server Katie expertly recommended the mouth-watering smoke and barbecue platter which exceeded our expectations with this delectable pulled pork and smoked beef brisket and the St Louis ribs that were among the best we've ever tasted the visit was truly elevated however for our engaging conversation with the hostess Jennifer she enlightened us with a fascinating history of the restaurant including the 48 star American flag displayed on the wall which had once flown on an early voyage across the Atlantic before being discarded and later rediscovered a truly memorable experience you're probably familiar with the joy of cooking the renowned cookbook written by Irma Rombauer in 1931 Irma's great nephew Turner Rombauer established Ron Bauer Vineyards after purchasing 40 acres in Saint Helena the winery still family owned today has become well known for his buttery Carneros Chardonnay during our visit the knowledgeable and hospitable staff made the tasting experience quite memorable G-Man our sommelier educated us on the history of Rombauer Vineyards and The crucial role played by the bacterium enococcus in the production of their rich and buttery Chardonnay despite the loss of Kerner in 2018 the legacy of exceptional winemaking and warm Hospitality at Ron Bauer Vineyards lives on Oxbow Public Market a thriving Hub in the heart of downtown Napa is a prime destination for food and wine lovers it is one of our favorite stops in Napa boasting an array of local food vendors Artisan cafes and a thriving organic produce Outlet This Charming Marketplace is a ultimate Gathering Place for locals and tourists alike the highlight of the market is the Hog Island Oyster Bar where you can indulge in delectable oysters and Fine Wines while enjoying breathtaking views of the Napa River from the outdoor deck coffee aficionados must visit Ritual Coffee a friendly and inviting coffee bar that serves exceptional coffee and pastries for those in search of unique spices whole spice offers a vast collection of over 500 spices herbs salts and sugars available for tasting when we were there we found a nice assortment of various Curry spices Annette's chocolates is another must visit offering a mouth-watering range of specialty chocolates caramels and creams you'll definitely want to stop by just to sample their popular beer brittle the neighboring God's roadside is a popular dining destination offering a diverse menu that ranges from classic California Burgers to ahi poke tacos there's nothing better than sitting in the sun on their outdoor patio to keeping their garlic butter parsley fries into one of their mini tasty Gourmet sauces the spicy garlic fries with the with the ranch dressing spicy jalapeno and then hot and spicy right behind got you'll find the motto Bakery known for their world famous English muffins an array of delicious Breads and pastries as Oprah herself puts it these English muffins are the best best thing with muffin I've ever had for sure it's like a butter muffin float of valve Winery is one of our favorite Vineyards who has founded in the early 1970s by World Travelers and entrepreneurs John and Henrietta Goulet who had lived in France for many years and dreamed of producing a Bordeaux style wine outside of France in 1973 the blaze planted their first finds and the family-owned clodoval Winery was established we particularly love the open air tasting room with large sliding glass doors that lead to the outdoor seating area featuring a large linear water feature and stunning Vineyard views what sets Khloe develop part is the exceptional Hospitality of its staff Lupita was incredibly accommodating even arranging a late afternoon tasting for us Victor was equally exceptional sharing the rich history of the vineyard and its wine making process with us we're now at Skyline Wilderness Park an 850 acre Wilderness Area located in the Southeast corner of Napa the park off offers over 25 miles of trails for hiking mountain biking and equestrian use as well as an RV park a disc golf course and the Martha Walker native habitat Garden during our visit we thoroughly enjoyed our hike on the Manzanita Trail and Lake Marie Road where on a clear day you can take in views of the Bay Bridge Mount Tam and Mount Diablo Stags Leap wine cellars was established in 1970 when a 44 acre prune Orchard was replanted with Cabernet Sauvignon grapes the first vintage of the now legendary SLV cab was produced in 1972 and four years later it won Top honors at the Judgment of Paris competition cementing the reputation of California's Napa Valley Wines during our visit we tasted in the arcade which is the entrance to the 34 000 foot network of tunnels and wine caves in the center of those tunnels suspended from the ceiling as one of only 50 full coal pendulums in the world marking the passage of time and the Aging of wine our enthusiastic sommelier JoJo shared with us three fantastic Cabernet wines including the Timeless SLV cab which remains as exceptional today as it was in 1976. the city of Napa's Fire Department was offered 30 tons of Salvage steel from the World Trade Center in 2009 to honor the victims of the 911 tragedy and those who risked their lives to save others a public-private collaboration was undertaken to construct a 911 memorial garden artist Gordon huether designed the memorial which was built by a team of volunteers the centerpiece of the garden is a series of custom glass panels bearing the names of the 3 000 innocent victims attached to six vertically placed beams salvaged from the World Trade Center the memorial serves as a place of reflection inspiring all of us to exhibit courage care and compassion Robert sinsky Vineyards is located on the Silverado Trail and the picturesque stag sleep District of Napa Valley The Vineyard was founded by Robert sinski a renowned cataract surgeon who purchased a 15-acre farm in Carneros in the late 1970s today the vineyard is owned and managed by Robert's son Rob sinski who serves as the chief Vintner and his wife Maria who is the culinary director the couple operates a beautiful tasting room with a stonewalled interior and an organic kitchen that uses ingredients from the vineyard's on-site Gardens instead of a traditional wine tasting we recommend the culinary tour that pairs the vineyard's Fine Wines with Farm to Table dishes for an unforgettable dining and drinking experience check check out the crush Lounge at the Meritage Resort this one-of-a-kind venue offers a range of options to suit your mood unwind at the bar with a cocktail cozy up by the fire for dinner in the lounge catch the latest game on one of the big screen TVs or challenge friends to a fun game of bowling on the six Lanes during our visit we indulged in dinner and drinks at the bar before hitting the lanes for a few rounds of Boeing it was a fantastic time and we highly recommend it to anyone looking for a unique and exciting experience thanks for watching if you like consider giving us a big thumbs up and subscribing as this really helps our Channel grow this is a romantino here at facilities it's Stellar it's a good way now it's to get a hangover [Applause] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @deborahwade9896 [4 likes]: What an entertaining and informative video.  We live in the Bay Area and have loved going to Napa for years but your fun fast-moving vlog gave us some great new ideas.  Thanks so much, we'll watch more of your channel.  Cheers!
  2. @anjamassi7 [4 likes]: My late Italian , chef husband, Massimiliano and I started PF Wine Tours  over a decade ago and had tasted at over 300 wineries between Napa and Sonoma at the time of his death, I am now at 340 - it's just not as fun withoug your best friend - and always loved, as you do, Clos du Val who placed #4 in the Judgment of Paris competition and at the 10 year anniversary competition in 1986  with the same wines and vintages, placed #1. I think that 's worthy of noting. I enjoyed your video
  3. @frankserrano3880 [3 likes]: It is a most Beautiful Video
  4. @FollowEman [2 likes]: Great video on Napa.
  5. @drcollumdc [1 likes]: We were there in 2024, managed to snag a reservation at French Laundry, if you haven't been, add to your bucket list.
  6. @gorangoran6335 [1 likes]: No Grgich Hills winery? Winery of Mike Grgich (Miljenko Grgić), a man who elevated Napa Valley. May I ask why????
  7. @fortunatetotravel8010 [1 likes]: Great video - where did you stay on this trip?
  8. @nadilgjeka8056 [1 likes]: Great info, thanks for sharing!
  9. @billiswillis8293 [1 likes]: 8:07 "Stag's Leap Wine Cellars was established in 1970 when a 44 acre prune orchard was replanted with Cab. Sauv. grapes. The First vintage of the now legendary SLV Cab was produced in 1972 and four years later it won top honors at the Judgement of Paris competition." 1.- It was not the 1972 but the 1973 vintage. 2.- Young vines don't produce great wines. This is an evidence that the Judgement of Paris was a fraud.
  10. @roni-co5ng [1 likes]: thank you for sharing your favorite places in napa. i appreciated the history of the vineyards and the type of wines and food you enjoyed. looks like you had a blast.
  11. @garbagebat555 [1 likes]: Super
Heermosaaaa localidad
  12. @MargieNavarro-su1pl [1 likes]: Watch Lin is in it
  13. @travelingtherapist740: Thanks for the tips!
  14. @matthewandrew: Wow there’s a castle?
  15. @johnmeredith7128: If you're in Napa, you found the WORST way to spend a wine tasting weekend.

- What Are The Best Rare Wine Tastings At Napa Valley? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en What are the best rare wine tastings at Napa Valley? Imagine walking into a room filled with the most exclusive wines that only a few get to taste. Napa Valley is known for its world-class wines, but some are so rare they are almost impossible to find. During the festivals and special events, you get a chance to sample these hidden gems. One of the top experiences is the Howell Mountain Harvest Celebration. This event brings together over 40 wineries from the Howell Mountain American Viticultural Area. Many of these wineries are not open to the public normally and produce limited hard to get wines. You can taste and even buy these wines directly from the producers. The event takes place at the Culinary Institute of America at Copia and includes gourmet food and a silent auction with exclusive winery experiences. It is a favorite for those wanting to discover rare wines from this mountain region. Another mustsee is the auction Napa Valley. This is a big yearly event where wineries auction off rare wines and special experiences. Attendees can bid on large bottles known as magnums or even larger formats and enjoy dinners hosted by famous venters. The auction raises money for local charities and offers a chance to taste some of Napa's most sought-after wines. Then there is Festival Napa Valley's Taste of Napa. This event features over 90 wineries, many offering limited edition and rare vintages. Guests can sample these wines alongside culinary delights, making it a perfect way to find new favorites. Some wineries host intimate harvest parties and dinners where you can try rare vintages poured from large bottles. For example, Balachi Vineyards hosts a harvest cabernet dinner with exclusive pores from select vineyard blocks. These events often include conversations with the wine makers, giving you insight into how these special wines are made. Private estate and wine maker series tastings are also popular. Wineries like Axern Napa Valley offer small educational tastings focusing on single vineyard wines. These are often not available elsewhere and give a deep look into teroir and craftsmanship. Invitationonly events like Premier Napa Valley are the most exclusive. They gather the top wineries to showcase their rarest and most collectible wines. These tastings are highly limited and often requiring special invitations. Overall, these rare wine tastings are a big part of Napa Valley's festival scene. They combine the J of tasting exceptional wines with the excitement of discovering something truly unique. Whether it's through a large festival or an intimate private event, these experiences give visitors a chance to enjoy wines that are usually reserved for collectors and connoisseurs. It's a chance to celebrate Napa's rich wine- makingaking heritage while tasting some of the most exclusive bottles in the world.

- Which Napa Valley Wine Festival Wineries Are A Must-visit? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Which Napa Valley wine festival wineries are a must visit? Imagine walking through lush vineyards, tasting worldclass wines, and soaking in the lively festival atmosphere. During Napa Valley wine festivals, certain wineries stand out as must-sea stops. These places are known for their exceptional wines and unique festival experiences. First, there is Scarecrow Winery, famous for its small batch highquality wines. They often host VIP welcome dinners, giving guests a chance to enjoy exclusive tastings. If you love limited editions and special events, visiting Scarecrow is a real treat. Next, Morasali Vineyard is a favorite for its distinctive vineyard specific wines. They participate in VIP events and main tastings, making it easy to explore their unique offerings. Bella Oaks is another winery that shines during festivals. Known for its elegant wines and friendly hospitality, it often hosts tastings and social gatherings. Staglin Family Vineyard is well known for its Bordeaux style wines and its efforts to support mental health causes. They are a regular feature in festival lineups and offer a chance to taste some of the best wines in Napa Valley. Ingalnook is a historic winery with a rich legacy. Its estate offers a blend of tradition and quality, making it a popular stop for festival visitors. For those seeking prestige, wineries like Screaming Eagle, Spotswood Estate, Vineyard and Winery, Sloan Estate, Bond, Bryant Estate, Shrader Sellers, and Nickel and Nickel are often part of the main walkound tastings. These wineries are known for their highly sought-after wines and are perfect for those wanting to sample top tier Napa Valley vintages. Other notable wineries include Charles Krug, Domain Carneros, Joseph Phelps Vineyard, Quintessa, Stags Leap Wine Sellers, and St. Sulpri Estate Vineyards and Winery. These venues often host special events, concerts, and culinary pairings, giving visitors a full cultural experience. Castello Diamosa is famous for its castle setting and Italian style wines, making it a fun and picturesque stop during festivals. When planning your festival visit, consider the VIP experiences. These often include exclusive access to certain wineries and special tastings, perfect for a more intimate experience. Main tastings let you sample a wide variety of wines from many wineries, giving a broad view of Napa Valley's diversity. Some festivals also feature harvest dinners at wineries like Monttoello Vineyards, Visadi Winery, and Balachi Vineyards, which add seasonal charm to your trip. Festival Napa Valley's Taste of Napa event showcases over 90 wineries, breweries, and culinary artisans. It's a fantastic chance to enjoy a wide range of local flavors all in one place. Visiting these wineries during festivals means enjoying great wines, lively music, delicious food, and a sense of community. Each stop offers a chance to make your Napa Valley experience truly memorable.

- How Do I Find Unique Wineries At The Napa Valley Wine Festival? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How do I find unique wineries at the Napa Valley Wine Festival? Imagine walking through a vineyard and discovering a hidden gem that no one else has seen. That's what finding unique wineries at the Napa Valley Wine Festival is all about. To start, check the festival's official itinerary and event list. These often highlight special wineries that are not part of the usual crowd. Look for events like private tastings or exclusive tours which are often reserved for boutique or family-owned wineries. These smaller wineries focus on limited batches and often use rare grape varieties. For example, some estates like six sigma ranch and winery R family run known four bold wines from volcanic soils, especially temperno which is less common in Napa. attend curated tasting events such as Taste of Napa or Taste of Atlas Peak. These events gather many wineries, including those that are lesser known, but offer distinctive wines. Participating in these tastings gives you a chance to try wines you won't find in regular tasting rooms. Using VIP programs like the Encorked Napa Valley Summer Wine Passport can help you access special wineries. These passes often include private tastings and estate tours at boutique wineries that focus on unique styles. Remember to reserve your spots early because many small wineries have limited capacity and requiring advanced booking. Engaging with wine makers or staff during the festival can also reveal hidden treasures. They love sharing stories about their vineyards and what makes their wines special. Some wineries even host harvest activities or hands-on experiences like grape stomping or blending sessions. These are great ways to get closer to the wine- making process and discover wineries that focus on creating memorable participatory experiences. By carefully reviewing the festival's schedule, attending curated events, using VIP passes, and talking directly with winery staff, you can uncover some of the most distinctive and memorable wineries during the Napa Valley Wine Festival.

- What Is The Best Napa Valley Wine Festival Itinerary? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What is the best Napa Valley wine festival itinerary? Imagine spending days surrounded by rolling vineyards, tasting worldclass wines, and enjoying delicious food in one of the most beautiful regions. Planning the perfect Napa Valley wine festival trip can seem overwhelming, but a well ststructured itinerary makes it all easier. The best plan combines major events, vineyard visits, and special dinners to give you a full taste of Napa's lively wine culture. Start your adventure in July during Festival Napa Valley, a highlight of the year. This event features tastings from over 90 wineries and breweries with food from top chefs and live music in stunning vineyard settings. The Taste of Napa is a must attend, offering a wide variety of wines and culinary delights in one lively location. Spend your first day here soaking up the festive atmosphere and sampling different wines. On your second day, explore some vineyard tours and tastings at select wineries participating in the festival. Many wineries offer behind-the-scenes experiences like barrel tastings or vineyard walks. These visits give you a closer look at how Napa wines are made and allow you to chat with wine makers. Be sure to schedule visits at popular spots like Robert Mandavi Winery or Silver Oak. As September rolls around, attend harvest celebrations like the Monttoello Vineyards Harvest Party or the Vadi Harvest Ball. These events are lively and full of seasonal food, wine, and entertainment. They often feature communal tables, live music, and special wine releases, creating a warm communal vibe. It's a perfect way to experience Napa's harvest season and celebrate the grape gathering. For a more intimate experience, plan to attend a special dinner like the Balachi Harvest Cabernet dinner. These dinners are held at exclusive wineries and feature multi-course meals paired with rare vintages. You get to meet the wine makers and learn about their craft while enjoying delicious food. These dinners usually cost around $200 per person and requiring reservations well in advance. Extend your trip into October and November by visiting additional harvest events or winery open houses. Many wineries host open houses with vineyard tours, barrel tastings, and seasonal cuisine. For example, Maxville's annual harvest party offers a fun day with live music, wine tastings, and food trucks. These events let you experience the full scope of Napa's harvest season, and enjoy the region's natural beauty. If you want a lively, music-filled festival, consider attending Bautak Napa Valley in May. It combines music, food, and wine into one energetic event that draws a diverse crowd. You can enjoy live performances, sample local wines, and indulge in gourmet food all in one place. A sample itinerary might look like this. Arrive on the first day for the Taste of Napa event. Spend the second day touring vineyards. Attend a harvest celebration on the third day. Enjoy a special dinner on the fourth day. and finish with more harvest events or winery visits in the late fall. This plan balances big festival moments with smaller personal experiences at wineries, giving you a full picture of Napa's vibrant wine scene. It also allows time to enjoy the region's beautiful scenery and delicious cuisine, making your trip memorable and fun.

- What Are The Best Transportation Options For Napa Valley Wine Festival? - We Go To Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What are the best transportation options for Napa Valley Wine Festival? Imagine arriving at the festival relaxed and ready to enjoy the day without stressing over parking or traffic. That's where smart transportation choices come into play. During the Napa Valley Wine Festival, many attendees prefer options that combine comfort and convenience. Private car services and chauffeur driven limousines are popular because they offer a smooth ride straight to your destination. You can choose luxury sedans like Cadillac XDS or BMW 7 series or go for eco-friendly Tesla Model Y or Mercedes S580 for a stylish arrival. These services are perfect for individuals or couples wanting a hassle-free experience for groups. Larger vehicles like Lincoln Navigators, Chevrolet Suburbans, or Cadillac Escalades provide plenty of space and comfort. Booking a private car or limousine means you won't have to worry about parking or navigating busy roads. If you're traveling with friends or colleagues, group shuttles or party buses are a great way to stay together. These can be reserved in advance and are designed to comfortably transport larger parties. They also run on schedules aligned with festival hours, making your day easier. For visitors flying into the area, airport transfer services are a smart choice. Many companies offer combined airport pickup and winter packages, especially for those arriving at San Francisco or Oakland airports. These services include door-to-door pickup, so you can start your Napa experience right away. Driving yourself is another option, especially if you're coming from nearby cities like San Francisco. The drive takes about an hour on weekdays, but during festival weekends, traffic can get heavy and parking might be limited. Rental cars give you flexibility, but it's wise to arrive early to secure a spot. Public transportation options like the San Francisco Bay Ferry offer a scenic route to Vallejo. From there, connecting bus services take you into Napa. This can be a relaxing way to enjoy the journey without the stress of driving. Since parking is limited and traffic can be heavy during the festival, it's best to pre-arrange your transportation. Booking private services or shuttles in advance ensures a smooth arrival and departure. Luxury transportation options not only make your trip more comfortable, but also let you focus on tasting wines and enjoying the festivities. Group transportation helps coordinate your day, making it easier to plan your schedule. Combining transportation with wine tours or other Napa experiences can make your visit even more memorable. Overall, choosing private car services, chauffeurdriven limousines, or group shuttles offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and style for the Napa Valley Wine Festival.

- Planning Your Wine Tour of Europe: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody this is greg the wine traveler have you ever dreamt of a wine tour of italy france or spain those tours can be expensive if you're serious about making your own itinerary of your wine travel in europe some planning is going to be necessary it'll be more enjoyable and fun if you follow my eight suggestions suggestion number one limit your group size to four it makes it more convenient and flexible when you're touring europe if you have a small number of people with only four people it's more intimate and more manageable number two is make appointments most european wineries have a requirement so please make appointments it's expected but also keep in mind in some high demand areas like burgundy or bordeaux sometimes the appointment is two weeks or two months out number three is winery tours do you want a winery tour or not if you want a winery tour plan an extra hour to two hours it varies some winery tours are really great other ones are pretty short but if you don't want a winery tour it's a lot easier to make an appointment for a tasting number four is timing it always takes time to get from one place to the next and google maps has a nice tool that you can use to estimate your travel time but please be aware when it's in the afternoon here it's in the middle of the night in europe so the travel times will be less because not during rush hour so add extra time to your travel plans or use google maps at a more appropriate time number five is meals you gotta plan for meals they tend to take longer than you think and if you're on the auto strata the other strata is like the interstate system italy and spain there's the otto grill those places are great for a quick meal and it's good too if you want a more formal meal that'll take more time and more planning and i tend to save those type of meals for the evening when i'm not having to rush off number six is you're late first suggestion is to always add extra 10 or 15 minutes into your travel plans but sometimes the best plans don't go right so if you are late despite all your plans it's really polite to call the place you're going to and let them know that you're late number seven is purchase wine i suggest that you buy at least one to two bottles per adult it is polite it shows your appreciation and it's the custom number eight is driving in europe it's not a problem but you should know what you're getting into i made a video on it and it gives you a lot of information and hopefully it'll make your plans go smoother folks this list doesn't tell you everything you need to know so you have questions please put them in the comments i really appreciate that i always appreciate comments and suggestions if you're still uncomfortable about making your own travel itinerary for your wine adventure in europe then please go ahead reach out to me i can help you perhaps one day of your itinerary doesn't work out as planned that's okay you might have a different adventure than you planned and it might be better in any case i wish you good luck and please remember this life is beautiful ciao [Music] you

- Bordeaux - 10 Shocks of Visiting Bordeaux, France: Kind: captions Language: en hey there fellow travelers mark here with walters world today we're here in bordeaux france one of the prettiest cities that you can visit when you do come to france and today we have for you are ten things that shock tourists when they come here to bordeaux and the first thing that shocks you is just how much wine you will have and you will see and you will visit when you are here in bordeaux i know bordeaux is synonymous with french wine for good reason because it's phenomenal here but you will see it than a borderless sauce you will see it all over the place you will try a lot of it when you are here with the vineyards and the situ von there's all kinds of great wine stuff here but it's really shocking just how much wine and how influential wine is in the city and in the entire region i mean it's amazing how many wine things you can do when you are here and the thing is i kind of feel that bordeaux is synonymous so synonymous with french wine that people sometimes forget that there's this gorgeous city you can come and enjoy and visit and so it's actually nice because there's not a lot of tourists that are here because i think most people just think it's wine and it's so much more that than that when you're here and that leads into the second thing that shocks tourists when they come here to bordeaux and that is the unesco world heritage site center i mean you have tons of pedestrian shop and you've got tons of pedestrian streets you've got gates you can check out some with a big clock in it the towers all this kind of stuff you can climb up to little museums on the side of them little churches on the side of them the old town with the architecture that's their house been renovated the historic preservation the city is incredible you're going to walk around and walk around and walk around that your feet are going to hurt so much from seeing all these great sights going to the cathedral and climbing up the 300 plus steps to the top of the bell tower that south side outside going and seeing those gates just enjoying the city overall it's just amazing and i can understand why unesco made this a world heritage site because when you're here i mean with the architecture with the museums that are here oh my gosh i forgot about the museums you can go see when you're here if you want to go learn about the history of aquitaine the region here there's a there's the regional museum for aquitaine here there's the museum of boats if you go more traditional art there's a great contemporary art museum there's a ton of museums around here there's the city of wine if you want to go learn how they make wine i mean there's just so much to do here in the unesco world heritage site but throughout the city that it really is a place that you don't just come for a weekend you actually need a lot of time to visit now the third thing that shocks people when they come here to bordeaux is the food scene i mean i know french food is just synonymous with fantastic food but honestly bordeaux could have some of the best food in france i mean the meats here i mean you'll see lines for the intro code places you will see so many people just drooling looking at the food and the pastries and the meats that are here the fish that are here but for me oh my goodness the oysters are the top here i mean you've got to have oysters when you come here because bordeaux is famous for their oysters also you can have your borderless sauce if you want a wine sauce that goes on anything i mean if it says with a borderless like the sauce with it just get that you'll be fine and we've had great pork we've had great lamb we've had green beef we've had great fish the scene here the food scene here is fantastic you will eat very very well when you are here like shockingly well that you don't mind if you pay a little bit more for the food because it's so good here and when you're walking around don't forget to pick up it looks like a little tiny bundt cake it's like canale and it's basically rum vanilla eggs and sugar and it's just really really good to walk around have some very very very tasty really enjoyed that yesterday uh so definitely have one of those when you are walking around now the fourth thing that shocks people when they come here is how friendly the people in bordeaux are i mean i you you know if you've watched our videos you know i'm very much a francophile i feel that france gets a really bad rap about bad service and rude people man it's not the case in france but especially here in bordeaux i mean it's because we're farther south but people warm up even more but the people have been super friendly from the assistants in the stores to the waiters and waitresses we've had to the bartenders and barkeeps and everyone we've met around has just been fantastic here in bordeaux and if you try a little french it opens them up even more and the thing that's great here is you can you could be like me and use your really bad french to kind of order your food and all this kind of stuff and they'll go through it and they'll play along with you like okay then they'll switch to english be like so let's just make sure we got your order right and go through it i mean it's just wonderful how great the people are here our taxes we've taken here everywhere we've gone oh do you know about this do you know about that they gave us the history of the city whenever we drove around it's just a really fantastic place with really fantastic people now the fifth thing that's gonna shock you when you come here is when you look for a wine tour and how many vineyards you can go visit i mean there are hundreds of vineyards you can go to and wines you can try and it's just an amazing experience and you can go on a full day tour you can go on a half day tour you could spend weeks visiting the vineyards and the wineries around bordeaux and the region and you'll have different wines and different flavors different oh everything the bouquets oh my god it's just such a fantastic experience that you'd be shocked how much you really fall in love with wine and the wine culture when you're here but just when you get kind of overwhelmed by how many wine options there are and vineyards you can go see it just blows your mind and another thing that kind of goes along with the shock of all those vineyards is all the chateau that are around this area because think about it if it has a vineyard it probably has a little chateau there as well and you can go visit those chateaus too now i do have a little recommendation for you when you're looking at the wineries make sure you call ahead to make sure they have you know wine tasting times because the vineyards here aren't just show up whenever you want a lot of them might be open maybe just once a week or they only do special like reservation or reserve groups and stuff like that so do have a heads up for it the chateau those you can be a little bit more touristy without the wine so you can probably have a better luck at just checking those down but do do your research before you go now when you're out about maybe you're doing the vineyards or maybe you you rented a car and you just want to drive around the area because it is gorgeous here there's a lot of really great spots to visit i think one thing that was going to shock you is when you go to a unesco world heritage site city like saint this oh i would say village where it has the cobblestone streets you've got the church there or all the little villages around you can go visit or maybe you want to hit the beach yeah you can go to akoshon which is a beach town which is like an hour from bordeaux i really recommend you drive to there because it's a lot simpler than taking the public transportation but you don't have to and when you're there you can see the largest dune in europe or well it depends who you ask because sometimes the lithuanians might say something about that but it is gorgeous and the locals will recommend hey it's a nice day head out to the beach no bordeaux's don't be shy buddha's not a beach town okay it's a river town you're gonna love the river going on the canal cruises and all the river cruises you can do when you're heck there's a big you know cruise ship behind me where i'm filming there's a lot of options to enjoy the water when you're here but get out and explore that area and explore the whole region not just for the wine but for the history that's here as well and the beaches too now the anything that might shock you when you come here is just how long the saint catherine pedestrian shopping street is i mean we went up there with the boys we went from the top by the tourist office we look down and you look down and you're like whoa that that can't be the whole street am i having like an optical illusion oh no no no no it is the longest pedestrian shopping street in europe and i mean it's got something for everybody whether you're an old guy like me if you got your kids with you you've got the grandparents with you you want to go get some drinks you want to get some you know some food if you want to get some you know sports stuff they've got all kinds of stuff on the pedestrian street and you can walk off the side to get some nicer restaurants and ride on the pedestrian street but it's just like shocking like how far it goes and when you're on it don't forget to look to the right and look to the left because sometimes you might see a city gate you might see some cool architecture maybe wander off a little bit because the shops just aren't on the pedestrian street they're also on the side street as well and that's one thing we really enjoyed is just wandering around finding a cafe here finding a lunch there it was really really fun now the ninth thing that shocks people when they come here is the water mirror when you go to places it's actually down that way not where that spire is it's actually closer than that you go down there and they have a reflecting pool that you can see and it's basically if you see any pictures or thumbnails about stuff for bordeaux that will be on there because it'll have the reflection of the buildings on it and what it is it's a reflecting pool part of the time and then it's you know cleared off part of the time and then it's like a missed forest part of the time i know yesterday we came up with the boys and the boys like oh my god what's going on there i'm like oh go on guys that's that that's the the mere water mirror and they go up and they're running through the mist i mean it's like an instagramers dream with the mist there and taking pictures and stuff like that and so you have that and then the mist stops and as the mist clears the water bubbles up from underneath and it forms a really thin layer of water now in the summertime you'll see people playing in there and actually in the fall time you'll see people playing in there as well but you'll go and it's just so gorgeous but when it makes that thin part of water it really does make a mirror that when you stand on the back side of it it really does reflect the buildings right onto the water which is gorgeous and you want to be you'll be shocked how beautiful it is it's sunset when you have the sunset kind of behind the the buildings and then the behind the plaster bulls you have that reflecting down it is just gorgeous when you're here i mean you've got gotta go do that when you are here and the tenth thing that shocks people about coming to bordeaux is how fast it is to get here from paris if you take the tgv it's just over two hours for the montparnasse station two here at bordeaux jean and the thing is though it's really really close you don't see very many tourists when you're here you can have this gorgeous gorgeous french city and enjoy the people the museums the architecture the world heritage all kinds of stuff when you're here with a fraction of the taurus you'll get a bigger more famous cities like paris or lyon and stuff like that and i think a lot of it has to do with the people living it's kind of like in the very southwest corner of france and so people think oh that's kind of far to go there's maybe i don't know where to go from here look you can spend a lot of time here and what's great is you can spend a lot of time here get to know the locals and not be overrun with tourists it's a fantastic place so i do hope you come also don't be shocked if the tickets are sold out friday nights and sunday nights when you're trying to come and go back from paris so make sure you book your tickets earlier okay there's that um but if you want to know some more stuff about bordeaux some more like touristy kind of things like for tourist helpfulness also watch our video on the don'ts of bordeaux that'll give you some ideas we also have don'ts and mistakes of visiting france all kinds of stuff to help you out to get the most out of business fantastic city anyway i wish you a great time and i'm not gonna be shocked when you fall in love with bordeaux like we have because i'm out here at the crack of dawn so i get lots of videos done to enjoy and show off this fantastic city anyway i wish you a great time and bye from bordeaux

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chodard [5 likes]: Haussmann was the governor of the Bordeaux province, the town with its typical open architecture, large avenues and building styling was his inspiration for the Parisian style he created when Napoleon III called him to remodel Paris... the famous Haussman style.. without Bordeaux there would be no Paris as you know it today.
  2. @barryjeanfontenot4502 [3 likes]: I used to have a bad impression of France in terms of pickpocketing, having lost a camera to an attractive couple making out on a train (classic) but, in Bordeaux, I left my phone in the park, and a cool youngster for whom I had just played a song biked half a mile up the riverwalk at night to return it to me. France has all sorts, and Bordeaux is a particularly friendly place.
  3. @VolokursHH [3 likes]: Thank you for this video. Your enthusiasm is as beautiful as this city.
  4. @lbyrne74 [1 likes]: My family and I are going for a 6 day trip to Bordeaux in a month and I have shared this video and the "don'ts" video to the family group. The videos have made me even more excited for the trip. Thank you 😊
  5. @annablankinship7296 [1 likes]: I cannot wait!!
  6. @simonemetcalf1966 [1 likes]: We were pleasantly surprised by Bordeaux. Easy to get around by tram or walking. Great food scene. Nice location by the river. We took a train to Arcachon and then a bus to the dune - very easy day trip, you don't need to drive. And re the water mirror at the Place de la Bourse - I think the light is better in the morning when the sun is shining on the buildings.
  7. @fredericdb4079 [1 likes]: Hehe at 2:48 I instantly recognized that table : L'Entrecôte.   I didn't try that one, but the one in Nantes.  Yummy meal.
  8. @1hoseeman: Hi: Get rid of the man bun and get yourself a fade.
  9. @steventheartist7667: What are the most popular French food? I really want to indulge
  10. @steventheartist7667: Im just here for wine and food,  is my desire,  my fantasy when I visit Bordeaux,  I want to stay 3 months just for the wine and food , hows the water? What do the locals drink? Can they afford all that wine and champagne 🍾? Is it expensive,  🤨 I definitely want to learn how to make wine 🍷? Question who has the best wine ,Italy or France? Ive got so many questions
  11. @Louis.R: 10 shocks:
1. Muslims
2. Muslims
3. Muslims
etc
  12. @mrnegi_9999: Hello, I would like to ask this through your channel that I have a best friend who lives in Bordeaux France. Whereas she has disappeared from all social media now I only have her number but I can't connect from my country. Could you please tell me how can I get her address. Who can help me in this ?
  13. @davebannister4222: And the oysters are restrict3d from arcachon in2024   go for the brittany ones
  14. @zuly5400: Hi. How was the weather there  We are from the Caribbean 😉 (in the video I saw people wearing jackets etc. We are planning visit Bordeaux at the end of September 

Thanks
  15. @heatherbenton488: Any tour guides to recommend while we are staying there ? Also, should we fly in there or Paris and take a train?
  16. @annablankinship7296: Thank you for all of your  informative videos about France! I prepped by watching and now that I’ve returned, I wanted to give a BIG shout out to Bordeaux! It was my favorite city-even more so than Paris!  And everyone was friendly and helpful.  I will add however that there were a lot of tourists (like me) in town. The secret is out! 😂
  17. @mpch6298: In August 2020, middle of covid, no wonder there were few tourists. I go there tomorrow, will verify.
  18. @richardsingh5827: I liked it there in 1985
  19. @Nadia-ht2ue: I’m moving here soon!!
  20. @I_Wish_I_Was_Home: but this place is not home
Jesus is coming soon
be ready and  get saved now
so you can be brought home
(for now it is Heaven)
see my shorts

- How Long Do Open Bottles of Wine Last? (+ Tricks So They'll Keep Longer): Kind: captions Language: en in this nerd lab we're going to look at why wine goes bad once you open it how long open bottles last and how you can make them last longer here we go [Music] welcome to the Vias for Vino nerd lab we take complicated wine topics and make them simple today we're talking about Wine open bottles of wine bottles wine so what happens when you open wine why does it go bad at all oxygen once wine is exposed to large amounts of oxygen two things happen the acetic acid in the wine feeds off the oxygen and gives the wine a vinegary flavor and the alcohol oxidizes and gives a Nutty kind of bruised fruit character spoiled wine isn't going to kill you it just doesn't taste as good as it should so how long do you have to consume wine once you open it well it's kind of on a case-by-case basis first off different wines have different levels of natural preservatives like alcohol tannin sugar and sulfites which help keep wines fresh longer second the less wine that's in the bottle the more oxygen is in there which speeds up deterioration that being said if you made me land on a time limit I'd say two to five days depending on the line sparkling wines have the shortest shelf life because of the bubbles followed by Reds and full-bodied whites and roses and light whites live the longest the exceptions are fortified lines like Sherry and Port which lasts about a month due to their high alcohol and oxidized wines like Madeira and marsala which last for years because they've already been intentionally exposed to oxygen during the wine making process how can we make sure we get the maximum amount of time possible first close your bottles with either a cork or a stopper to prevent more oxygen from getting in second storm in the fridge to slow down oxidation because heat encourages chemical reactions are there any wine Savers out there that are worth looking into short answer not my opinion there's a whole slew of them out there the most popular being the vacuum based ones but most of these options Garner mixed results and are too often impractical expensive or ineffective there is one exception called the core of it but I don't use this to preserve open wines I use it to never open the lines at all a needle goes through the cork funnels out the wine and replaces the oxygen with Argon gas they claim that the wine will keep for years but for me this has a very specific purpose I use it mostly when I want to taste bottles without opening them for videos or reviews in my opinion it doesn't make as much sense for pouring multiple glasses as the Argon gas capsules are a bit expensive and the poor is a bit slow at the end of the day your best bet is to consume your bottle within a day or two after opening after all life short right I hope you enjoyed this nerd lab on open bottles of wine as always keep geeking out if you're looking for more wine content head to our Channel we've got all our full travel episodes available for free plus a bunch of shorter YouTube videos cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @typerightseesight [3 likes]: I play it safe. and just drink the entire bottle in one sitting. hahaha.
  2. @GeorgeinAZ [2 likes]: Another obvious but often overlooked way to preserve wine: decant into multiple bottles, each with minimum headspace. Yes, you do expose the wine to oxygen while decanting, but if you want to enjoy a half bottle over dinner with a friend, decant the other half as soon as the 750 ml bottle is opened into a 375 ml bottle and seal it up.
  3. @JohnWoodman1670 [1 likes]: Use repour. Very inexpensive with exceptional results. It’s brilliant.
  4. @MrMarkhall1 [1 likes]: Why is the culture around beer and wine so different?
  5. @PNWJEEPER01 [1 likes]: I work in an estate affiliated tasting room where we use "wine preserver", which is an aerosol can that contains argon and 2 other inert gases which I can't immediately recall. At the end of the serving day we put the straw of the can in the bottle with the stopper set loosely on top of the bottle; three 1 second bursts and then seal the stopper. 
Combined with refrigeration, we reliably get up to 2 weeks out of our big reds.
That being said, we always taste through prior to beginning the serving day to make sure we know exactly the conditions of the wines we're serving.
  6. @markt4605 [1 likes]: Never an issue in this house.  Our bottles rarely see day 2.  😊
  7. @fredericperrin3279 [1 likes]: As you said, it depends on a lot of factors, especially the wine itself. I typically keep a bottle for at least 3 days, and few of them really get less good during that time frame. In fact, many Italian reds with high tannins and high acidity (Barolo for example), are significantly better the second day, and usually still better the third day than the first. Wines that remain good for a long time are oxydized whites (such as Arbois), and especially, sweet wines. I had Sauternes open for a whole week and getting better every day. One thing that helps is to open whatever you intend to drink (for me, typically 1/3 of a bottle), decant, and immediately re-seal the bottle (I actually find that the vacuum pump with rubber corks work well) and put it back in the wine cooler.
  8. @fedegiove [1 likes]: a good air pump, a good grape wine, and you can feel the evolution in a couple of days, sometime even three...
  9. @AnaRaquelCaldas [1 likes]: Always useful advices. When we serve only glasses of several wines, it means that we have several opened botles. Vacum vin and a fridge are indispensable tools. Clients devserve to enjoy the wines in the best conditions. Thank you once more for your contents. I´ll share them.
  10. @kushansumanaweera7086: I guess i should threw away my wine bottle cuz I open the bottle like last month and I haven't drink. bottle is closed but I did not put it on fridge
  11. @sanjaypatelmd4669: How long open bottle of Riesling is good after you put in fridge!
  12. @numanuma20: When I found out that Port doesn’t last long, I was sad. I have a 2008 LBV still in my wine fridge that I will never finish because of the high sugar and alcohol.
  13. @GistGappie: I would think that when storing the wine in the fridge, having it stand upright exposes it to less oxygen compared to when the bottle lays horizontally. 
Does anyone have experience with this?
  14. @jeffreyaguilar3271: Exposed wines tastes like soy sauce. Yuck!

- A Journey Through Bordeaux: The Art of Wine Tasting: Kind: captions Language: en as the early morning sun casts a golden hue over the rolling Vineyards of Bordeaux I find myself enveloped in a world where history and viticulture intertwine Bordeaux a city renowned for its Exquisite wines is not just a destination for enophiles but a tapestry of stories waiting to be discovered the cobbled streets of the Old Town The Majestic Chateau and the Whispering Winds tell Tales of centuries old traditions and passionate wine makers this is where my Journey Begins a quest to uncover the secrets of wine tasting in Bordeaux leaving the bustling City Center I Venture Into the Heart of bordeaux's wine country the drive- through the medic region is nothing short of mesmerizing with rows of grape Vines stretching as far as the eye can see each Chateau I pass by seems to have its own unique character promising a distinctive tasting experience my first stop is Chateau Margo an iconic estate known for its prestigious wines as I step into the vineyard the scent of ripening grapes mingles with the crisp autumn air the guide a seasoned VI culturist shares insights into the meticulous process of wine production from the careful selection of grapes to the Aging of wine and Oak barrels I am captivated by the dedication and Artistry involved in crafting each bottle the journey continues with visits to other renowned Estates such as chatau latur and chatau Pichon Longville each visit brings new Revelations and challenges tasting notes swirl in my mind as I try to discern the subtle differences between the earthy tones of a Cabernet sovon and the fruity notes of a mer low the complexity of Bordeaux wines becomes increasingly apparent and with each sip I feel more connected to the land and its history the highlight of my wine tasting adventure comes at Chateau oon one of the oldest and most prestigious Estates in Bordeaux here I'm invited to a private tasting session in the chateau's ancient Cellar the dimly lit room lined with rows of Dusty bottles exudes an air of mystery and reverence as the somia pours a glass of the chateau's flagship wine I am struck by its deep rub color the first sip is a revelation a symphony of flavors that dance on my pallet notes of blackberry Plum and a hint of tobacco meld together in Perfect Harmony it is in this moment that I truly grasp the magic of Bordeaux wines the passion and craftsmanship of generations of wine makers are encapsulated in this single glass creating an experience that transcends time after the tasting I wander Through The Vineyards surrounding Chateau opron reflecting on the journey the challenges of Discerning the myriad flavors and the history woven into each bottle have deepened my appreciation for Bordeaux wines the knowledge and stories shared by the wine makers have enriched my understanding of the Region's viticultural Heritage as the sun sets casting a warm glow Over The Vineyards I feel a sense of fulfillment the complexities of Bordeaux wines no longer seem daunting but rather an invitation to explore further returning to the city I am eager to share my experiences with fellow Travelers and wine enthusiasts Bordeaux is more than just a wine destination it is a place where history culture and passion converge the stories of the wine makers the challenges of the tasting journey and the unforgettable flavors have left an indelible mark on my heart for those who dream of Adventure and wish to delve into the world of wine tasting in Bordeaux I encourage you to embark on this journey let the essence of Bordeaux envelop you and discover the magic that lies within its Vineyards each Chateau holds its own Secrets waiting to be uncovered by the Intrepid soul in the end wine tasting in Bordeaux is not just about the wine it is about the stories the people in the land that make each sip a journey of Discovery so pack your bags open your heart and let the adventure begin

- Get to Know Napa Valley Wine | Wine Folly: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up it's madeline puckett and i want to give you a little overview about napa valley this is for wine geeks it's like mecca in the united states i don't know why but we all end up there this place is crazy not only does it have some of the best hospitality of any wine region anywhere it also has some of the most complex wine growing meaning stuff that makes it a really interesting place to explore wine so let's get into it i want to give you a little overview about napa valley in general and the wines to pay attention to napa valley is located in the bay area it's only about an hour and a half from san francisco and this location is like perfect for wine group wine grape growing there's only about two percent of the world which is a perfect mediterranean climate and that's exactly what this entire sort of bay area zone has and napa valley just happens to be in the most optimal spot for growing red wine when you come to napa valley expect to get purple teeth you want to know what i'm thinking we should try a couple if there's one wine you must know from napa valley it's cabernet sauvignon this is a grape that takes up more than 50 percent of the vineyards in napa valley and became renowned from this region starting in 1976 when there was a blind tasting and napa went head-to-head against bordeaux in paris and won so let's give it a try all right this wine is so dark it's so deep and dark and black in color it is a deep ruby color lots of tears forming in general in the glass indicating a higher alcohol level wine napa cat renee has this huge amount of fruit but it can also have these really intense almost dusty qualities so i'm getting black cherry blackberry dusty road and in this particular wine a little bit of mint and oregano all right let's give it a taste these wines are massive on the palette they're huge they go from front to back and they build in the middle but this wine also has really high acidity i think this particular bottle is from mount veter a mountain appellation and i'll talk about the different sub-regions of of napa valley because you really should know about them so this one's from a mountain zone and because of that it has a little higher acidity all right so everybody loves cabernet and the grape that nobody admits that they love is merlot all right let's look at the color ah super deep color can't see through it but here's the thing about merlot on the edge of the rim of the glass instead of it being a deep ruby it was still deep ruby it has a little bit of like orange tinge it's like a secret about merlot uh legs on the glass yeah man they're forming lots of them plenty let's give it a sniff dude holy crap all right so this one smells like rich dark plums chocolate black cherry and then i get that dusty quality that undescribable rutherford dust although technically this is from mount veer and then it smells just a little bit of crushed gravel and the most subtle hint of mint let's give it a taste on the palate equally big to our big boy cabernet brother over here or sister whatever you want to call it whoa you've got a lot of fruit up front so uh sort of black cherry but then it goes into this sort of sweet tobacco zone on the mid palette which is supported by this sort of spritey acidity and then on the finish on the back of the palette it's got the alcohol it's got a little bit of that burn but then it has this nice sort of menthol note so napa cabernet and nappa merlot are definitely the heavy hitters when it comes to wines in the napa valley but there are much more different grape varieties growing here somewhere between 25 and 30 different grape varieties grow in the valley but in order to know what to seek out you kind of need to know a little bit more about napa valley because it's very varied very varied so napa valley is 30 miles deep and about 5 miles wide at the widest point and because it sits on top of the bay the san pablo bay which is part of the san francisco bay area it receives all these cooling breezes on the lower more southern part of the and what the napanese decided was that the grape varieties that were growing these different areas the areas were different enough that they needed to subdivide up the valley and what you'll find is there are actually 16 different grape growing zones within napa valley there are those close to the san pablo bay there are those skirting along the valley along the napa river and then there are those vineyards that go up the sides of the hills and the mayakamis and vodka ranges and what we've noticed analyzing this region as much as we've had is that you kind of get a stylistic difference between those wines from the hillside vineyards and those wines from the valley vineyards and then those wines from the bay and in fact you could even find different grape varieties growing better in different areas for example in the bayside region of los carneros which is also partially in sonoma you will find fantastic chardonnay pinot noir and sparkling wine then further up the valley we're finding these sweet spots for different grape varieties such as closer to the river they've been planting some sauna blanc and semyon and they make these dope white wine blends even with some oak aging so that my friends is napa valley it's a myriad of different soil types a plethora of climates and and so many different grape varieties if you want to know more we just created an incredible guide that explores all of these topics within the napa valley and connects you directly to the wineries that are there so you can see all the wines that are growing there you can find out about the wineries producing wines and you can explore all this deep knowledge so that you too can have a thing or two to say about napa all right i hope you enjoyed that little overview of napa valley and are excited to taste more definitely check out the guide or subscribe to us to find out more about wine until next time peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @NapaVintners [13 likes]: Thanks for sharing this and supporting the Napa Valley! Cheers!
  2. @debbieelkington1643 [5 likes]: Best response to tasting wine…”Dude!” U crack me up 😂🍷
  3. @viniciusmagnoni6492 [1 likes]: Extremely Overpriced, you can get better wines for the price from Argentina, South Africa and even France.
  4. @channelname575 [1 likes]: When I go to Napa, and taste my first wine , I'm going to pause, smile and say "Holy Crap!" Thanks for helping me to feel like an expert..........
  5. @torbjrnlund903 [1 likes]: "Dusty road"? 😧 That sounds delicious. 😝
  6. @redstepable [1 likes]: Great Video, Silver Oak my Fav
  7. @IsaiahDanielMyers: Your cute
  8. @jaredd4674: Great video! Cheers 🥂
  9. @volkerhanke2222: Zu viel Alkohol..das ist das Problem
  10. @MusteataGrigore-vm3gk: eu lsl tlnarl naml avutl șii na sl aml cuvitilii planitilii tatii a Lora sl nu aibl cuvitilii planitilii tatii s c p planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita 1984 2002 2003 18 19 1 2 anii nia planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita luctatl amu isltorii s c p localizării itirltnitl auzitivl bolii blocarii tizlbolacarii cotrolurii itrogarii planitilii tatii s c p slmltiturii slmlturee p slmltltl eu p s c p lucratl amu isltorii s c p
  11. @MusteataGrigore-vm3gk: eu lsl tlnarl naml avutl șii na sl aml șii scrisl locurilii tatii folii pusl lclitl eu anitl eu ligatl eu plasltu tusl ll vitl ll folii mirlsl ll folii mirlsl ll folii tislclitl rupltl tizlninatl crusilii a Lora sl nu aibl șii scrisl locurilii tatii folii pusl lclitl eu anitl eu ligatl eu plasltu tusl ll vitl ll folii mirlsl ll folii tislclitl rupltl tizlninatl crusilii planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita 1984 2002 2003 18 19 1 2 anii nia planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita luctatl amu isltorii s c p localizării itirltnitl auzitivl bolii blocarii tizlbolacarii cotrolurii itrogarii planitilii tatii s c p slmltiturii slmlturee p slmltltl eu p s c p lucratl amu isltorii s c p
  12. @MusteataGrigore-vm3gk: eu lsl tlnarl naml avutl șii na sl aml șii scrisl locurilii tatii folii pusl lclitl eu anitl eu ligatl eu plasltu tusl ll vitl ll folii mirlsl ll folii mirlsl ll folii tislclitl rupltl tizlninatl crusilii ia sl nu aibl șii scrisl locurilii tatii folii pusl lclitl eu anitl eu ligatl eu plasltu tusl ll vitl ll folii mirlsl ll folii tislclitl rupltl tizlninatl crusilii planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita 1984 2002 2003 18 19 1 2 anii nia planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita luctatl amu isltorii s c p localizării itirltnitl auzitivl bolii blocarii tizlbolacarii cotrolurii itrogarii planitilii tatii s c p slmltiturii slmlturee p slmltltl eu p s c p lucratl amu isltorii s c p
  13. @MusteataGrigore-vm3gk: scrisl locurilii tatii folii pusl lclitl eu anitl eu ligatl eu plasltu tusl ll vitl ll folii mirlsl ll folii mirlsl ll folii tislclitl rupltl tizlninatl crusilii planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita 1984 2002 2003 18 19 1 2 anii nia planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita luctatl  amu isltorii s c p localizării itirltnitl auzitivl bolii blocarii tizlbolacarii cotrolurii itrogarii planitilii tatii s c p slmltiturii slmlturee p slmltltl eu p s c p lucratl amu isltorii s c p saturilii milii s c p planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita 1984 2002 2003 18 19 1 2 anii nia planita isltorii spunicii esitilitii sos isltorii planita luctatl amu isltorii s c p localizării itirltnitl auzitivl bolii blocarii tizlbolacarii cotrolurii itrogarii planitilii tatii s c p slmltiturii slmlturee p slmltltl eu p s c p lucratl amu isltorii s c p
  14. @HawkeyeJmf: Nice outfit, Madeline.
  15. @marcofc44: So cute😍
  16. @NormanSilver: I live there. Partrick RD
  17. @jonathanwilliams1974: You're at home on YouTube...why you spitting? 🤣
  18. @reinhardkarner1889: 🥰😘
  19. @TonyS-cm9xk: Very Nice!
  20. @1cynik: I grew up on MT. Veeder. Lol

- NAPA WINE TOUR HOPPIN' - Life After College Vlog: Ep. 219: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everybody still in the wine country we're just walking around this tiny tiny town of Hillsburg look at this the worst this is the worst place GS from Peru walking around look check it out there's like redwood trees here such a small sleepy town everything doesn't open until 11:30 pho Outfitters look at these colors here this is for Aaron he has this one this looks like even a hard toy for me it's a shed what's going on it's green rice bamboo rice they have gardening supplies here and you can eat this place kind of confuses me there's like cooking supplies look at these whisks what it's like you can blow bubbles ooh it's the Nimbus 2000 my dad and I are like who would ever bu anything there's nothing to buy it's just like empty space my mom's like I want to buy something here I'm going to be here for a while I'm like this just not even a while to be here for there's like nothing here to buy it's just like such random things there like nothing to buy here mindblowing look a paper Potter it'll help you you can make your own paper by folding it into this pot and then there's string of course twine this is what we're eating today such healthy food okay I'll admit it that food was incredibly good I'd give it an a I'm still bored though my mom's still shopping here driving to chalk haill Winery now I just get to watch everybody drink wine look at the scenery have you been to the winery before no we Haven check it out this what a what a view look familiar use these to ferment the wine in taking like a Jurassic Park tour without the dinosaurs these all connected it looks like they're all hor you know we're across the street uh there's actually some Buffalo it used to be semi on now it's grafted this is [Music] beautiful so apparently they put roses at the end got f as you can see here there's like roses at the end I'm saying it's because roses are very picky with the with soil so they're able to indicate whether um the vine will grow well it's pretty cool and also they indicate bugs cuz bugs like to eat roses before they like to eat the vines I wait for my parents to do their wine tasting I've just been playing some more Temple run I got a new high score 4,124 778 we're leaving the vineyard going to another one Vineyard hopping hey doggy hi hello it's so hot outside we're at the next line Bridge Valley Winery check it out look at the view here that's so beautiful dinery here is so awesome can't stop saying it but it is amazing look at this my gosh might as well clean my car off while I'm waiting so much pollen in the air getting all over my newly washed car by the way I have a Hyundai lantro 2012 if you guys are wondering pretty awesome I chose it because well it was R ranked one of like the best like cars in customer satisfaction of course the Hyundai 10year warranty nice what a happy ducky oh my gosh you have so much drool coming out of your mouth there happy happy doggy off to the next Winery Family Vineyards oh check it out look at all the wines in here oh I guess it's pronounced cesio lava candle I should ask them does this have real lava in it wine clothes for babies I'm so bored I'm so bored I'm so bored I'm so bored there's the Oyster Bar more seafood at all of this this is a pretty big my lobster roll fried clams and riblets hand roasted shrimp okay I'm back in the room I'm going to head to bed I'm exhausted but since I didn't film too much today I thought I'd share with you some deleted footage from before check it out good night I thought I would share with you another like stupid silly marketing it's mostly product design thing that that they do just so you guys know so you don't get fooled by things but notice how we have these dishwashing detergents this one method they're very clever to have a dishwash soap with one of these pumps on it because why you tend to use a lot more dishwashing soap if you're going to use a pump most people would pump all the way down at least one pump they're able to make you use up your dishwashing soap even faster and I don't know if you remember but they had a commercial for like I don't remember some dishwashing soap that's like handsfree touch design which okay that marketing was incredibly stupid they're like oh yeah because of this one thing that you put there when you pump it there your whole place is going to be dirty because because your hands touch it and if you have this handsfree thing then you're not going to spread germs everywhere you're still going to spread it it's not only this that carries the germs everything carries germs guess what that determines how much dish soap will go onto the sponge and since you can't really control it too much every single time it's going to put the same amount of dish soap and make you go through your soap a lot quicker they do that with everything they're really smart about that we learned about that in school I don't know I'm kind of against those like that that kind of trickery kind of marketing just thought I would give you a heads up this is probably the best way of doing it we made it to the castle of wine the wine Castle the entrance to the castle feeling it's like we're going to hot quarts we're going to to get sorted at Hogwarts look which house are we going to get sorted into

  Top Comments:
  1. @VlogAfterCollege [2 likes]: Yeah, I don't drink :(
  2. @VlogAfterCollege [1 likes]: I give you a thumbs up for your determination ;)
  3. @Steven_H: Today I watched 
Episodes: 216-219
  4. @crxngypxrple8784: Omg I feel sad bad for ya its meh 2020 from the future probably not gonna notice
  5. @ingentingen: Why can't you try even a little wine? Do you have a medical condition?
  6. @VlogAfterCollege: Haha nice!
  7. @anthonychiodo: Do you not drink wine?
  8. @xlasvegan7x: I rented an Elantra once for a few days and that thing floats..now every time I see one..I say to myself "good choice"
  9. @Bewtyninjas: Yea!
  10. @elizabethmariealokoa: omg i feel so betrayed by my dish-soap ( ._.)
  11. @elizabethmariealokoa: youtube kept telling me this video was unavailable so i have been hitting refresh for basically 20 minutes lol
  12. @HeyItsKarinaaa14: Please check out my vlog channel new blogger and only 12 years old
  13. @HeyItsKarinaaa14: First not
  14. @Tazza6190: First

- The Heart of Napa Valley: Oakville Cabernet Explained | WTSO Wine Tips 🍷: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone welcome back to month three of our premium wine club and for those of you who are just joining us it's great to have you here for this month's set we'll be taking a little trip to California specifically Napa and we're going to be drinking Cabernet Sauvignon from the Oakville sub region I think a lot of people are surprised to find that Napa Valley is actually fairly small it's only 30 miles from top to bottom and in that short expanse you get a wide variety of climates from cool and damp in the South all the way up to the north where it's dry and warm and for that reason Napa is divided into 16 sub-regions each with its own unique Terre Hua and wine Styles Oakville is located right in the middle of Napa Valley kind of in that Goldilocks zone where they have the perfect Mediterranean climate and a lot of wine experts seem to agree that this is probably one of the best sites in the world for growing Cabernet Sauvignon grapes in this set we have two wines that come from world-class Vineyards and producers one of them is made by a well-known family-owned Winery that was responsible for making the first 100 point wine in the Napa Valley I found this one to be bold pretty muscular and direct with these delicious cocoa and spicy pepper characteristics and the other one in our set is made by a French expat who spent the last 25 years making organic and biodynamic wines grown in the volcanic soils on oakville's east side and this wine is Blended with a small amount of cap Frank and petite verdel to give it a softer more herbal profile Oakville cabs are also known for having this very unique mint finish to them and I tasted it in both of these wines here extended barrel aging gives them tons of Oak and spice too both of these wines are from the 2015 vintage and in Oakville 2015 was a dry year in fact it was a drought year which made for Cabernet grapes that were very high in sugar and also alcohol content both of these wines are pushing 15 percent ABV so you got some really big juicy cabernets here and speaking of the weather it's cooling off outside right now which means you're going to start to find more Savory Comfort Foods on your table cabs like these are perfect with red meats roasted game roasted poultry pastas and also soups and stews my easy recommendation is to grab yourself a bowl of chili or some Italian style sausage and peppers to pair up with these wines so there's your Top Line tasting of our upcoming Oakville set but if you're really thirsty to learn more be sure to join us live at the virtual tasting in just a couple of weeks we're going to get really deep into these thanks for joining the premium wine club I'll see you real soon cheers

- I drank my car's dollar value in two evenings. Are the old vintage first growths Bordeaux tasty?: Kind: captions Language: en Three weeks ago, we drank $6000 worth of wine in one evening If you missed the video, please check it up on the link here but that was a dress rehearsal! Today, three weeks from that day We drink over $10000 worth of wine in one evening So in only one month We drank almost $20000 worth of wine Crazy, huh? I spent less than $20000 when I bought my used car Meaning, I drank as much wine as my car's dollar value in one month!!! This is the proof that I'm crazy for wine In this video, you will see how we drink my car's entire value We'll do this blind So Peter doesn't even know he is drinking expensive wines I ripped off the capsules completely Otherwise, Peter may take a look at them And get to know what these wines are For wine professionals, capsules, corks, and bottle shapes can be important clues to guess a wine's identity I used Ah-So opener to open the bottles Because these are old vintage wines Old vintage wine's corks are often very weak So you easily break them if you use a normal wine opener Then I decanted the wines one by one There is always some sediment in old vintage wines So I poured it in my glasses These wines are so delicious So even the sediment is delicious I shouldn't pour it away I cleaned all the bottles with clean water Then I dried the bottles This is the only work out I regularly do to keep my shape Then I poured back the wine into the original bottle (Double decanting) I closed the bottles using cheap corks to deceive Peter completely! Even if he sees the corks it'll only make him more confused I smelled every single cork to make sure that there is no cork taint problem at all For Chateau Haut-Brion, I used a Kirkland cork And for Chateau Lafite Rotschild, a Casillero del Diablo's cork So only cheap corks! Now, all is set for a grand blind tasting... ...of the old vintages of the five 1er Grand Cru Bordeaux! (Peter, waiting in boredom) 😑 So today is education content, right? No Oh General public content Peter! Hello, Jay You said we're gonna have a nice barbeque? Absolutely Right There's no such thing as 'not a nice barbeque' Pretty much barbeque, which we South Africans call Braai 'Braaivleis' Translating, 'grilled meat' It's pretty much like a weekend thing It's weekend know Yeah, I know, but the thing about the weekend is When they're great they're amazing And when they're not so great, they're still amazing! And that's Braaivleis Alright But you told me it's gonna be really great! It's going to be really great Really? Eh-hmm Then why do we do this kind of tasting? We've got to work for it Alright... We've got to deserve it, we've got to earn it And we've got to tease our kind subscribers Alright, agreed Okay, let's work a little bit Oh, by the way, this is work! Drinking great wine with a good friend On a beautiful, beautiful Southern California Saturday afternoon Don't you feel sorry for me? I feel sorry for my viewers But you always- our viewers always learn something from our video, I believe I hope so We try I learn something from our videos Yeah, it's a beautiful opportunity to compare these wines No matter how often you do it You always... there's always some little nuance, some little something that you get from that helps you the next time No, it's good for us, too I really enjoy tasting with you Yeah, likewise Okay, then let's work Let's do it Let's have braai a little bit later! So today, we're gonna taste five red wines Those five red wines are from one greater area One same greater area From a single greater area? Yeah And they may be, or may not be from the same subzones Okay, got it And that's it That's it? So you're not telling me anything about country, grape variety...? Okay Alright, let's do it So the first wine... I don't know which one is which one because my wife put the wines in the bag Alright, the first wine For sure, it's red It's red These are nice glasses, huh? I'm glad we standardized on these Yeah, finally See how we have the same glasses now, we're getting really professional Yeah, for our veiwers Standardizing on the glasses because glasses do make a difference Not only is it nice For me, it's imperative to drink out of a nice shaped glass, in a quality glass But also, if all the glasses are identical, you take one element of change out of the process And so even when Jay and I are drinking out of different glasses that in and of itself is not so important Except that, with glasses, all the various aspects of the wine depending on the kind of glass, they get fed to your senses in a different order Now, Jay and I are getting the same senses from the same wines in exactly the same order Only our physical bodies are different I can't help it, he's small and puny It's not my fault You're condition is good, Peter! That is good! And of course, I changed the corks And then my wife told me she changed the corks again... That'll keep you honest Oh, yeah Mmm, smells vinous It does, too 👃 (Smelling the wines) 👃 Very interesting Interesting? Yeah, not easy No? No, not easy They're difficult in the context of... if there are multiple subzones because they are so similar All of the wines So the question is: Did we get the right major zone? That's the question, then the subzones are much more difficult Let me go through the process of trying to decide on the major zone And then, if we get that right, then I can go through other parts of it So I looked at the wines and smelled them before I even tasted them And it seemed to me that there were not any... one or two had slightly deeper red colors But for the most part, there were some earth tones And they were not really deep red wines So I looked at those and I said: "Okay, what kind of wine would give you those color's potential?" I also thought that the wines had a little bit of age on them So I thought: 'Okay, what could we be possibly looking at here?' The first thing that jumped out at me was A bunch of Sangiovese based wines from Tuscany Some Bordeaux Something from Piemonte And Rioja Those were the things that jumped out at me Now, the question was: How do we tell between them? Okay, so not Piemonte, for sure Why not? These wines all had tannins But they didn't have Piemontesi tannins So not Piemonte So then, I was looking and I was saying: "Okay, Rioja?" I didn't pick up the dusty New World oak And the sort of higher lifted fruitiness of Rioja And the tannins are there And they're quite savory, the wines So not Rioja So it leaves me with Bordeaux and Tuscany Except, in the fact, that in Tuscany In any of the appellations of Tuscany (with the exception of Montalcino) You can have a certain amount of Bordeaux varieties They don't even have to put it on the label You can have some Merlot You can have some Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah if you want And so I'm trying to fiddle through these... Can it be Bordeaux? The wines were, in many ways, very similar For the Sangiovese based wines I'm looking at the colors Aand usually, for me, the colors are less red than this Less red than this? There's more earth colors but the wines seem to have some age And I think that's throwing me off a little bit You are right, Peter. They are all aged wines Yeah, and that's throwing me off a little Because I was looking for overt yeasty, bready characteristics from the reds if they were Bordeaux And looking for the current vintage that's on sale, that's 2018, or 2016, 2015 And there would be bready characters there, which I didn't get But then again, looking at them from the perspective of Sangiovese I would expect the colors to be more muted, more earth colors And I'm embarrassed to say that, it's not, to me, that obvious on the nose and on the palate because the wines are quite savory Which could be Bordeaux or Sangiovese, so the question then is... Yeah, I also think they're quite savory Almost all of them So the question then is: How do I come down on choosing it? I think one of the main things is the color of the wine There are more than a few wines, three of four of the 5 wines have got deeper ruby colors Which is what worried me for a diagnosis of Sangiovese It's really for me not easy, I would have thought How could one struggle... ...between Chianti, Sangiovese, and Bordeaux? Because I planned to make you struggle, Peter! Yeah, okay. Well, you succeeded So in the end... to be quite honest, without a great deal of confidence I'm going to come down on the side of Bordeaux Great~ 👍 For two reasons: One, because the colors are slightly more ruby And then because there is a certain amount of, in the legs A certain amount of extract That is true And I'm used to Sangiovese having zero extract but none of these had very deep extract So I thought: 'Okay, it could be Sangiovese with just a little bit of extract...?' You know, the color in the tears Anyway, that was an unfriendly thing to do but there we are Alright, yeah, there all from Bordeaux Okay, alright. Now we have to pick subzones Yeah, we have to pick subzones Alright, so let me go back and pick some subzones... Okay, no problem You know, I'm looking for the classic zones Five zones? Those five zones But you know, could it be a Saint-Emilion or a Pomerol? I don't think I pick up predominantly Merlot based wines here So are we looking at the five classic areas of the left bank? I think that's where I'm going to do Am I wrong? You're right! You're right, Peter Yeah, they all seem to me to be largely Cabernet Sauvignon based, left bank wines Now, it's scary that there's one from each of those zones because now I'm starting to look for first growths... (That really caught me off guard there. I'm trying to laugh it off like it's nothing ^^;;;) Oh, it's quite impressive because you didn't go (Yep, changing the subject) to the right bank, not even one of them No, there was, to me, no Merlot wine here One Merlot color, if you could say but no Merlot wine (Drinking wine no. 4) Okay, so let me go through them (Peter is drinking wine No. 1 and I'm pretending to spit out to deceive Peter) Yeah, certainly they're getting better and better Yeah, getting better and better (Peter is drinking wine No. 3 and I'm pretending to spit it out again) (When we are doing a professional tasting, we never drink the wines. We always spit it out to make a precise evaluation) (Peter is drinking wine No. 5, too) The wines are getting better and better I would expect the most pedestrian wine, and the wine to be the chunkiest and the most four-square to come from Saint-Estephe However, the wine with the best perfume and all the rest of it I would expect to come from Margaux The most complete wine, the one that's got it all I will expect to come from Pauillac The one that is the most elegant, even sort of tending to the lightness And trying to coax the fruit out of it I would put in the Grave I see you are enjoying this? I love it I don't want these people to think 'What is he... he doesn't know what he's doing!' I'll give you one more imformation They're from three different subzones Not going to help me You know how difficult this is, Jay This is the most... I thought you were my friend... What are you talking about? I thought you were my friend! And what do you think about the quality? Good All of them? All of them, the quality's good. And getting better! In the glass I don't love the vintages I prefer younger wines because I'm sure there's no 2018s here, and I'm sure there's no 2016s here And so I don't love the vintages But yeah, the quality's good as I said and getting better When I prepare some younger vintages You complain about it wanting older vintages Softer ones~ And when I prepare older vintages You want younger vintages! So I don't know, maybe I'm not allowed to talk to your subscribers, our subscribers like this I do prefer to commit 'statutory rape' than 'necrophilia' That's difficult english to understan Statutory, statutory rape? In this country, 'statutory rape' is to take advantage of a lady who's too young, legally, to consent Ah, okay 'Necrophilia' is making love to a corpse If I have to go to court to answer for high crimes against wine Let it be for statutory rape, in other words, drinking something too young And not necrophilia, drinking something that's old and dead When you're drinking class growth Bordeaux... And that's- class growth Bordeaux's a very special part of that because they have to be aged In general, I don't believe in aging wine I'm an iconoclast, I do not believe in aging wine All my compadres would be absolutely outraged by that I do not believe in aging wine If it tastes good, drink it And we're seeing something else, what we're seeing is As the wines breathe, they're getting better and better One last it'll taste, okay? Alright, no problem You're making me drunk And I'm loving it!!! Cheers! (He said one more, but he drank all of the wines) Can we talk them about one by one? Sure The first wine So the first one, obviously they all have some age The first one is the lightest of the lot And yet there's still some ruby character Which is why because, as you know, I battled between Chianti or Sangiovese based wines and Bordeaux And eventually, it was the ruby that... there was sort of more ruby character because there's some age one these wines I mean this is a crude, crude trick, okay? This wine is extremely elegant And I love Grave for its elegance However, it's also got an amazing purfume And I love Marguax for the purfume These wines are changing all the time Beautiful wine Subtle, complex, nuance You guys- you watch Jay and I all the time And I make no apologies for being a guy that much more cares about nuances and subtlety than I do about power and punch It is not bad to like power and punch Some of the most beautiful wines out there have power and punch! Just to think of a couple, typically, Chateauneuf-du-Pape And Amarone But I'm a subtlety freak I know And this wine has it in spades This wine hasn't...? 'Has it' 'In spades', plenty, plenty, plenty So you want to show that one, or shall we go through them all? Let's go through them all Wine No. 2 Pretty much wine No. 2 and No. 1, No. 1 looked the same Actually, they all look very much the same They all got that slightly red-y character This one even has this... Sangiovese kind of iodine on the nose Ah, hah. I see what you mean It's Powerful, the tannins are a little high But the wine is growing into those tannins As I said, they keep getting better So is this a good one? They're all good They're all good? There's no crap wine here Each one of these, very complex Oh, okay Very seriously made So seriously made and so subtle that It takes a while for them to grow in the glass And no matter how much the age on wines These are wines that "Oh, man, do I look forward to drinking them later!" Because they're just getting better and better and better... Alright, so if you say (1)Good (2)Very good (3)Excellent? Between very good and excellent That's not to say that there may not be some excellent properties in here I'm not sure I really love the vintages So between very good and excellent Whatever it is! These are winemakers that know what they're doing and that they have plenty of money to spend No. 3? There's a Margaux in here right? No, that wasn't... that didn't taste like the Margaux in here It's an interesting sort of thing, it's like Goldilocks Pauillac&nbsp;doesn't do any one thing the best But the package for Pauillac&nbsp;is the best No. 4, I think it's Pauillac, I mean it's a Margaux No. 4? Yeah, I think it's Margaux, too And then No. 5, back to Pauillac These are serious wines, Jay... Yeah? And what do you think about the No. 4? Aside from the fact that I think it's Margaux? Mm-hmm For sure, it needs some time If I try to think through its future The bouquet will improve It's already balanced To my mind, a high level wine Chateauneuf Margaux, not sure, probably not but a high level wine Not cheap Why don't you think it can be Chateauneuf Margaux? (.......................) You know the problem with things like that? We have these wines, and we hold them in such esteem And if we ever confront with those wine, we think: 'We know them to be so good!' 'Is this really that good?' 'And am I lucky enough to drink one of the great, great wines of the world...' '...on a beautiful Saturday afternoon here with Jay?' Are you- do you want me to say it's not Margaux? But maybe second growth, something like that? If you tell me now it's Chateauneuf Margaux or a first growth I'm okay with that That makes me feel happy And then No. 5 Another beautiful wine that just needs time It's balanced, it's round It's smooth, the fruit's a little shy It sits in the glass, it gets better You know, when I first tasted these wines I got the sense that they were good Better than good And now I'm getting the sense that they are better than, better than, better than good So probably we should wait for another 2-3 hours? No, no. I think what we should do is finish this... ...so that we can finish this! Because, yes, I think that the quality of the wine demands that we wait but this serious thirst demands not We need to be drinking these Making our barbeque before we fall over I believe this is my first time to see you Not spit out the wines No, I'm not spitting these And I have been for quite a while! Yeah, exactly. That's impressive! And I promised myself this morning I would spit but you get wines like this that are keeping... that are evolving in the glass all the time and becoming better and better and more refined And you say, unless I'm really drunk or something, you say: This is why we do this? This is why we do this! I hope I'm right, I hope I'm not embarrassing myself But... our job is to assess quality And the quality's there Uh-huh, the quality's there So do you think they are already quite aged? Yes, they are quite aged But are they aged enough? No Maybe with big decanters We can age them enough by the time the boerewors are cooked Fortunately, we have slightly bigger glasses here And when we finish this, we put them in really big glasses! I would like to tell you all we put them in really big glasses to develop the bouquet and to age them faster But no, it's to have more! To have more quickly before he gets it all And besides, we gonna bring our wives into the program now Who knows how much these people will drink? Yeah, so probably five bottles won't be enough I have some ideas of what to open Alright, Peter. So do you want to see? Absolutely, I want to see, yeah Okay, so you think they are pretty good wines? They are damn good wines, excuse my language Damn good wines? Damn good wines! No, no!!! I don't want to do that!!!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dynamikcheese [3 likes]: Are you still friends? How is he doing?
  2. @klesa4152 [1 likes]: 20:06 와인뿐 모든것이 막상 접하면 상상보단 못하단게 느껴짐 특히 물건..그래서 나이들수록 물욕이 줄어듬
  3. @iate3batteries [1 likes]: 15:08 ?????
  4. @Henry-q1j8b: 정말 좋은 영상입니다. 한 사람이 좋아하는 것에 대한 순수한 호기심 즐거움을 순수하게 보여주면서 깊이감까지 있네요.
  5. @lovtree: LOL! Your wearing Harry potter T-shirt, 9 3/4. Love it. ❤
  6. @breadman5048: how this guy drink non stop eat the richest restaurant and still in shape.. someone make it make sense
  7. @Wanderlust_1111: Can u fly him to Seoul to create blind tasting content pairing with local cuisine? Love both of your chemistry
  8. @용이-x8p: 무슨 영화같다.말씀을 대본없이도 너무 재미있게도 하시고
  9. @Rattenhoofd: Great watch, and a great lesson on the importance of decanting and the difference it can make. I could have done without the the sex crime analogy though. You could maybe say that among close friends, but not in front of an audience, I believe. Or otherwise edit it out.
  10. @markntexas8265: Jjay the cheap cork trick is evil 😈 in the best way possible i really enjoy your content.
  11. @joelcotnoir9611: Thats amazing i love those vidéos!!
Im a sommelier from canada
  12. @sylshoemaker6734: So impressive
  13. @Jahstice: I was looking forward zo see his reaction when he sees the expensive bottles. Sich a litty you didnt show his reaction of what extraordinary winrs he just drank :(
  14. @Patrick-np7qq: He said "Brei Fleisch" (german) is roast meat. But "Brei" means Porridge. He should have said "Brat Fleisch".
  15. @우가달: 15:13 을 좀더 쉽게 표현하자면 시체강간보다는 미성년자 강간을 선호한다 이런 표현입니다 ㅎ
  16. @힉힉이-d5n: 이거 2부 없나요?
  17. @PimpinBassie2: The moment he suspected these were real high quality wines he started drinking them
  18. @7571Jean: 비싼건  이유가  있구나  ㅎㅎ
  19. @tdtblt: 와인만 배우는게 아니라 인품까지 가르쳐주시는 스승님이신가요
멋진 모습이네요
  20. @Mp57navy: Oldest I ever drank was a 1983 Anjou... I have no idea about red wine, i got it from a vinejard as a thank you. It tasted indeed like red wine.

- The Wine Lover's Guide to a PERFECT Day in BORDEAUX: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today we are in Bordeaux and this is my birthday yes today we are in Bordeaux one of the most famous and prestigious wine regions in the world responsible for some of the finest and age-worthy wines out there it also happens to be my birthday so let's make this day special a perfect day in Bordeaux for a wine lover it is pretty obvious that visiting at winery is a Mustang in Bordeaux there are so many great wineries to choose from there are so many great wineries to choose from and I will visit satola tour satola tour is one of the four chateaus originally included in the famous 1855 meta classification hierarchy and has remained one of the most sought after wines of Bordeaux in fact in the world it is located in puyak and it takes around an hour to drive from Bordeaux City until very recently Bordeaux states were actually not that easy to visit and even today names like chateola tour definitely require a prior appointment we started our visit with a Walk Through The Vineyards the majority of which are planted with carbonized Sauvignon then we visited the cellar rooms followed by what is probably the most important area the wine storage you see the majority of top Bordeaux States sell their wines on Premiere through Place de Bordeaux on Premiere means that the wine is sold before it is even bottled this means that you pay for your wine but the Chateau is still in the process of making or finishing wine if you will later has made the decision to no longer use the on-premier system and will only sell the wine when they confirm that it is ready and this means that storage space is needed what was particularly interesting for me was seeing the process of each bottle being checked wrapped and packaged for delivery as this is rarely shown to visitors lastly and for some one of the most exciting Parts tasting the currently released wines that we tasted react the chateola tour 2018 Le Ford De La Tour 2017 and Grand one itself 2015 vintage Cabernet Sauvignon dominates in all of these wines however its percentage decreases with the second and third labels the structure and depth were present throughout these wines shotola tour did show the energy and tension to be aged for decades in the cellar but I didn't see any reason why it wouldn't give enormous pleasure if opened right now as well the city of Bordeaux is very dear to me and I fell in love with it when I first visited it 15 years ago in some ways I think Bordeaux is more French than actually City of Paris whenever I travel I always try to go to a market to catch the local atmosphere and taste Local Foods and Bordeaux happens to have a great market so let's go Marche de capusan is the largest market in Bordeaux and has been operating since the middle of the 18th century time is limited today therefore I must pass on all the fresh seafood that is offered here well maybe just boiled prawns for lunch as I mentioned before I absolutely must visit markets when I travel and that is one of my life's greatest dilemmas when I travel I want to enjoy the local restaurants but I also want to buy produce at the market and cook it myself some creamy cheese when in France you must eat cheese and oysters it is not exactly oyster season but Bordeaux is the right place to get them and they're so sweet to give you to taste them before you buy and she is a real pro at opening them there were no oyster shells in it quick and easy like a boss I think I have bought again to match how I will eat all of that now I am driving to Dune to pilat which is located in the Artesian Bay not far away from Bordeaux City it is the largest sand dune in Europe and I highly recommend visiting it if you are in the region all the pictures and descriptions cannot grasp the Magnificent and grandiosity that is this formation of nature quite a lot of people here although I came on a weekday The Climb is not that hard if you take the stairs if you feel more adventurous just like all the kids here you can try climbing up yourself just make sure to take everything from the car because if you forget something returning to car and climbing back again might be an unmotivating event now let's find a nice spot for the picnic this is one of the rare moments when we are actually enjoying ourselves and not working I don't know and if it is a sunny day it's highly advisable to bring sunscreen and once you have enjoyed the moment and you're ready to leave make sure to take everything with you including trash and any garbage thank you Bordeaux has a vibrant food scene that attracts both locals and tourists and here we have more than few thousand restaurants from small trendy gastropubs to Michelin star restaurants so something for everyone I want to note that nothing in this video has been done as a promotion including the restaurant which I chose because it had good reviews it was my celebration so I was checking their champagne options and they happened to have one of my favorite grower Champagnes La Mania Bernie and their wine pera de vartos which is actually highly allocated and quite difficult to acquire girls later told me that this was their last bottle lucky me it was indeed a perfect day in Bordeaux but please be advised Bordeaux is one of the largest cities in France and that naturally comes with traffic jams so if you want to manage all this in one day plan accordingly and start your day early but you can also stretch your stay over several days and enjoy these attractions in a more relaxed manner bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @GAIUSIndustrial [2 likes]: good for wine tourism.
  2. @tonyritter3795 [1 likes]: My wife and I visited Bordeaux 2yrs ago in October and loved it! I would go there again before Paris. Also enjoyed all the wonderful restaurants. We did lunch at the Michilen restaurant you visited and it was amazing. Enjoying your videos.
  3. @albertosparrow [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, another great video. I am planning my trip to Bordeaux. My first ask was Latour but they do not take direct visits. Any suggestions?
  4. @willyegli9290 [1 likes]: A perfect day🇨🇵 a perfect wine🍷 congratulations🥂
  5. @sarahmatley2525 [1 likes]: Can you advise how I can organise a private tour for two people collectors of the best wines to tour these top chateau?
  6. @michelechrisgander1436 [1 likes]: ❤ Merci!
  7. @Huynhbeat [1 likes]: Happy Birthday! Too late because I've just watched it  ^^
  8. @robertomangioni9272 [1 likes]: wine on the beach?
  9. @alessandrogiovannini-papar3592 [1 likes]: Happy Bday IN France ....next we wait you in South Australia
  10. @NoJobNoBoat [1 likes]: Have I just seen a woman eating a rare steak? Well then, I'm off to Latvia!  Wish me luck.
  11. @ariellanda3980 [1 likes]: Happy Birthday! Great video with amazing recommendations and editing. Thank you
  12. @derekcontreras7494 [1 likes]: Looks like you had a phenomenal birthday thanks for sharing. I really enjoy this series of videos. Happy belated birthday.🎉
  13. @meat_loves_wasabi [1 likes]: Lovely...planning a year end trip to San Sebastian and Bordeaux
  14. @valeriacgm [1 likes]: si que le sacó jugo a la región! Se me hace que no iba en carro, si no en helicoptero a todos lados. Como va a visitar todo eso en un día? Se teletransportaba? A parte de eso, padrisimo video :)
  15. @golgumbazguide...4113 [1 likes]: Explore Golgumbaz with Guide jahangir, South Indian
  16. @paulwhitehead1190 [1 likes]: Happy birthday Agnese!!!!
What a great day.. brilliant video ❤
  17. @kwokpsalex [1 likes]: Happy birthday
  18. @ptg01 [1 likes]: Awesome !  I remember visiting Latour back in the late 90's and to this day, I still remember it like it was yesterday !
  19. @franklinguerrero4731: I am checking the restaurant tonight. Great video!
  20. @CarlosSanchez-yw6ny: She is way to close to that steering wheel.

- Bordeaux Wine Tasting Tour | France’s Saint-Emilion: A red wine lover’s paradise | Must watch!: Kind: captions Language: en and then you get a lot more personalized experience but non-exploration it's a nice experience we'll get so we'll go inside and you will have a blast with us and we talk maybe you can come in the shade if you don't want to meet the heat when you come to bordeaux and we talk about chateau chateau chateau don't expect to see medieval castle that means we also speak about we also talk about a wine estate and the word chateau includes different elements in the wine estates it will include the vineyard of course so here we have a small piece of land planted at the front but the rest of the vineyard was planted all around the building and we're going to go to the other side in a few seconds the word chateau also includes the technical parts which are located in the modern building just behind here this building was rebuilt in 2007 by the former owner but the chateau also includes the house of winegrow of the one grower because most of the time the wine borer lives in the wine estate and here the house is just behind you here uh it was dated from the 19th century uh in fact the the estate of chateau will mourinho is quite old as it was first created in the 17th century but chateau de marin as we know it now was mainly dated from the 19th century so it's a little bit more recent here we grow seven hectares of vines 18 acres for the ones who count in acres the seven hectares were planted all around the building with eighty percent merlot and twenty percent cabernet franc here we are located on the right bank of jordan river which means here merlot is king but as we are still in bordeaux region we we produce what we call blended wines which means we work with different grape varieties that will be blended at the end of the aging process so here at the marine we work with eighty percent merlot and twenty percent cabernet in some other vineyards of bordeaux region you can also find cabernet sauvignon which is another great variety for reds but here we don't have it so we're going to walk around the building to see the vines closer and then we'll i will explain you the verification process please follow me this way a small part of earth cremain and all the rest underneath is limestone and the limestone soil is very good for vines because it works like sponge it absorbs water from rain and distributes water back to pines whenever they need it so that's really good soil this is why most of the rainy states concentrated around the village on this limestone plateau are mainly concrete classy or first crunchy classic wine as here in santa manio we can find different levels of quality of wine and the best one is first concrete classic and to give you an idea these wines can cost between 500 euros a bottle up to thousands of euros for one bottle depending on the rareness and the quality of the vintage here we are concrete classes so our wines are less expensive they cost between 30 and 16 euros a bottle depending on the vintage uh here before we drink some wine we have to work in the vineyard through the year so the work starts in winter time when we do the first pruning by hand so we cut all the branches from the formative except two like for example if you take a look at this vine here this brown branch and this one here were the ones we kept from last year so we keep one branch on each side of the plants okay and then these are the these former branches that we give the new ones all the branches you can see here and then leaves and then grapes you can see the baby grapes right there so they're still green of course they start to change color in august so for now they're green and we have to work on the vines all through the year so we pull out the leaves around grapes to let berries get turned by the sun we also make a selection of branches we also cut some benches because here we have a maximum yield allowed that is 50 hectare liters per hectare we can't produce more which is a way to regulate the quality of wheat produced and sold on the market so here the average yield of bill marine is about 40 hectares per hectare and sometimes it can also be much less depending on the weather conditions we had during the year because one thing really important to remember is that here we only produce what we grow so if by any bad luck we would have frost or a disease or a hail that would damage the vineyard too bad for us but we would have to deal with it we wouldn't be able to buy grapes coming from other places this is why from one year to the other the yield can vary the harvest time sorry takes place in september end of september beginning of october so of course we don't wake up someday and say oh weather is nice i'm going to harvest no we have to check the maturity of grapes first so we come in on each piece of land as here we have different pieces of land they grow all the way until the road you you can't see but it's close to the chateau you can see the bottom over there so all these vines here are checked which means we pick some berries before they harvest we taste the berries because tasting is very important this way we can evaluate the thickness of skins because as the rice the berries get ripe the skins get thinner we also need to taste seeds because whenever seeds taste like hazelnut we're happy because we know it's time to harvest and we also have a small tool that helps us to calculate the density of sugar containing berries so all these elements are evaluated and then we decide of the harvest date so we pick the grapes by hand so we have 20 pickers from here to help uh the we cut the bunches we put them in small 10 kilo cases this way the bunches are not crushed or damaged and then we bring them to that house i'm going to show you now where we do the sorting and the vinification process as i told you earlier this soil is composed the soil is composed of limestone so it's very soft stone very easy to tiger to extract so for 10 centuries that is from the ninth up to the 19th century the locals dug big network of underground galleries from which they extracted pieces of stones they could use to build the village of saint emilion so now we have a big underground maze underneath the vines underneath the village itself that counts 200 kilometers of underground galleries total and here at vilmarin we are no exception as we have between 21 and 28 hectares of quarries because the quarries were dug on several levels so here at green marine we have three levels and sometimes four we won't go that far don't worry but we're going to fall underneath this vines here and then we will also see the other parts of the quarry located at the front because underneath the piece of land of merlot planted at the front we have the wine aging cellar because the galleries provide perfect conditions for wine aging so we will see all these guys these galleries here and if we don't get lost we have a tasting at the end so let's imagine half this time it's hot sunny maybe not as hot as today but yeah it's quite hot and well we're going to let's imagine we collected our grapes and now we're going to produce some good wine in the bathrooms please follow me this way so whenever we have wine and you want one be with us as well you know the wine oh there are also some machines that exist that can allow us to make very strict selection of berries by the density of color density of sugar and by the size because we consider the small berries didn't have time to level up so there's no chance they have time to get mature so all these bad berries thrown away when i when i say thrown away nothing is wasted they are forming between each robins and they fertilize the soil and they are used as a natural fertilizer but we don't produce any wine with them same same for the that's the same thing for the the stocks you know you know where the stocks are so these crushed to be used as much for gardens but we don't work with them okay we only work with berries so let me show you the bath house which is just here um so here for example on the wall you can see some pictures showing the cases we use to collect grapes the sorting tables and the giraffe what we call the giraffe is a long stainless steel tray that will allow us to bring the bunches the berries by gravity in the vats okay so the berries fall down from the top of the vat at the entrance of the vat on top we sit on a small machine that will crush the berries a little just a little to free the juice in the vat which was long time ago done with feet and then we filled the bath like that so in the vat whenever the bat is full we have juice skins and seeds all together in the van so at first we start the vinification process by cooling the vats so these are made of stainless steel they are very efficient because they have a double surface so they are nicely insulated and here we have stainless steel tubes inside that will regulate the temperature of that so at first we cool the vat to get cold maceration so the temperature will be between nine and 11 degrees celsius so we let the juice the skins the seeds macerate all together for about four days and this will give us a good extraction of fruits then after four days of cold maceration we warm up the butt slowly to get fermentation done because with warmth yeasts located on skins will work and will transform sugar of berries into alcohol so this is the alcoholic fermentation process that's how juice becomes wine and during this process we also have natural phenomenon that have that happens that is we have some gas that develops in that and the gas pushes also the parts to the top so on top there is the hats composed of skins and seeds and below we have the juice and at this level of the wine making process we need these two puffs to get in contact to extract from the skins and seeds color tannins aromas stretcher well all the good things that make the wine so we do pumping overs which means we plug a tube here which is connected to a pumping machine we pump the juice from the lower part of the vat and we transfer it back on top so that the juice will go back through the skins and seeds and it will extract the color all the time in the stretch of all the things i just mentioned before so this work is done during 15 days three times of the perfect but caution here see we have some little taps on the vats these are from the senate master who need to check the evolution of wine by making a laboratory test or just extract some samples from here make some lavatory tests make some tastings and then whenever he considers that these pumping covers may not bring enough extraction in the wine he may decide to do what we call the punching which means they will use the long stylistic tool you can see up there and here the window can you see it with this tool can work by yourself just have to press some button on the machine and then the machine will push and immerse skins and seats from top of the vat to the bottom in the juice and this will extract burning in stronger weight the colored and in the aromas and so on once the fermentation process is over we let everything macerate hot temperatures time for about few days which means the wine spends about one month in these vans then we do the running off we evacuate the juice free ranges we transfer it in another cellar where mine is poured in all powers for aging meanwhile skins and seeds that remain in the bags are not thrown away they are pressed with the big machine you can see here which is a thematic press so inside this part of the machine we put the skins and seeds and there is some kind of a balloon in the machine that will stretch with pressure and it will and seeds to collect here some other juice we call pressing wine so we have free ranges pressing wine from different pieces of land and different grape varieties of the wine state that are vinified separately in different vats and aged separately in different oak powers then all through the aging that last 18 months in your bowels we will extract different samples from the different wines produced we taste them we make notes the characteristics of each of them we make small blendings with them in different samples different proportions and then we choose one blend that is done for real at the end of the aging process that is after 18 months in oak barrels we transfer the wine back in the big vats where we do the final blend we will then separate two different qualities of wine grand cru second level wine and concrete classic first label wine and then we bought all the wine right here in the bathhouse you would have come two days ago not yesterday but the day before that was the bottling that was happening we have we have bottled the 2020 vintage because here it takes us almost two years to produce one vintage of course on the label the vintage 2020 is mentioned not 2022 even though the bottling took place in that period okay because that's always the date of the harvest that is mentioned because for us the vintage year is very important because it will just underline all the weather conditions we had during that year that made the wine what it is okay and it's very important to us to work each piece of land separately in different baths and in different barrels because the merlot planted behind the building will not necessarily give the same type of wine as the wine as the merlot planted at the front because the soil may be slightly different the age of vines can be different the exposition of vines to the sun can be different too so in the end the wine will be different so that's what we call the terroir we have different terroirs in the wine estate and we work them separately to do the best blend we can at the end of the aging process is it clear enough do you understand my french accent yes you tell me if you don't i don't hesitate here we are in the first one we have two different ones but the wife spends the first six months of its aging in this setup because here we can control the temperature of the guru which is not the case downstairs where the temperature is natural and it is constant or through the year but during the first period of the aging process we need to control the temperature of the cedar because we have second fermentation that happens in bowels that we call macrolactic fermentation process which just to sum up allow the wine to lose its acidity it's natural phenomenal which means it doesn't happen at the same time from one vowel to the other so we extract samples we make some lava battery test because the display is not not necessarily noticeable tasting you can't feel it so we have to make carbohydrate tests as you can see also we are aging our wines in new oak bars mainly because the purpose of aging wine enough virus is that we have an exchange of aromas between the oak and the wine so if you keep the bars too long no more exchange and less complexity given to the one so as here we are concretely our goal is more to produce complex wines so we only keep the bars for two years and then we resell them to other wine estates to risky distilleries to private customers but they have second bag but not here we also work with different coopers see the names you can see here on the barrels are the names of the bowel makers of the coopers okay by working with different coopers we will add to the complexity of wine because each cooper may wear with the same type of oak may use the same kind of heat when they make the bowel but they have their own saguaro as we say french know how so they can bring different things to the oak and then to the wine and the cellar master meets the coopers very often so they can talk about what can be improved on the oak and then on the wine so it's real team work here we don't have the whole production that is we have one bathroom because we are now transferring these barrels to the underground cellar so we are in transition so you will see some you can see some about here and you will see some in the endocrine cell too the second level wine will produce is also hd no powers but we have another seller for them so this is what we call the potential concrete classy wine that hasn't been blended yet but these bars are supposed to be full with the groove classy so we were in some place that was built now i'm going to take you to some place that was doug in the limestone uh so it's going to get even cooler or maybe the same temp about the same temperature so here the quarries are quite recent as they were dug in the 16th century i say recent because underneath the village some galleries were dug since the 9th century and they were dug at first for the stone not to be used as one eating cellar because wine was already produced in that period in saint emilion but the thing is in that period the wine could couldn't be kept for long because people the wineries didn't know how to age it they didn't have the enough technology to preserve the wine so the wine had to be drank right away so at first the galleries were there for the stone so please follow me this way it's always straight ahead and there are no steps it may be a little bit steep but no harder again foreign so as you can see here some part of the salary is empty because we had 2020 still aging in the oak barrels right there but as we all we have bottled the wine now this part is waiting for the 2021 we saw upstairs to be transferred we have already started here on this side [Applause] so this wine will be virtual next year in 2022 23 sorry 23. yes and here wine is aging in perfect and natural conditions temperature is natural there's no air conditioning here it doesn't go further than 14 degrees celsius even during the hottest days of summer and you can see it now you can imagine how it uh how it is because today is pretty hot outside so yes good temperature we also have good amount of humidity as we have 80 percent of humidity in this cellar which means we have during the aging process less evaporation of wine because as you may know wine naturally evaporates from the bowl which is what we call the angel's share the park for the angels well here was selfish we don't want to share so we keep the wine here this way we have less evaporation of wine because there's such a good amount of humidity and then less refillings to do because as wine evaporates from the bowls the the wine growers need to refill the bars to avoid oxidation of wine because if wine is in contact with air in the bowl it will oxidate and then turn into vinegar which would be a pity for a classy so we here will refill barrels but not as often as in a regular cellar we have also experienced another type of aging with these two emporeras we purchased for the 2019 vintage compared to the agility notebones we don't have any exchange between the terracotta and the wine no exchange at all on the contrary we will preserve the fruits of great varieties so whenever at the end of the aging process we blend the wine hd milk barrels with the wine aged in and for us this will add to the complexity of the final wine we will balance a little bit the extraction that can be done with the oak parts so here perfect conditions the wine ages for 18 months in a barrels and then after 18 months we transfer the wine upstairs where we do the final blend and the bottling and here we produce two wines concrete classy and concrete which represents 40 000 bottles a year total all these wines are mainly sold abroad as we export 70 percent of our production but of course we keep some here as we welcome visitors we also have a shop and we sell directly from the wine estate so as i said earlier this place wasn't dug to be used as one aging seller it was really deck for the stone because the village needed stone to develop and the city of bordeaux have you been to bordeaux city yes so if you've been to bordeaux city and you if you have seen the village or santiago you may have noticed that the buildings have the same color of stone because they come from the same place these stones come from the same place and especially in saint-emilion this is why this big network was dug and we're going to walk a little bit in the gallery so i can talk to you about the work of requirement because foreign bottles these are the 20 20 vintage and we just did the bottle uh yesterday and the day before so uh we have sold the bottles here and whenever we store the wine in the quarries we don't label it okay we only fill the bottles top the bottles and that's all we put the labels on whenever we have to ship the wine because if we keep if we label the wine here in these quarries with the humidity no more label after a few few months so no we we just label the wine once we are sure that the wine has to be shipped do you remember how many kilometers of quarries we have here 200 kilometers 200 perfect so 200 kilometers that means it's a big network okay so these galleries needed to be aerated this is why the quarrymen dug air wells just like the one here you have above your head you can come closer if you want many airways like this one we're dug in the quarries of saint-emilion so on top whenever you walk around in the vineyards and you can see in the middle of vines a roof of the house but on the ground that means we have underground galleries underneath okay these are air whales they were also a way for the quarrymen to evacuate pieces of sun straight up so be careful madam i don't want to blind you just behind you here we have a picture showing a winchest winch system that was moved by horse it was just settled at the entrance of the well and then the aquarium could lift up the pieces of stones and didn't have to walk long distances in quarries transporting pieces of stones because whenever they dug the galleries they didn't pay attention to the limits of the estates above so one gallery could be dug underneath several estates it could be very long okay so that was a shortcut that was a way to go directly there let's go a little bit further as we turn right we'll be underneath the vines we saw behind the building so here you can see quarrymen at work these people had very efficient method to give the stone as they used this tool here with this quarrymen's peak they could dig some deep lines in the limestone working place as you can see right there so they dug horizontal lines and then vertical lines and then in the corners they could insert their iron and wooden tools which gave pressure on the stone and could break it very easily and they could go on digging whenever necessary so they always dug the the upper part of the working place first to evacuate the pieces of stone located in the lower part very easily and the thing is here they dug a lot especially in the 18th century when bordeaux city became rich the city wanted to show the richness by building beautiful town mansions houses movements and so on so here we provided pieces of stones to the city of bordeaux but without paying attention to the safety of quarries so people dug so much that at some point they fragilized the soil and some galleries collapsed so since 1870 it is forbidden to dig in the quarries of saint emilion no more acquiring operations so then people tried to find other uses so some of them were used as mushroom drawings some others were used as shelters one of the former owners of chateau bill mourinho used these galleries to organize big parties here so it had enough space and because as you can see over there it continues of course we have to close some parts of the quarries and some fences were added because uh as we're connected with the neighbor we don't want him to come in in our quarry so yeah we have to close them yeah so but very very big and empty galleries now and this is why as these galleries provide perfect conditions we chose to use a small part of these galleries as a wine aging cellar we're going to taste the wine now do you have questions clear enough so enough talking let's have a taste in milan this year why because you know the owners on several wednesdays in centimeters all around the marina we have one few meters away just behind the house over there that is called not this house but just a few meters away uh behind we have chateau sutar cade which is a very very tiny whiny status it's less than three hectares vegan and there we produce two wines and a la cuvee victoire and this is the one it's just saint-emilion and that's the one i wanted to wanted you to taste because it's nice especially for this weather that is a red wine sometimes can be quite heavy so in summer time when it's pretty hot difficult so this one is very nice because you can drink it a little bit cooler and it's a very easy drinking very fruity that's someone you can enjoy for any occasion for a belly tea for you know with a barbecue meat cooked on bbq with cheese charcuterie as we say in french and it's good value it's 18 euros 15 which is good value for the sentiment as they cost normally between 15 and 30 euros a bottle so we're going to taste this one a little bit cooler and you see it's nice and then we taste the concrete classy in 2017 vintage which is also a vintage that is nice to enjoy now and not too heavy also good you know because whenever you make some barbecue with the beef steak you can't tell me you drink white wine with this you have to drink bread this this wine this vintage is perfect for summer as a summer one you know very nice hello first we start with suta kadi everybody tastes right please hold the glass help yourself suitable cuvee victoria saint-emilion concrete 2018. so same owners not the same way he said the same owners and same philosophy of work same thing so everything is done by hand it's a small jam less than three hectares big it's two hectares eighty something like that so very very tiny cuvee so you know how to taste the wine now first you have to uh take a look at the color okay so to see the color you just incline your glass on the white background like this and here on the edge you can see the color of the wine the darker the color is the younger is the wine the darker the younger so for red wines it starts from black up to purple violet red ruby garnet and so on and as wine is getting older it has more amber brown or greek color so that's the first step of the wine tasting process as a professional learning first step the color second step make the experiment to smell the wine once without variation so you just smell it you try for a few seconds to memorize what you just melt and then you swirl the wine in the glass for a few seconds and then you smell again second nose it's different it smells different exactly just because you swear the wine in the glass you just let the wine breathe and the aromas come out so in wine you can find different kinds of aromas you can find fruity aromas spicy aromas mineral aromas vegetable aromas the goal is to try to recognize these aromas so of course here this wine is a blend of 90 merlot ten percent cabernet from the merlot is a great variety that brings lots of roundness to the wine and mainly the fruits the fruits red fruits aromas so when you can smell with merlot you can smell raspberry strawberry or cherry see this type of red fruits we also have some cabernet cabernet we will also fill these fruity flavors but also as the white the cabernet has more tannins it will bring the structure to the wine and the potential to the wine so this wine is 2018 it's beautiful vintage in the last 20 years in bordeaux region we had 2000 2000 um we had 2000 2005 2009 2010 2015 2016 and 2018. these were exceptional vintages so of course maybe more expensive than other vintages also because cries of bottles are defined by the quality of the vintage so this wine is is starting to get mature of course it has enough freshness to be kept longer but still as it is very easy drinking this is some wine you can enjoy now so don't hesitate to throw the wine in glass and then pour the one on your palette see how it behaves is it nice is it smooth is it well balanced do you still find find the same aromas on the smell and on the planet does wine have long persistence on the palate well in one word you just enjoy the wine see we can feel the fruits we have also licorice that comes out a little bit of oak but very nicely melted it's not too heavy it's not predominant and yeah lots of flavors a little bit of freshness at the end there is no more that's because this is because the wine can be kept much longer and you can keep this wine for about 15 years so that is time to drink yeah it's nice that this temperature is found i think so yeah i think so and it's uh yeah refreshing it's not too heavy and for me this wine perfect for a barbecue or with a you know as the spanish say tapas you know a very cheap with tapas it's perfect perfect for me it's what i call in french le vende copa so that's uh well that's a the wine for friends that is this is the wine i open when i have friends at home i want to keep them you know to have the opportunity and so on i want and i i open some bottle of wine that is good but not too fancy easy drinking and not too fancy so this wine is 18 euro 50 a bottle if you store wine how often should you change the car ah we don't change it no really no for this type of wine that lasts 15 years you don't change the clock lay down always touching the park and not touching it yes of course you have to keep the bottle lay down this way the cork is moisture by the humidity i mean by the wine okay okay because otherwise the cork gets dry and then it's spoiled yeah it will it will have some default and then the wine will be oxidated and spoiled okay so no no you have to keep the bottles laid down tunes at your disposal but if you want to finish take your time no hurry so this one is the grand cru classic chateau bill marin 2017 grand cru classy 2017 was a special year in bordeaux because we had some frost episode of frost in bordeaux in general here at wilmorin we got lucky because we are located on the heights of the limestone plateau of saint emigo so we are completely sheltered by the heights most of the time the wine states that suffer from frost are the ones located on the slopes or below so here as well on the heights we didn't get any frost and furthermore the berries we collected in 2017 were arrived and beautiful so we had beautiful vintage not as concentrated as us as a 16 or an 18 of course which were exceptional vintages because we had more sun in these uh for these vintages but still very nice vintage and as i said earlier it's only vintage so good thing about this one you can drink earlier

- Bordeaux France Wine Tour: Médoc: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] your solo girls died we left Bordeaux City to start a day of wine tasting a new Madoc region we had picked up our 6th rental car the day before when driving to st. Emilion you can find that video here it's important to know that all Chateau tours and tastings must be booked in advance earlier the better we did this with the help of wine paths and so you know they say Chateau not vineyard or winery this means castle in French and it's on these grounds that the wines are produced she booked us two full days of both private and public tours and a mix of small family-owned wineries to the real large production it was a great variety we started our first day at Chateau Pabst Lehman every tour in Bordeaux pretty much has the same outline the guide will give you a little history at the Chateau like the family owns it or who has owned it in the past then they will speak about the production of their wines and all the processes they use for example now they age their wine and big barrels then they will bring you to some type of tasting room and you get to sample a few of their wines before our next stop we have lunch at loop Fabio DeMarco it was a quiet place a WoW de foudre a must stop in mind next we went to Chateau CA the 17th century estate that has now belonged to the same family for over 150 years after that we headed to Chateau du title the current owners are five sisters this family originally acquired the Chateau in 1896 they're also one of the few made off vineyards that produced a white line groaning marry behind at this point we pretty much missed the whole last order it was at Chateau Latour party but we were still able to taste the wine and check out the ground first so take note for vineyards in one day is a little too ambitious I think three is more realist I would suggest booking directly through their site as originally we booked through booking calm and there was a bit of a mix-up with the roof but we got it all figured out we headed into the town of playoff for dinner where we had some wolf eat for our second day we had a private driver we also put this through wine cup definitely pricey but less stressed we started at Chateau lay on Bill Pullman and we were there at an exciting time they were actually harvesting the grapes every year harvest fall sometime in September it was really interesting to see how they process the grapes however some chateaus actually do closed during this time of year so that's something to keep in mind for lunch we stopped at Cafe Lebanon they offer fixed menus for 29 or 39 euros which included three courses next up with Chateau Cleo has shield which was founded in the Romanesque era by months later developed by the new sheet family but now is in the hands of the Ballard group this place is cool because you got to do some tasting inside of the shop last but not least we went to Chateau let's go from 17th century to now 10 generations of owners have left their sticks we headed back to our bed-and-breakfast and then took a little evening stroll to the grounds of the Chateau pshaw and I mean this one truly took the cake would you just look at that for dinner the lovely owner of the bed and breakfast cooked us up a five-star meal the beautiful ending to a beautiful trip and for more videos and information on Bordeaux make sure you subscribe and you can find the links to all of these chateaus and restaurants on my website updates a champagne pop thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @houch7640 [1 likes]: Good informative video. The music however is way too loud
 and repetitive. Watching it muted defeats the purpose
  2. @TravelTourTaste [1 likes]: Hey hun hope you are well and your weekend went well. Just thought we would pop over again and see what you have been up to lately. Been to France many times, but not for ages. Wine all the way lol x huge thumbs up for this one hun, anyway stay safe and catch up again real soon God bless you 👍❤️🙏
  3. @cdiaz893: Very informative
  4. @rajeshkumar-nq8mx: So lovly .. i love this city vry much
  5. @TravelingisFREEDOM: This seems to be a very charming place, I hope I can visit sometime in the future.  Seeing and sharing places like this is why I love traveling and make videos so much!  And please keep up the great job!  Subscribed!!
  6. @sammin7796: Loving the vids! 😁 You deserve more views. Did you check smzeus”dot”com??! You should use it to promote your videos and grow your channel.

- Bordeaux Wine on a Budget: Bordeaux Superieur and the Entre Deux Mers (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it's hard to believe that 2000 years ago when other parts of France were already making wine under Roman rule the Bordeaux region was better known for its corn but luckily for Bordeaux it's located close to the Atlantic Ocean and connected by two major rivers so it became a natural Trade Center in ancient times now wine has always been made in this region to some degree but it really came into its own in the Middle Ages when the western part of France became a part of the kingdom of England in 1152 suddenly there was a huge demand in England for this wine called Claret from Bordeaux this is really interesting in the 1700s Dutch Engineers actually drained the swampland to the northern part of Bordeaux which is now the medak and that's the region where probably the highest ranking and most expensive wines come from still to this day and of course in 1855 the wines of Bordeaux were given their notorious crew classification but this controversial ranking was based on sales figures alone and it only included about 61 Wineries and to this day those 60 wineries still get most of the attention which is a real shame because Bordeaux has about 6 500 different Wineries and a lot of them make some pretty amazing wine the great news is that we have four of those wines here today and I think they really deserve some attention earlier I mentioned that Bordeaux is situated around two major rivers technically translates to me between two C's but in this case more like two bodies of water the honors is the appellation that's situated between the dardogonya and the garon rivers and it's best known for these perfumed floral white wines Chateau landerol is made from a blend of four different varieties including sauvignon blanc and Sauvignon it's a silky well-balanced white that to me inspires thoughts of warmer weather and sunny skies with all that Citrus and tropical fruit in there if you close your eyes and drink this you might even be fooled into thinking it's a rose I also like that they strive to be good stewards to the environment as you can see here we have another white here from the region of Santa Fe which is very close actually next to the ultra Dume and sent Foy was actually a martyr from the third century and take note of the Cote de Bordeaux label here we've discussed what Colt means in previous tastings and this is another Sauvignon blog dominant wine that shows a slightly different approach it's a thick and heady wine full of pungent wildflowers and citrus and a touch of herbaceousness to me it tastes like the first day of spring Bordeaux Superior is a designation that indicates a wine that has been held to higher production standards in this case they deliver a higher alcohol content and they have to spend at least 12 months aging this one is a Merlot dominant blend that comes from a small town called gen sock which resides on the cliffs above the jordania River Chateau Le badak is a complex wine that I think delivers well above and beyond its price point I would describe it as a chocolate covered blueberry scone dunked in a cup of tea and sweetened with a dollop of whipped cream and lastly we have a four-year-old Bordeaux Superior from the right back of the girl a chateau that by the way is also an Airbnb that you can rent so I think I know where I'm going on my next vacation this wine is a Cabernet dominant blend with some Merlot and cab Franc as well this is a real high quality Bordeaux Superior that drinks so well for being relatively Young and the soft tannins in here and those toasty chocolate notes are really warm and inviting and there's your brief primer for our upcoming tasting of Bordeaux wines if you haven't reserved your wines yet be sure to go to wtso where you can purchase them and also get the date and the details for the upcoming virtual event but wait because there's still more in the next video I'm going to give you some of my own easy to make food pairings that you can prepare for the tasting so after you order your wines be sure to grab those recipes so that you have something to nibble on while we taste foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @EmeryBird-z5v [1 likes]: :LOL 2,000 years ago corn wasn't introduced to France.
  2. @Peemars: nice . i would love to visit France one day

- Napa Valley Ultimate Guide to Best Wineries, Hotels, Restaurants and Things to Do on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the worldrenowned wine region of Napa&nbsp; Valley. Yes, Napa is world famous for its wine and&nbsp;&nbsp; for its iconic landscapes and for its historic&nbsp; wineries that blend seamlessly into the serene&nbsp;&nbsp; countryside. But that's only part of our story&nbsp; today. This video will show you why Napa and the&nbsp;&nbsp; charming towns of St. Helena and Yountville are&nbsp; our favorites any time of year. spring, summer,&nbsp;&nbsp; fall, and winter. We'll also highlight some&nbsp; outstanding restaurants, including our favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; tapas and authentic French that won't make you&nbsp; feel like you've been taken to the laundry. Even&nbsp;&nbsp; if wine isn't your thing, discover all that&nbsp; Napa has to offer. Stick around until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of the video for Napa's iconic seasonal&nbsp; activities and tips on how to make your trip&nbsp;&nbsp; smooth and memorable. Hi, this is Peter and you're&nbsp; watching Peter and Selena's guidebook. If you love&nbsp;&nbsp; exploring the wonders of the world through its&nbsp; sights and flavors, please hit that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button and the notification bell so you don't&nbsp; miss our next adventure. So, let's get started. Just 5 miles wide, the Napa Valley is nestled&nbsp; between the Mayacamas Mountains to the west&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Vaca Range to the east. Its two main&nbsp; north - south arteries, Highway 29 and the&nbsp;&nbsp; scenic Silverado Trail run 30 miles from the&nbsp; city of Napa to Calisoga. This video will take&nbsp;&nbsp; you through our favorite places and plates from&nbsp; Yountville and Napa in the south to St. Helena&nbsp;&nbsp; and Calisoga in the north. First up, Far Niente,&nbsp; one of Napa's most beautiful and historic estates.&nbsp;&nbsp; Founded in 1885 and artfully restored in the&nbsp; 1970s, this property blends luxury and history&nbsp;&nbsp; with Italian-style architecture, lush gardens, and&nbsp; extensive wine caves. The winery also houses an&nbsp;&nbsp; impressive collection of antique and exotic cars&nbsp; in its Carriage House, a hidden gem for curious&nbsp;&nbsp; visitors and car enthusiasts alike. Wine tastings&nbsp; start at $120 a person for private seatings with&nbsp;&nbsp; cheese pairings. But for just $10 more, you can&nbsp; get the full experience with a 90-minute group&nbsp;&nbsp; tasting and guided tour through the winery, caves,&nbsp; and gardens. For fine Napa wine and aesthetics,&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't get any better than this. If you're&nbsp; not a wine drinker and looking for a unique Napa&nbsp;&nbsp; experience, try Castello di Amoroso, which we'll&nbsp; cover later in this video. Yountville is known&nbsp;&nbsp; as Napa's culinary capital, where nearly&nbsp; every street corner tempts you with food,&nbsp;&nbsp; wine, and its own unique brand of modern art. The&nbsp; town's walkable streets are lined with boutiques,&nbsp;&nbsp; bakeries, and outdoor sculptures, making it&nbsp; perfect for a leisurely afternoon stroll. On&nbsp;&nbsp; weekends and holidays, there's a never-ending&nbsp; lineup of customers outside of Bouchon Bakery,&nbsp;&nbsp; eager to grab warm baguettes and pastries&nbsp; fresh from the oven before exploring the town.&nbsp;&nbsp; Take a walk around the centrally located V&nbsp; Marketplace. Formerly known as Vintage 1870,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a unique shopping and dining destination&nbsp; located in historic buildings that once served&nbsp;&nbsp; as a winery. At the top end of its dining scene,&nbsp; Yountville is home to Thomas Keller's Bouchon&nbsp;&nbsp; Bistro and the French Laundry, which sports three&nbsp; Michelin stars and a reputation of offering the&nbsp;&nbsp; finest French cuisine in all of North America.&nbsp; But if you're looking for authentic French cuisine&nbsp;&nbsp; that won't break the bank, just a short walk&nbsp; down the road is Bistro Jeanty, our favorite in&nbsp;&nbsp; Napa Valley. Their signature soups include the&nbsp; delectable tomato bisque, baked under a golden&nbsp;&nbsp; puff pastry, and a rich bubbling French onion&nbsp; soup. Other classic dishes include parfait of duck&nbsp;&nbsp; foie gras, escargot and bone marrow with escargot&nbsp; drizzled with a delicate demi glace bordelaise&nbsp;&nbsp; red wine sauce. The Normandy mussels are a must.&nbsp; Incredibly fresh and cooked to tender perfection.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just don't forget to save some bread to soak up&nbsp; that mouthwatering cider cream broth. For foodies&nbsp;&nbsp; with a primaeval urge, there's the steak tartare.&nbsp; One of the best we've had stateside and an even&nbsp;&nbsp; more adventurous dish with a curious name, sweetbreads.&nbsp; Despite being immersed in a delightful morel cream&nbsp;&nbsp; sauce with white truffle oil, I can tell you from&nbsp; first-hand experience that eating gray matter does&nbsp;&nbsp; not make you smarter. In short, Bistro Jeanty&nbsp; excels with a more affordable take on classic&nbsp;&nbsp; French dishes in a relaxed and casual atmosphere.&nbsp; At the center of this beautiful town, the Vintage&nbsp;&nbsp; House hotel offers boutique luxury in a peaceful&nbsp; garden setting ideal for unwinding between&nbsp;&nbsp; adventures. Its atmosphere blends modern wine&nbsp; country chic with cozy touches like fireplaces,&nbsp;&nbsp; private patios, and balconies. As part of the&nbsp; estate Yountville, guests can enjoy shared facilities,&nbsp;&nbsp; including a pool, spa, and other amenities. Just&nbsp; three miles from Yountville via the Yountville Cross Rroad,&nbsp;&nbsp; the exquisite Poetry Inn feels worlds away. Tucked&nbsp; in the hills above the scenic Silverado Trail,&nbsp;&nbsp; each room comes with a private terrace that offers&nbsp; commanding views of Napa Valley and spectacular&nbsp;&nbsp; sunsets. With only five suites, guests enjoy an&nbsp; intimate, personalized retreat with fireplaces,&nbsp;&nbsp; soaking tubs, and private outdoor spaces.&nbsp; St. Helena blends history, charm, and small&nbsp;&nbsp; town sophistication with seasonal holiday spirit.&nbsp; Its main street is filled with boutiques, cafes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and galleries that invite you to window&nbsp; shop, people watch, or immerse yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; in eclectic and thought-provoking modern art.&nbsp; St. Helena is also home to landmark wineries,&nbsp;&nbsp; including Beringer Vineyards. Founded in 1876,&nbsp; the oldest continuously operating winery in Napa,&nbsp;&nbsp; its Rhine House mansion is a national historic&nbsp; landmark and a Victorian showpiece with an elegant&nbsp;&nbsp; and impressive stained glass lined interior to&nbsp; match. Touring the grounds combines history,&nbsp;&nbsp; architecture, gardens, and of course, bocce ball&nbsp; and wine all in one stop. The hand-dug wine caves&nbsp;&nbsp; offer a cool old world atmosphere unlike any other&nbsp; in the valley. Oh, and they make great wines. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; down the road, V. Sattui Winery is famous for&nbsp; rustic atmosphere, its lively harvest festivals,&nbsp;&nbsp; picnic grounds, and artisanal marketplace, making&nbsp; it one of Napa's most family-friendly destinations.&nbsp;&nbsp; My impression, Beringer's and V. Sattui's&nbsp; hospitality feel refreshingly welcome compared to&nbsp;&nbsp; their more exclusive Napa peers. For a memorable&nbsp; stay in Saint Helena with easy access to Calisoga,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Harvest Inn offers rustic luxury and brick&nbsp; cottages, many with west-facing vineyard views.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its walkways meander around jacuzzi's and&nbsp; pool areas that are dotted with sculptures&nbsp;&nbsp; and fireplaces, plus a bocce court where&nbsp; you can play to your heart's delight,&nbsp;&nbsp; or sip wine around a fire pit. Enjoy an appertif&nbsp;at the Inn's large horseshoe bar, or savor the&nbsp;&nbsp; seasonal menu at the harvest table, where fresh,&nbsp; locally sourced ingredients are served beside an&nbsp;&nbsp; oversized fireplace. What this hotel may lack&nbsp; in sophistication is compared with the Inn at&nbsp;&nbsp; Southbridge, which is also highly recommended. It&nbsp; more than makes up for with its attractive outdoor&nbsp;&nbsp; spaces and stunning fall foliage. To the north,&nbsp; up in the hills of Calisoga, Castello di Amoroso&nbsp;&nbsp; transports you to medieval Tuscany in the heart&nbsp; of Napa Valley. This authentic castle includes&nbsp;&nbsp; towers, gargoyles, elaborate caves, dining halls,&nbsp; and even a working drawbridge that crosses a moat.&nbsp;&nbsp; Families are welcome here with tours that include&nbsp; non-alcoholic tastings for kids and non-drinkers.&nbsp;&nbsp; With its scale and attention to detail, Castello&nbsp; di Amaroso is one of the most visually striking&nbsp;&nbsp; stops in the entire valley. Chateau Montelena&nbsp; catapulted Napa onto the world stage in 1976&nbsp;&nbsp; when its Chardonnay famously beat top French&nbsp; wines at the judgment of Paris. Founded in 1882,&nbsp;&nbsp; this historic estate remains one of Napa's most&nbsp; consistent top-rated wineries with a well-preserved&nbsp;&nbsp; legacy of elegant, classically styled Chardonnay&nbsp; and structured age-worthy Cabernet Sauvignon. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ivy draped stone chateau is set beside Jade lake&nbsp; framed by Chinese gardens and weeping willows. A&nbsp;&nbsp; uniquely tranquil setting in the valley. Chataeu&nbsp; Montilena blends a storied history, scenery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and vintages that make it a cultural landmark and&nbsp; a destination for serious wine lovers. Calisoga&nbsp;&nbsp; is a great place to unwind at the end of a long&nbsp; day in Napa. Check out Indian Springs Resort,&nbsp;&nbsp; Calisoga's historic oasis. Bask in mineral pools&nbsp; and holistic spa treatments. Over the past two&nbsp;&nbsp; decades, downtown Napa has undergone a revival,&nbsp; transformed into a lively hub of culture and&nbsp;&nbsp; dining. Napa's riverfront entices you to stroll&nbsp; along the Napa River and take in an atmosphere&nbsp;&nbsp; not found anywhere else in the valley. The soul of&nbsp; the valley, Napa's streets are lined with cafes,&nbsp;&nbsp; wine bars, art galleries, and boutiques that&nbsp; offer their own brand of window shopping,&nbsp;&nbsp; Napa Valley style. Napa's historic art deco&nbsp; style opera house houses the Uptown Theater&nbsp;&nbsp; and at street level, the legendary Blue Note Jazz&nbsp; Club. One of our favorite restaurants is Zuzu,&nbsp;&nbsp; an exceptional Spanish tapas restaurant just&nbsp; across from Veterans Park near the waterfront.&nbsp;&nbsp; Their signature dishes include fried manchego&nbsp; cheese anchovy toast, broiled prawns, and a&nbsp;&nbsp; host of other tapas classics. Their diverse menu&nbsp; brings authentic flavors from Spain to every table&nbsp;&nbsp; with a lively, sharable atmosphere. Oxbow Market&nbsp; is a hub of local flavors with artisan foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; cheese, wine, and a range of dining options all&nbsp; under one roof. Closer to the riverfront walk,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Napa Farmers Market offers fresh produce and&nbsp; handmade crafts from local growers and artists&nbsp;&nbsp; every Saturday from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. For&nbsp; lodging in the city of Napa, the Meritage Resort&nbsp;&nbsp; offers a village style setting with shops, cafes,&nbsp; and even has its own wide cave. During the winter&nbsp;&nbsp; holidays, the Meritage transforms into a festive&nbsp; destination with Christmas decor and an outdoor&nbsp;&nbsp; ice rink. It's a little less expensive than the&nbsp; boutique hotels up north, but offers a large&nbsp;&nbsp; scale resort-style atmosphere with more extensive&nbsp; amenities. Other attractions and year-round tips.&nbsp;&nbsp; Napa Valley is more than wine. It's also about&nbsp; history, scenery, culture, and unique seasonal&nbsp;&nbsp; activities. If you come during August through&nbsp; October, make your trip unforgettable by enjoying&nbsp;&nbsp; a harvest celebration at one of the many wineries&nbsp; holding special events, including harvest parties,&nbsp;&nbsp; grape stomping, or wine makers dinners. From May&nbsp; through August, several towns and wineries also&nbsp;&nbsp; host concerts, so check schedules before you come.&nbsp; Mustard season runs from January to March when the&nbsp;&nbsp; vineyards explode with bright yellow blooms and&nbsp; wild flowers. In late fall and winter, Yountville,&nbsp;&nbsp; St. Helena and Napa are decked out and sparkle&nbsp; with holiday spirit. The best time to see the&nbsp;&nbsp; colors of fall foliage is generally November, but&nbsp; call ahead. Remember, many restaurants are closed&nbsp;&nbsp; on Thanksgiving Day, so check ahead and make&nbsp; reservations. The Wine Train is a Napa bucket&nbsp;&nbsp; list item that features whistle-stop winery tours&nbsp; and gourmet wining and dining on board in vintage&nbsp;&nbsp; rail cars. It is expensive, but there is a variety&nbsp; of packages. Check the links below for more&nbsp;&nbsp; information. Hot air balloon rides can be booked&nbsp; in Napa or Yountville, providing panoramic views that&nbsp;&nbsp; stretch across the entire valley. Biking is also a&nbsp; popular way to explore Napa's vineyards and trails&nbsp;&nbsp; running throughout the valley, including Yountville,&nbsp; where you can escape the busy roads. Whether&nbsp;&nbsp; you're planning a weekend getaway or a longer&nbsp; stay, Napa is truly a destination for all seasons. Thanks for watching. I hope you found&nbsp; this video fun and informative. Please&nbsp;&nbsp; like and subscribe and see you next&nbsp; time on Peter and Selena's Guide Book. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @melondoc [3 likes]: We live in Napa Valley, we’ve seen a lot of videos about Napa Valley, this is by far one of the best!
  2. @PeterSelinaGuidebook [1 likes]: NEW: Our full San Francisco travel guide drops tomorrow at 11:30 AM Pacific Time — don’t miss it!
  3. @ederlindalafradez3416 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing... looking forward to see the places that you guys shared...💖
  4. @Kenny478Va: I love Napa restaurants.  But the wine tasting is greed that will end up biting them.  $60 to taste a quarter bottle worth of wine will make these winery visits a once every 5 year event.  The wineries think they can sell you an experience versus substance.  Nope.  It will bite them in the end.  Extremely poor value is not a recipe for success.   I live driving distance from Napa, and I would probably go there 4 times a year for tasting.  Instead I go there to eat and visit the trails.  Better wine tasting in Amador county for less than half the price.
  5. @dessimartinovski: Very helpful! Thanks
  6. @karenyu582: Thank you! This is really informative!
  7. @LinusChester01: Slow down your camera movements, especially panning shots.  They are way too fast.
  8. @BethNieter: So helpful!  Thank you for sharing!  We are planning our first trip to Napa
  9. @SandyLee-i3i: Very insightful and informative!

- Wine Tasting On A Budget In Napa Valley! Discover Sutter Home Winery For Only $10: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey guys, welcome to probably the best bargain when it comes to wine tasting in the Napa Valley. Today, we're here at Sutter Home Winery in St. Helena, California. Sutter Home. Does the name ring a bell, by any chance? Even if you don't normally drink wine, chances are you've probably heard of Sutter Home. Because their wine is everywhere. Grocery stores, liquor stores, your neighborhood block party. It's everywhere. Maybe you're drinking Sutter Home as you're watching this right now. But what is it like to actually do a wine tasting at Sutter Home? Well, that's what we're here to show you today. We're going to share our thoughts on two of the tasting flights they offer, showing you each wine along the way. And be sure to stay till the end because we're sharing our top three reasons to visit Sutter Home, and one big reason why some of you may want to go in a different direction. Sit back, relax, and enjoy with your drink of choice. We're Grant and Teresa Boggs, and we're on a mission to visit every winery in the Napa Valley. Yes, all 450 plus of them. And wine tasting here isn't just about what's in your glass. It's about the whole experience. Through food, architecture and picture perfect views, it's all in the details. Wine's an adventure. Let's do it. We did say that Sutter Home is probably the best wine tasting bargain in the Napa Valley. So, how much do tastings cost? Tastings here are just $10 to $15 per person. And for comparison, right now, you'd probably spend $45 to $50 on the low end for a typical Napa Valley tasting. So, having a 1$0 option here is a pretty good deal. There are currently three tasting options available. One is the Sweet Flight for $10, second is the Fruit Infusions Flight for $10, and option number three is the Founder's Flight for $15. Grant and I decided to share the Sweet Flight and the Founder's Flight. So without further ado, here's a preview of the Sweet and Founder flights. Pour number one for the sweet flight is, of course, the White Zinfandel, which is Sutter Home's flagship wine, created right here in 1975. It's pink, sweet, and has hints of strawberry and melon, and frankly, it got a lot of people in America starting to drink wine. To this day, it's Sutter Home's bestseller. Our first pour of the Founder's Flight is the Bubbly Pink Moscato. The bubbles do a nice job of tempering the sweetness of it, so it doesn't taste overly sugary. I think it's a nice, fun, celebratory wine. Next, pour number two from the Sweet Flight is the Sweet Red, and it definitely lives up to its name in flavor and color. Look at that bright red hue. And to me, it tasted like a cherry lollipop. The second pour of the Founder's Flight is the Reserve Sangiovese. As you'd expect from a Sangiovese, it has those nice, warm, jammy flavors. This would go really nicely with a margherita pizza or some creamy mushroom risotto. Yum. Pour number three from the Sweet Flight is the Sangria. Now, this is something you don't see on every tasting menu here in the Napa Valley. It's a blend of Zinfandel, Syrah, Grenache, and Barbera grapes, infused with fruit essence and spices. I call this an instant party in a bottle. The third pour in the Founder's Flight is the Muscat of Alexandria, which kind of sounds like an Agatha Christie novel to me. A small pour of this would be a great way to end a meal, in my opinion. You could pair it with dessert, or maybe a cheese board. Or have it on its own. Pour number four for this sweet flight is a Pink Moscato. We've already had the Bubbly Pink Moscato from the Founder's Flight earlier, so this is very similar, just without the bubbles. And our awesome host Lizette gave us a bonus pour of something from the Fruit Infusions tasting menu. So this is the Fruit Infusion Sweet Peach. It is very peachy, so if you're a peach fan, definitely check this out. Even from here I can smell it. Very strong peach smell and peach flavor, so. Cheers! The fifth and final pour of the Sweet Flight is the Moscato Sangria. It's definitely a lot lighter and more subtle than the Red Sangria that we had earlier. So last but not least, we have here the triple cream sherry. And this is kind of a treat, because you don't always see sherry here in the Napa Valley. Not a lot of places produce it. It pairs very nicely with a cup of coffee, or cheesecake, or a nice scoop of ice cream. So, let's try it out. Cheers, or shall I say... Sherry, Niles? Thank you. Yep, if it's good enough for Frasier and Niles, it's good enough for me. So that's an overview of what you can generally expect with tastings here at Sutter Home Winery. Now, as promised, here are three reasons to see Sutter Home for yourself. Number one is obviously the value. Wine tasting here starts at just $10 per flight, and you can bring home a bottle of most of their wine for less than $20 each. A second reason to visit Sutter Home is its very beautiful grounds, which you're welcome to explore. You can get your tastings at the bar and just walk around the property, enjoy the Adirondack chairs, or sit by the pond. And a third reason to visit Sutter Home is it's a great winery for people who have a sweet tooth. If you like the taste of a good Moscato or a fun party punch, then I'm pretty sure you'll find something to like here at Sutter Home. There isn't a single dry wine on the tasting menu. And looking at the other side of it, we also promised to share one big reason why some people might opt out of visiting Sutter Home. And that is if you're looking for a more traditional wine tasting menu. If you're coming to Napa to taste classics like Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, then you'll probably want to look elsewhere for that type of tasting experience. As I said earlier, Sutter's all about the sweet wines and fruit blends. That said, there's no rule against mixing things up, so even if you prefer a traditional tasting menu, you could still have fun at Sutter as a second or third location on your itinerary. And so, we want to hear from you guys. Do you know someone who loves sweet wine? Do you think $10 is a good deal for wine tasting? Let us know in the comments below, and we'll see you next time. K, bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArguetaFamily-vj9rq [1 likes]: Inglenook owned by Francis Coppola (He lives in the back)  is a Chateau with beautiful history story and winemaking process, also has a bistro (yes they sell coffee) no tasting reservations required, if you reserve in the bistro (it gives you free entry to winery) you can purchase by the glass & food pairings, museum is free Francis Coppola (Godfather movie director) collections Museum, gorgeous views of vineyards and gardens, children allowed to use wooden boats in fountain, beautiful entryway lined trees, in the heart of Rutherford, across from Rutherford grill. 
Look it up 😉 
You’re welcome 😊
  2. @AshleyNewellDotMe [1 likes]: This property is so pretty at Christmas time that I've wanted to stop by but it never looked open.
  3. @GodGifts. [1 likes]: Home Winery offers a great value wine tasting experience in Napa Valley. wooow
grant and teresa when you making the next video.
love you.
  4. @aashaytambi3268 [1 likes]: Is this place walk in?
  5. @CJBordeleau1908: That’s great sir but we ordered franzia
  6. @greggehrke243: Sutter Home is the best.