- Inside a $21 Million Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en you don't have to be a professional to enjoy wine the only thing you need to have is i like it or i like it not underneath the luxurious cobourg palace in vienna are six wine cellars filled with some of the rarest bottles of wine you've ever seen [Music] totally there are six different wine caves there are all together a little more than 50 000 bottles all together and i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising but the list is changing all the time i'm i think we are also in the top 10 worldwide to compare these top 10 is not possible all are equal fantastic for themselves what makes a wine expensive why do people spend ten thousand dollars on a bottle 100 000 on a bottle the one point is the quality but there are more points how old is the wine how many are existed how special is really this this vintage and the reputation also of the wine so it's not very not often just the quality it's always a mixture of all custom tours and tastings led by professional sommeliers take visitors to the six cellars each with its own theme france new world old world ikem champagne and rare wines wine tastings are quite affordable and you don't have to be passionate about wine to enjoy one of these there are also deluxe packages for wine connoisseurs where you get to enjoy some of the upper end bottles the entire place is the equivalent of a bank vault for wines but to be honest you feel more like you're in an art gallery than anything else and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is from where you're buying you're buying directly sorry for from the vineyard perfect directly from really good traders also okay but always be careful the most expensive bottle we sold was actually now about two years ago a bottle for 170 000 euros bottle of six litres awesome wine the oldest wine in the collection is from 1727 that's older than mozart himself here is chateau chem ekem is a very famous sweetwine vineyard we have all vintages produced since 1893 here in this cave on the left ladder the highest is 1893 one below 1895-1896 the market value of the collection is about 18 million euros just to give you guys a glimpse into the prices they've received an offer of 20 000 euros for this bottle of dom perignon and refused to sell you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [66 likes]: Hey Aluxers, while shooting our 900,000 Special we went inside this 21 million dollar wine collection! Enjoy!
PS: The full video is coming soon!
  2. @montvilleo [1 likes]: Oh yeah? Well I once had 48 - 12 oz bottles of "Southern Tier Pumpking" beer in my refrigerator !!!
  3. @waskerbasket9601 [1 likes]: What is written on the floor?
  4. @allanwiener230: What is the purpose of amassing such a collection?
  5. @bs10098121: Wow!! A miniature piece of heaven here!!
  6. @aam3489: 3:50 Why is there arabic writing
  7. @Jupe367: When a wine has a date is that when it was bottle?  I see that there are wine back in 1800s.  Is wine any good after 20 years?
  8. @davidcaple6521: Kind of obnoxious... To be honest. I have a meager 2000 bottles worth way less... The difference, I'll drink that shit before I die (hopefully). Crazy old bottles??? For what? A dick measuring contest I guess? I mean this respectfully, I am truly enamored by the collection but at some point you have to ask yourself, why? Sincerely...
  9. @luisgamass5585: I was there 8 years ago Super impresive !!
  10. @ernis_star: all bullsh...t !
99% of people dont know the diference between a 1 € wine and a 1000 € wine.

and the irony is : yung people even like the 1 € wine....

it s like modern art !  things that are only ponzi scheme
  11. @ykhykh816: The glass cabinets give me anxiety
  12. @Ody-up6kg: I did not see a single bottle of 1976 Boone's Farm!
  13. @martygt3357: You have way to much wine.  If you would like help fixing this problem, give me a call.
  14. @edmacfarlane9483: Awesome! I’d like to walk around with a Coravin sneaking a few samples!
  15. @Pandolcee: Over the last 2 years I have become more and more interesting in wine collecting for some reason, maybe I just like the elegance of the wine and the way its presented, or maybe I'm an alcoholic in disguise
  16. @teri-rossicyda2874: stunning
  17. @yriafehtivan: $21 million / 50,000 bottles is roughly $420 per bottle. Damn, and I thought paying $30 for a basic level bottle of Burgundy was a bit pricy.
  18. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: Смотри не заблудись
  19. @achdjianfinearts: ridiculous !  so stupid !  there are thousands of much better wines at very unexpensive prices !
  20. @AZsportshut: I work in a warehouse that imports wine from all around the world. I guarantee most of his wine are trash.

- 11#Wine Estate - Domaine Leroy🌱: The Queen of Burgundy Wines 🍇👑: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to siping and talk today we're diving into the illustrious world of domain Leroy one of burgundy's finest wine producers let's explore the fascinating history and the legendary wines of domain looy grab your favorite glass of wine and let's get started Our Journey Begins in 1868 when franois looy founded maon looy this negoti business became a Cornerstone of burgundy's wine industry in 1919 HRI his son joined the Family Estate and embarked on creating a distillery in sezac Chente while also expanding into the spirits industry in gensac laalo by 1942 HRI made a significant move by acquiring a 50% stake in the prestigious romane kti Vineyard known globally for its exceptional wines fast forward to 1955 Lao bees looy francois's great-granddaughter joined the family Venture bringing her distinct vision and commitment to Excellence from 1974 to 1992 she co-managed the domain de laan Conti alongside oer de ven laloo dedicated herself to studying burgundy's terroir amassing an encyclopedic knowledge that would redefine wine making standards in 1988 Lalu bees Leroy faced a challenge finding wines that met her exacting standards her solution expanding Mason ly's Vineyard Holdings she acquired in 1988 and 1989 the esteemed Estates of Charles noela in Von Roman and Philip Remy in jeev chambertin marking the birth of domain looy to finance this expansion she sold shares of mas and looy to the Japanese luxury department store takashimaya this strategic move ensured that domain ly's Koto bouron Rouge and Blanc would be exclusively sold in Japan from the beginning domain Leroy embraced biodynamic farming a holistic approach viewing nature as an interconnected system laloo immediately ceased using synthetic chemicals cultivating The Vineyards with natural methods domain Leroy is renowned for its ridiculously low yields often around 16 hecto liers per hectar thanks to severe pruning and crop thinning L's refusal to replant entire Vineyards instead replacing individual Vines preserves the heritage of Ancient Vines in the cellar there's no wine maker or enologist the grapes sorted rigorously speak for themselves the wines are matured in new barrels from kadus and franois frer embodying laloo's philosophy that the wine makes itself laloo's perfectionism didn't go unnoticed in 1990 Robert Parker praised domain looy for its dedication to burgundy tradition and unmatched aging potential with just over 21 hectar of Vineyards including nine grand creu and eight premier's creu domain ly's wines are highly sought after the limited production means these wines are a collector's dream disappearing into private sellers upon release the wines Allure is not only in current offerings but also in historical vintages thanks to L's practice of re-releasing older wines Lalu bees looy often called the queen of burgundy has crafted some of the most coveted wine mind in the world challenging even the legacy of domain de la Roman Conti her Innovation dedication and passion continue to inspire the world of Fine Wines to L B looy and domain looy thank you for joining us on this journey don't forget to like subscribe and share this video cheers and see you next time on Sip and nun talk

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThreeFiddyChannel: Another AI voiced click bait vid

- A Taste That’s Eternal — The Legendary Wines of Robert Drouhin: Kind: captions Language: en we're in sellers of drama in the center of the Burgundian wind rain boner is obviously throughout the centuries the place where the great wines of Burgundy have been sold and therefore it has a history of people who really understand why I understand the trade it is a fascinating viticultural region of the most extraordinary vineyards [Music] the house of Drew has been in existence since 1880 the hard truth is here embalming it was a very special surprise when I first heard about drawing that he might have some on the wines from his personal that he would like other people to enjoy so si I don't think really one could have imagined before we came here and saw them exactly what there was in this jewel box of our personal cell phone this is because from 1928 through to the early 60s dryer was the sole distributor for the wives of the men demand equality for France and for Belgium we're looking at four important decades a little from the 1930s but then majoring on the 1940s 1950s 1960s and these are great decades with some extraordinary vintages and years and historic landmarks in the wine world the demand alone romanée-conti is the most famous estate in Burgundy algebra it's the master famous has stayed anywhere in the world combines of course extraordinary quality fascinating facets of taste with being very limited in quantity unhappily but that sightings in this extraordinary personal seller there are the five different vineyards of the Menominee culture issues or girls issues or a wonderful range of the great rich Ward and then the to repeat gems that - and Hawaii County itself what you're looking at with his demeanor or any country wines which are made in such more new quantities is some of the most famous vintages mythical words to be able to see in one part of this special seller 1945 let - and then you see 1945 hominy County both of which stuff of dreams are made of these then you have this wonderful heart formulas like 1947 and 1959 the wines have a richness term which comes from their Clement climate when you open a great ol bottle of these legendary you almost have to wait for them to talk to you you haven't got huge power flown fruit coming at you what you've got is myriad different flavors and complexity from sandalwood smokiness assertive dried fruits you got all that as a sensation in your mouth and then when you have followed them that taste that's left in your mouth is almost eternal I think it's almost unheard of that a seller of such treasures can become available to anyone in the world who happens to be passionate about fine wine because there really is no normal opportunity to get these wines it's an enormous privilege to be the intermediary here between the family and the people who eventually own and I hope drink these wines with a nearest and dearest because you will be giving anyone who has the opportunity to share a memory of the lifetime you

  Top Comments:
  1. @flashladderacrobat [11 likes]: I love good wine, but sometimes I wonder if in the future people will think how crazy we were to pay upwards of $40,000 a bottle, that's $5700.- a glass! Just  like we think how crazy the Dutch were during the tulip mania in the early 17th century.
  2. @stigbredsgaard1042 [6 likes]: Brilliant move to make the music so loud, one couldn't hear Serena.

Apart from that, it was very good.
  3. @plapoytasplapi1013 [6 likes]: I d rather have a pepsi
  4. @dmr11235 [5 likes]: I love her, she’s got the perfect vibe to be announcing this sale
  5. @spectator1996 [5 likes]: “Available to anyone in the world who happens to be passionate about fine wine”—well, maybe not just anyone
  6. @artisticsyko [2 likes]: Glorious!
  7. @alexreyna1508 [1 likes]: Back in '81 I bought Andre Simon's Wines of the World and Serena Sutcliffe was the editor on that book or maybe she co-wrote it or something, I've always seen her name but never, ever thought to look her up on google or youtube so when I saw this video with her name on it I recognized her immediately, she seems like a charming person, it would have been awesome to have met Andre himself. Elon doesn't care too much about keeping material things, that's cool, but if I were even a millionaire I think I'd go from chateau to chateau, vineyard to vineyard seeing if I could either buy or pay for a taste here and there, that would be fun, imagine winning as much as you could at all of the auctions, WOW!!
  8. @zjkingsley7 [1 likes]: "Beaune is the place where all the great wines of Burgundy have been sown"....  Now take a look at this collection of DRCs
  9. @jerzystruczak782: she is so sexy    who show DRC when it is drouhin!?    i lov drouhin montrachet most of 5/6 others    NA ZDROVIE
  10. @guitar911rock: i wish sothebys didnt take down the site for results. these wines have easilty doubled if not tripled from this sale i'm sure of it
  11. @kristiannelson1851: I have just come across this.  And man, is this an exquisite video!  Very well done!  Burgundy can use this as tourism video as well.
  12. @Juniper-v4i: Hype
  13. @adyb.2357: ❤
  14. @apsetiadi: Legendary wines as presented by an Upper RP lady. Nothing could be more appropriate.
  15. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫
  16. @naturalherbaloil2796: 🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫🍷🔥💫
  17. @ronmcmartin4513: @0:30--"People who really understand the Trade" ...And for those who don't? Well, you just don't understand it. 
"What's the best wine you've ever sold?" ..."The wine that we're selling Today!" The Mantra of Burgundy.
  18. @Jsanc2075: Incredible. I'm absolutely blown away.
  19. @PauloAlmasFashionDesignerStyle: Incredible fabulous
  20. @jan-paulschladitz9059: First

- Leroy: Kind: captions Language: en We are in France, we are in Burgundy, in the heart of the Burgundy wine-growing region, in Clot, what is behind us is the Clot castle, which has been around for hundreds of years. We are with Riccardo Lombardi, who is the expert on wines for the Gambero Rosso of France, and in particular on Burgundy wines. They are so unique and have strong characteristics. You just have to cross the road or jump over that little wall and the wine is completely different. You go a few meters and the vineyards change and the wine changes and the characteristics of the wine absolutely change. Today we have the rare opportunity to visit one of the most legendary figures here in Burgundy, perhaps the doyenne of the world's wine producers, namely Madame Lalou bis, who goes by Madame Ler. Yes, Madame Leris certainly has the most prestigious vineyards in Burgundy, and today we will taste Rich buur Cla deella Roche and the legendary Clot, which was made famous by the Benedictine monks of the Middle Ages. Well, exactly three Vinelli. Let's go and see what an absolute legend there is that she is able to recognize a vineyard even just by looking at it. tasting the grapes from which it is made, this is true Mamei naturel Moi je mce de faire passer le plus de Fruits dans dans le vin parce que il y a Pas de vin sans Fruit et dans le dans le raisin on pressent absolument le vin donc c'est normal que d'après un raisin reconnaisse aussi la terre et le cru few words What is your philosophy in the production of wine what would the V say C'est la vie et que on doit amener Des forces de vie à la terre à la plante et c'est Comme que on Aura Des Vins très vivants Mon idée à moi c'est que le vin est d'origine cosmique Go Mati du Monde wine is increasingly losing its cultural identity it tends to become a coca-cola a consumer drink Mad What is the contribution of Borgna inesp la b r pour lutter contre this standardization don't you speak to me that seems to be a fundamental rule insistent on the originality of the terroir that is a different origin for Sol une Vigne and that will remain faithful to the indigenous wines that raisin a sa levure and that's where the wine is transformed and here Don't be a vin parfaitement Different types of characters remain faithful and attached to all forces

  Top Comments:
  1. @BestYear2016 [1 likes]: Legendary wine producer

- Last bottles by legendary winemaker Henri Jayer on sale: Kind: captions Language: en considered the king of Pinot Noir by his admirers on rajaiah was acclaimed as an exceptional wine grower his vintages are among the world's most expensive and on the 17th of June and Geneva his last bottles go under the hammer city like I've gotten a noisy it was only Jays personal cellar these wines have never moved from all EJ's estate his daughters inherited a piece of French heritage you could say and they've decided to share this heritage with people who want to continue to discover all EJ's wines arisia is reputation began to skyrocket in the late 70s his bottles ranked among the best in the world he came up with a wine aesthetic that corresponding to a paradigm shift in people's tastes those who were often disappointed by Burgundy and when they tasted all his eighth wines they said wow it's so good you have all the grace of Pinot all the delicacy structure and aromatic finesse he had done everything to preserve that so in total 855 bottles and 209 magnums will be put up for sale prices range from two thousand seven hundred euros for a bottle of nuissance or ninety seven to 240,000 euros for a set of 15 magnums from the wine growers favorite plot called param2 prices that are in line with market conditions but have surprised some specialists yarn if it's big there is an undeniable effect in speculation in collecting in heritage having lief love vestiges of heritage the relic side of things and if I have to give advice I'd say if you want to take little risk and you again then go ahead I don't know if the game is really worth it it's you who will see because it is you who will open the bottle each of these precious bottles will be protected by a specific seal guaranteeing the origin and authenticity of his contents this should reassure American Asian and European collectors competing for the last treasures of the so-called master of Burgundy

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyblue1101: So why is this “cat” (and marvelous vigneron) so uncelebrated outside of France? He was an authentic wizard in the vineyard, who mainly stuck to the basics it seems. Too bad the cost of his wines are simply way beyond the reach of most inhabitants on the planet.

- The Wine Clip: How to Score a GREAT Deal on a Bottle of Wine - A Guide to Wine Auctions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey what's up Wayne Spears Indiana Macross it here at some vivant and I'm here in my office ie the wine cellar Press restaurant in Napa Valley where I'm the wine director fine wine online and an option or an option in person is one of the best ways to score great deal at a bottle of wine and find really unique things that you have a hard time finding otherwise as the curator of all things wine here at the restaurant I've definitely done my fair share of buying wine from auction from collectors and learning the ins and outs of buying these wines secondhand there's a lot of value to be had here and there's a lot of great deals to score but it's important that you know the ins and outs of the auction process and what to look for when you're deciding whether to make that big I'm here to break a few things down for you and make it a little bit easier to understand and to make sure that you get that perfect bottle of wine there is nothing more exhilarating than an auction it just gets your heart going you're very excited and as that clock ticks down you start to wondering am I gonna get the bottle I mean am I gonna get it at the price that I wanted it I love using types like wine vidcom K&L wines and of course some of the more classic like bottoms and Sotheby's that exists all around the country and offer some of their auction items online as well as in person so how does one approach the wine auction circuit well first things first I think it's always easiest to start online that's a little less intimidating than being there in person and it'll certainly allow you to make decisions that are in the comfort of your own home and not be persuaded by other people bidding against you in that room so let's start with the wine itself maybe you come across the bottle I'm really excited about maybe it's this 1975 Heights faith vineyard a really rare bottle a super cool bottle and you see it on auction and it looks like the right price but how do you know whether it's good well Providence is everything wines don't love to be moved around so much and they definitely love to be stored in perfect conditions meaning temperature controlled at about 60 degrees or lower with a little bit of humidity on their sides and of course away from the Sun the second we start moving blinds around is the second that quality can start to deteriorate so the first thing you're going to look for is how is this wine been stored the best two options are of course going to be either direct from the winery or from a professional wine storage facility subterranean cellars or refrigerated units are also great too but keep in mind that at times power can go out things can happen and the quality of the bottle could have been compromised so assess your conditions and assess what you're willing to risk the second thing you're going to assess is the fill level and what that means is the fill level the actual bottle you've got different variations of what that can be oxygen is a client's worst enemy and best friend too much of it is a bad thing but wines always want a little bit as why we have a cork in their corpse offer a little bit of oxygen exchange but we don't want too much or it speeds up the process and you turn the wine into the vinegar we can often detect how much oxygen stage has taken place by the level of wine that's in the actual bottle we call this foolish the higher the fill the more likely that bottle is going to be in good condition so what we're looking for is no lower than a top shoulder fill anything lower than that can indicate that the one could potentially be oxidized meaning it was exposed to more air than it should have been and potentially that being had a faulty quorum of Eros see pitch seepage is when the wine actually seeps out of the bottle and can indicate that the wine has been improperly stored seeing heat or had a faulty pork this is an example of a bottle that you don't want to be buying this is an example of a bottle that's at a very low fill the cork even fell in this is a bottle of wine that is most likely going to be nothing but vinegar this is a 1980 shook cellars Pinot Noir this bottle looks absolutely fantastic the field at the top of the base here it looks great that color looks great there's no signs of seepage the cork is not pushing which is another great indication this is what we consider absolutely premium and optimal for purchasing a wine after you've assessed whether or not the bottle is in good enough condition for you to make a bid on now you need to consider the price the price that you choose to bid is not going to be the final price of what you end up paying most wine option houses have what's called a premium a buyer's premium which is an additional percentage tacked on to the winning bid meaning if you purchased a bottle for $20 at auction your is going to likely be somewhere between a 15 and 20 percent premium tacked on to that factor in tax and shipping and you can have a much more expensive bottle than you intended on buying in the first place keep in mind that most wine option ocess will not accept a return for a faulty bottle be willing to take the risk and be willing to take the gamble but do your research ahead of time to mitigate what could possibly happen once that bottle arrives I've personally had a lot of luck with auctions but I've also had a few misses as well buying wine tomaten is not an exact science and you can definitely find yourself at a loss but by and large there's a lot of great deals and a lot of value to be had and a lot of fun bottles that you wouldn't normally be able to find normally at your own local wine shop or even at the winery thank you all so much for watching I hope you found this helpful and I will see you all again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @sanjaypatelmd4669: I love your job!
  2. @JackyBlisson: Great video. Very informative! Providence is definitely everything.

- Meet Steven Spurrier: The Man who Changed Wine Forever: Kind: captions Language: en Wine is made to be drunk, if not everyday, at least it should be part of your life. Stephen Spurrier is one of the legends of the industry. And everybody who comes into the wine trade, there are certain sort of key figures who stand out and Stephen is absolutely one of the top boys. Well, he's the top writer. And having a fun time. He's trying to make wine interesting. He writes for the consumer. I mean he's had enormous experience, as you know. It's great to be in the presence of somebody who can contextualize a sample of wine back across 30, 40, 50 years. He actually did more for California wines, for example, than anybody else I can think of. Steven has been, without question, one of the most influential people in the modern wine industry. The guy's a legend. My introduction to wine was through my grandfather, who had quite a good setup. One evening sticks in my mind. It was Christmas Eve, probably '54, when dinner came to an end, he said I think you're old enough to have a glass of Port. And so, he held the bottle up for me, I had a glass of Port and I tasted it and it was absolutely fantastic. So I said gosh grandpa, that's wonderful, what is it? Cobins 1908, my boy. And that was a flash and I already knew that was gonna be my profession. I taste maybe 50 to 60 wines a day. I mean, during the week, I'll certainly taste over 200 wines. Out of those 200 wines I might select three or four to write about in Decanter. Well he's a very good actual taster. He's had a huge amount of experience. We've tested together. And he and I have a very similar palate. Tasting is intelligent drinking. Tasting is paying attention. It's not that you might not enjoy the tastings. But it is not hedonistic. I brought my own camera crew. So these are some of the oldest win sellers in London. They go back about 450 years. Of course, there is a method of tasting. There's a sort of logic. First thing you'll do when you have a glass of wine is look at it. And the color is very important. That tells you quite a lot of things. And a nose is important, because it tells you an awful lot. And the taste just confirms what you've actually seen and tasted. So the next three wines are from the Vega Sicilia estate which is bang in the middle, in the best part of. And they're all 100% Tempranillo grape. He's always been good. He's a natural. I think you've gotta be born with a good sense of smell. But it's practice. You've got to taste, and taste, and taste, and make notes. That's lovely. I love the freshness and the crunch. One of the things that has always struck me, from tasting with him is the amount of experience that he's got. The amount of context that he can bring to every tasting of every sample of every wine is pretty breathtaking really. So the last wine of the Vega Sicilia range is the Vega Sicilia Unico. It's richly textured. You can only get that rich texture, that complexity of textures, from long maturation. This wine is approaching a work of art where the painter has been working on the canvas brush stroke by brush stroke to create a wine like that. Very complex wine. When you have a complex wine, you can't just get the bouquet right away, you have to keep on swirling it so that all the aromas impose themselves on your brain. And I can go to a week's tastings and not find a wine that I really want to write about because I've only got six wines a month to write about. But I've found two here. Great range of wines. As I understand it, he started in wine back in the '60s and moved to Paris. He was an English speaking figure in the Paris wine industry, which is obviously quite a rare thing. But he had an amazing shop over there called. Then next door he founded a wine school called Academy Duvan. Which was absolutely unheard of. An Englishman opening a wine school in Paris to teach the French about wine. And that, of course, made me well-known overnight. Wine school, that's when I had my mustache, my rather dreadful mustache. And that's my wine shop. And everyone wanted to talk about us. We were the flavor of the month. My wine school was in the middle of Paris and we were the only wine shop that spoke English. So California wine makers used to come to my shop and bring in their wines and I thought they were fabulous and well there was Prohibition in America in the 1930s, so the California wineries only got back on their feet in the 1940s. And they were a young industry. They were historically they were over 100 years old, but people had forgotten about them. And so these guys were making the best wine they possibly could, banging on doors to try and sell their wine, and finding it wasn't easy. I thought well why don't I do something about it. Why don't I try and get these wines recognized. And the only way to get unknown wines recognized is to have them tasted blind against the benchmark wines. And so that's what I did. The judgement at Paris was a tasting which Steven organized, which pitted the best white wines from Burgundy, and the best red wines from Bordeaux against pretenders to the throne from California in both colors. We invited the judges because by that time I was very well known, and I invited the nine best palates in France. Everyone was very happy to come and taste California wine because they'd never tasted it before. And when he put this tasting together, he expected the French wine to win. It was not even the guy who organized it could have conceived of what would go on to happen. We had ten wines in each category. I'd have been happy with a second and a fourth or even a third and a fifth. I would not have been happy if my California wines had all come in the bottom five. As it was, I got a first in both categories. The nine finest palettes in France voted Californian wines top and that was a huge scandal, huge scandal. And of course, he made his name in America through the Paris tasting because the French were appalled. I think the thing with the wine industry is it moves quite slowly. And so, we don't have that many of these seismic events that have taken place. It sort of wiped the slate clean and created a new situation for California wine specifically, but then more generally wines from Australia, and wines from Argentina and Chile and other places. And suddenly, the New World was a thing, and before that, it wasn't. And we're still definitely feeling the effects of that today. It's now an open game. An unknown wine can become known by going up against the benchmarks. Warren Winyatski, who's the owner Staggsley Wine Cellar, whose Cabernet Sauvignon beat Mouchon Rastio and El Brion, the following day, when the news came out, his telephone rang off the hook. East Coast people who wanted to buy his wine. And subsequently, eight years ago, he sold his winery for $185 million. For the French, it was the first chip in the wall of French supremacy. But also, it was a kick in the pants, because they'd been resting on their laurels. And five or ten years afterwards, everyone was saying, Steven that was a brilliant thing you did, the judgement of Paris. It really woke us up. Well here we are in the kitchen. When it's formal we go into the dining room. Maybe we have dinner parties once a month. This is the drawing room with a nice view out to the garden. Here we go upstairs. This is where I do all my work and on the walls, these are Francisco Goya's etchings of the bull fights. Okay, one of the reasons we bought this house, personally for me, is the wine cellar. You've got to watch your head as you go down, the stairs are very steep. I've got about three and half thousand bottles of wine down here. This is all Bordeaux, this is all what Mr. Fletcher was Clairot. The oldest bottle I have is a 1978 Chateau Otre Vie, San Julian. The rule of thumb with wine is if you buy a case, because most wines are sold in cases of 12, you drink the first three bottles before they're ready. If you're lucky, you'll drink the next six bottles at their peak, say, a ten year peak. And then, you might drink the last three bottles on the decline. Even if it's past it's best, it's always got something. Because I buy all these wines to drink, there's no investment. I don't like paying more than, say, 50 pounds a bottle, which is already quite a lot from most people's point of view. This is an investment in pleasure. It's something that one shares, wine is all about sharing. I don't expect people to understand how wine is made or to know a great deal about it. The main thing is it's to drink, not to talk about, not to lecture about. You lecture about it to learn about it. But it has to be drunk. And of course, he actually knows more about wine now than I. I think I've forgotten as much as he's learned. And of course he has a vineyard, which is extremely bold. If you want to lose money, plant a vineyard and make wine. It's a long haul and extremely expensive. Fortunately, he's quite well off. So that's Pride Valet. This is our very first vintage. It was picked two weeks after my 70th birthday, and we only made 490 bottles, and we've sold it all. I've got two left. But anyway, as English sparkly wine, this is mostly Chardonnay. In the vineyard with have 55% chardonnay, 25% Pinot Noir, and 20% Pinot Meunier, those are all the classic champagne grapes. This is Chardonnay, part of the original planting in 2009. A very, very good vineyard, facing west. Up there is Pinot Menunier, Pinot Noir also 2009. So that bit and this bit were our first planting. In '87 I saw there was a lot of chalk even on the surface. So, I took a little block of chalk back to Paris where I worked and showed it to a friend of mine who was working with me. And I said, where do you think that's from? And he said well, Champagne of course. I said no it's not, it's from Dorset. He said well, you should plant a vineyard. And so that's really where the idea started. Up by the vineyards, past the sheep, you can see that line of chalk. And you can see we only have that much topsoil, and the rest is chalk. This is why we really like champagne. This is the winery. He does everything, and it's safe to say that had not been here, I wouldn't have planted the vineyard, because I had no intention of ever building a winery. Ian, good to see you. Good to see you. Making Steven's wine. Slightly intimidating perhaps as well. Yeah, I'm very please to have the opportunity. Good God. I was here about a month and half ago and this was completely cloudy. Gosh. Pretty good. Comparing this to the first vintage we made, '11, It's much bigger, which is good to a certain point because it's more robust. But also, you need to retain that freshness. And that has a freshness now, very good. Having been in the wine trade all my life for me it's a culmination. I've kind of completed the circle, having begun by being a wine merchant, selling wine, and a wine taster, this is an area of wine that I'd never thought of going into. If I can produce a wine which my colleagues on the wine writing side and on the wine retailing side enjoy and will appreciate and buy, then I've succeeded. Equally important, if I can produce a wine which I like,

  Top Comments:
  1. @LauraFVC [3 likes]: I loved when he said that he never pays more than £50 for a bottle of wine ❤❤❤❤ I thought people at that level were only drinking REALLY expensive wines,  I'm glad he proved me wrong ❤
  2. @AnthonyHernandez-yo1xr [2 likes]: Dude spits like a master.
  3. @csburg01 [1 likes]: The ol ball coach!
  4. @makke_ [1 likes]: The way he said “pretty good 🥴” after tasting his own wine… 😅 Hope they’ll continue and create some great sparkling wines in his memory.
  5. @umrethsanno [1 likes]: A gentleman! Great person
  6. @thomasr9149: Good god, spitting out the vega sicilia unico! 😮
  7. @LoudounDemocrat: He needs to see L’Tour D’Argent in Paris.
  8. @Atilla-m9i: Spitting wine out is disgusting.
  9. @p.g.3806: Love the crunch. (??)
  10. @jerzystruczak782: he should have gotten SIR    so many mediocre actors/singers did     hugh johnsons deserves it too, ya shitty highnesses!!
  11. @nicklaskowalski: RIP - a wonderful man whom I had the luck to lunch with at The Greenhouse once. New World wines owe him a lot.
  12. @matthewgabbard6415: The Brits love the Judgement of Paris because it stuck it right up the France’s ass. They love and hate the French
  13. @zackwalker1721: there's two talking heads in this (very good) documentary who are sitting side y side in someone's living room, and only one of the two of them ever speaks. THe documentarians clearly felt that only one of these two gentleman said anything worth saying, and that's why only one of them says a word in the video. These choices happen, but why not crop the voiceless guy out to not call attention to this.
  14. @brandonchavez6315: Whose apartment was that in the opening? Lol
  15. @keavy2163: Why spit .. 😅 pls educate me
  16. @westgarthwines: An incredible character he was!
  17. @user-kj1mp9eo9v: Stupid
  18. @MrKinghuman: rich kid, makes wine pretentious. like most other rich kids make other things pretentious. bc they have nothing else to do. so now a 30 dollar bottle costs 500. thats all i saw in this video.
  19. @stickeyyyy: RIP Steven Spurrier
  20. @IvanPavlov: 10:46 “I don’t like paying more than, say, £50 a bottle” proceeds to show a 2005 Viñedo Chadwick, a chilean wine that it’s sold for around £450 (source: I’m chilean and I know that wine).

- Les dernières bouteilles d'Henri Jayer en vente à Genève: Kind: captions Language: en He was considered an exceptional winemaker, Henri Jayer, nicknamed the King of Burgundy or the Master of Pinot Noir by his admirers. His vintages are among the most expensive in the world, and on June 17th, in the hills above Geneva, the last bottles from this winemaker, beloved by connoisseurs of fine wines, will be auctioned. It was Jayer's personal cellar; he never really left the estate. No, Jayer's daughters invited those involved in this heritage—it's a French heritage, one could say—and they decided to share this heritage with people who want to continue discovering wines of origin. The golden legend of Jayer was forged from the late 1970s onwards. The value of his bottles skyrocketed to new heights. He arrived with a wine aesthetic that, in a way, corresponded to a paradigm shift in the tastes of people who were often disappointed by Burgundy, and when they tasted his wines, it was like his cash register was jammed. What is it, you and all the grace of the Pineau, all the delicacy, the structure, the aromatic finesse? He had done everything to preserve it. In total, 855 bottles and 209 magnums will be put up for sale in lots. The starting prices range from 2,700 euros for a bottle of 1997 Nuits-Saint-Georges to 240,000 euros for a set of fifteen magnums from the winemaker's favorite plot, Le Cros Parents. The entire collection is estimated at between 5 and 7 and 11 million euros, prices in line with the state of the market, but which surprise some specialists. There is an undeniable speculative effect, and it had become a heritage collection, the last vestige of heritage. The side is a bit like what Paul X is supposed to give advice on Thursday. Even if you want to take a risk, since there are players, go ahead. I don't know if the game is totally worth it. It's you who wouldn't see it. It's you who would open each of these precious bottles. The bottles will be protected by a special seal guaranteeing the origin and authenticity of their contents, which should reassure American, Asian, and European collectors, who will undoubtedly be numerous on June 17th, coming to bid on the last treasures of the Burgundian master.

  Top Comments:
  1. @quanah3184 [2 likes]: Toute la bêtise des buveurs d’étiquettes, collectionneurs de vins et spéculateurs... je ne suis pas sûr que M. Jayer aurait apprécié de voir cela, il faisait du vin pour le plaisir des gens qui au moins le buvait.
  2. @johna5164: Les gens qui achètent peuvent le boire la plus part du temps

- Burgundy: A Beginner Collector's Guide 🍷: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, welcome. I'm John and today we're talking about Burgundy, specifically for somebody trying to build a real collection. These aren't bottles that you're just drinking. I'm reviewing wines for the market. I'm not reviewing wines that I love. Now, you need to really understand something about Burgundy. It's just complicated in a way that Bordeaux just isn't. In Bordeaux, you learn the first growths, the five estates, and that's really it. Maybe the second gross. In Burgundy, there's 33 Grand Crew vineyards. Some have 80 different owners. It's the same dirt. It's the same varietals. We're talking about pon Noir for reds and Chardonnay for whites. But the reason for this difference is kind of simple. So, Bordeaux classified producers and Burgundy classified land. So this is just fundamentally different. So when you're putting money into wine, the wine that you're going to have for years and decades, you just have to understand the difference. In Burgundy, the vineyard isn't enough. You also need to know who made it. We're going to cover the classification, why producers matter, and what the investment landscape looks like. But we're talking about a place that costs real money. There are other videos on Bordeaux and Champagne and other French regions, but this is the video where I really botch the language. So, to my French friends, I totally apologize to my English-speaking friends. Don't try this at home. Now, I also know that this is like packing a ton of information into a short video, and it's not meant to be intimidating. It It's really just meant to rattle off the investment level collectibles and give you some context. So, drop your questions in the comments and tell me what interests you most about Burgundy. That's a big windup, but from Pod Shop Studios in Old London, let's get into it. So, first to understand why Burgundy works the way it does, let's go back 900 years to the monks. 910 AD, Benedicting monks established the Abbey of Clooney in southern Burgundy. This became some of the first major vineyards in the region partly because nobility kept donating land to the church. The thinking was straightforward. Give your monks the best vineyard and then you improve your odds on judgment day. But it was the cistersians who changed everything. The cistersian order was founded in 1098 at the abbey of sito. What happened is that they broke away from the benedictings. They kind of thought that the Benedictings had gotten a little bit too comfortable and were using money from the church for their own luxury. And the cistersians took vows of poverty and they believed that this hard work would bring them closer to God. So now why does this matter to us? They kept meticulous records. They noticed that different plots of land, even plots of land right next to each other, produced different types of consistency. year after year, same grapes, same wine maker, but different results. And they started mapping those differences. They called the individual plots clea and they built walls around the best wands to protect them. Those are called clo. So the most famous project Clo de Vujo. So they started acquiring this land around 11:09. And by 1336, they'd completed the walls around what is still Burgundy's largest enclosed vineyard. It's about 125 acres. But here's the important part. For about 500 years, Clo de Vujo was run as a single property. The monks made the wine from different sections and then blended them together. Then came the French Revolution. In 1789, the state seized the church properties. Vineyards that monks had cultivated for centuries were auctioned off. Lo Vujo stayed intact for a while. The Uvar family owned it through most of the 1800s, but in 1889 it was sold to six wine merchants and then inheritance laws kicked in. The Napoleonic code was established in 1804 and it required that land be divided equally among all heirs. So generation after generation, these vineyards got subdivided and subdivided again. So today, Clo de Vujo has 80 different owners. Some own just a few rows of wines, and maybe it's enough to make a case or two of wine per year. And this is why Burgundy is so fragmented. It's not by design. It's just 200 years of inheritance laws. Here's where it gets interesting for collectors. In 1855, same year that Bordeaux created its very famous classification, a scientist named Jeul Laval published a book was called history and statistics of the vine and great wines of the Kotur. Laval mapped every single vineyard from Satine to Dejon and he classified those pieces of land into tiers. The tete kuet is at the top. Then premier kuet. Then dm ku and then kouet. The top, the first, the second, and the third. But here's the critical difference from Bordeaux. So Lava wasn't ranking estates based on their price or their reputation. He was just like ranking land and it was based on what it produced. And his top tier, the Tetu, became the basis for what we now know as the ground crew. his second tier became the premier crew. And so when the French government created the official AOC classification in 1936, they went to Laval's work and they used that as the foundation. So it's 170 years later. These rankings still hold up. Roman Conte was Tetu number one in 1855. It is still the most expensive in the world. And the monks knew what they were doing. Laval just proved it. All right, let's talk about how the classification actually works. If you're going to collect burgundy, you need to understand this. There are four levels. It just basically forms a pyramid. So, let's start at the bottom. These are regional appellations. About 50% of all Burgundy is produced here. And the label is going to say something like Borgonia or Cremont de Borggonia or Macon. These can come from grapes grown anywhere in the region. These are going to be cheaper, $15 to $40, and they're meant to be drunk young, and that's not what we're talking about today. The next level up is the village appellations, and this is about 37% of the production. And so these come from productions around a specific village. The label might say Jere Shambert or Vos Roman or Merso. There's no vineyard name, just the village. In French, we call this vage wines because that is the French word for village. These prices range from like $30 to $150 or more. And by the way, some of these are excellent. So for certain top producers, even village level wines can be worth collecting. Next up, Prome Crew. So about 10% of production, 640 designated premier crew vineyards. And the label is going to show the village name plus the vineyard name and plus it'll say premier crew or one er first crew. So you might see Jeare Shambert Clo Sanjac premier crew. Now something important some premier crews are grand crews in everything but name. Cloan Jacques in Je Shambertton Lamuru Rouge in Shambo Muz Cro Paratu in Vos Roman and that's the vineyard of Andre Jay which he made famous. So these wines are going to cost as much or more than some Grand Crews and they can absolutely be investment worthy. And then finally at the top we have the Grand Crew which is 2% of the total production. There's about 550 hectares all across Burgundy and there's only 33 vineyards. Here's how you tell on the label. Grand crew vineyards show only the vineyard name, no village. If it says Shambertan, that's a Grand Crew. The vineyard name just stands alone. All right, here's a concept that trips people up and I'm going to just use it to tell you something about Burgundy. In Bordeaux, if you buy a Chateau Leafit, you know exactly what you're getting. You're getting this one producer with one wine with a consistent style. In Burgundy, a single Grand Crew vineyard can have dozens of owners. Shambertton is one of the most famous Grand Crews is divided amongst a few. For example, it has Domain Arman Rouso, it has Domain Laro, it has Domain Trape, and there's others, too. They're doing is they're making wine from the same vineyards, but the wines are just not the same. The prices aren't the same, the quality isn't the same, the collectibility is different. Burgundy, you're going to need two pieces of information. First, you need to know the vineyard, and then you need to know the producer. So, write this down. Vineyard plus producer. And that's how you identify a Burgundy. Now, there's one exception. It is called a monopole when one producer owns the entire vineyard outright. By the way, it's just a French word. It means monopoly. Roman Kanti is a monopole. Latash is a monopole. Clode tart is a monopole. But these are kind of rare. And by the way, they end up usually being the most valuable wines. They trade at the significant premium because you don't actually have to worry about producer variation. All right, let's talk about what you actually need to know. The vineyards and producers that actually matter for collectors. I'm starting with the vineyard at the absolute top which is Roman Conti. This is a 1.8 hector plot in Vos Roman. It's about 4 and a half acres and if you think about it, it's like 5,000 bottles per year. It's owned entirely by Domain de Roman Conti DRC. It's a monopole. This one producer owns all of that land. In 2018, a single bottle of 1945 Roman Conti sold at Sibies for 558,000. It was a world record for a bottle of wine at an auction. And the second bottle from that same lot sold for 496,000. So it wasn't a fluke. And by the way, why why 1945? So this is actually the last vintage from the original preuer of vines plus the end of the Second World War. And after this 1945 harvest, they pulled out all the old vines and replanted, and only 600 bottles were ever made. Most are long gone. A current vintage maybe $25,000 at retail, if you can even find it. But DRC just isn't Roman Conte. The domain has holdings in eight Grand Crew vineyards. Roman Conte Latash are their monoples, but they also have a rishbore, a Roman sanon aso, a grand aszo, a corton, and a mantra. Every wine that DRC makes is a grand crew though. These are the benchmarks. If you're building a serious burgundy collection, DRC is going to be part of that conversation. But to be clear, DRC isn't the only name you need to know. You need to know Enri Jay. He's a legend. Like literally, he died in 2006 and his wines have become kind of mythical. He pioneered what is now standard in in Burgundy. So there's a cold soak masseration before fermentation, complete disteming, no filtration. But his real legacy is the premier vineyard that is called Crow Panatu. When Jaire acquired it in 1950s, it was just artichokes. It was considered worthless for wine. He had it cleared by hand, literally like with a wheelbarrow, and turned it into one of the most sought-after vineyards in the world. It's not even a Grand Crew. The bottles regularly sell for more than actual Grand Crews. Though, to be clear, in 2018, the remaining bottles from Jaier's personal seller went to auction and the sale was 34.7 million. is the largest single wine auction in history. And for example, a wine faucet from his seller, which they thought could get a hundred bucks, got $3,000. Now, his wines are no longer in production, but his nephew, Emanuel Ruer, continues working in the vineyards. Anything with Andre Jaair's name on it is now a collector's item, and the prices reflect that. But don't sleep on Ruer. He learned from his uncle. He took over the production and any jaair you drink from the last 40 years has his fingerprints on it or even his name and he's been producing off the same lands using these methods and he's been doing this now for decades. Other producers that you are just going to need to learn and have to know their names. Domain Luwa Lu Biz Luwa was co-director of DRC until 1992. She was the pioneer of biodnamic viticulture and her wines from Muzani and other grand crews are amongst the most expensive in the world. Domain Arman Rouso the premier producer in Chevre Shambertton. This topped the list of liv 100 in 2019 in their Shambert and Shamberte Clo dez are benchmarks domain gorge dev. They own about 70% of the mane grand crew and their mann via venu. These are called old vines. Vier vignet. It's just legendary. And then there's some rising producers that are just seriously worth watching. Domain Udelo Noela, Domain Forier, Domain Mayo Camuz, Domain Djac. These aren't budget wines, but they're more accessible than DRC, and they've been showing some real strong appreciation. Here's a key point. In Burgundy, the producer reputation is everything. In the same Grand Crew vineyard, two different producers can be a 10x price difference. So, you're not just buying land, you're buying the person who farmed it and then made the wine. All right, let's talk numbers. If you're thinking about Burgundy as part of your collection, you should understand the market. The Livx Burgundy 150 index tracks prices throughout most traded Burgundy wines. Since inception, it's up 650%. So that makes Burgundy the best performing wine region for investment, which outperforms Bordeaux, Italy, Champagne, and everything. In 2022, the index hit an all-time high. Now, there's been a pullback ever since with a slight uptake at the end of 2025. During 2023 and 24 post pandemic, most collectibles including wine went down, but the long-term return has been pretty strong. So, let me give you an example. A DRC Roman Conte from the 1990 vintage is up 3,000% in the last in the last 20 years. Begs the question, why does Burgundy outperform? Well, first is just structural scarcity. So, you can't plant more than one Grand Crew vineyard. boundaries were set up centuries ago. So there's not going to be any more Roman ae or more Shambertton in Bordeaux. Estates buy adjacent land or Napa. You get new vineyards planted every year. Second reason is a tiny production. DRC Roman Aanti is 450 cases a year. Chateau Lefit makes 20,000. It's like 40 to1. When demand increases, there's almost no supply elasticity. Third, global demand, the Asia market, particularly Hong Kong and Japan, have had enormous growth in Burgundy prices, and these are the collectors who just want the best and they're willing to pay for it. Fourth, fragmented ownership. The vineyards are just split amongst so many producers that no single seller can flood the market. This is just structurally different than Bordeaux where a Chateau can release its library stock, for example. for collectors. Here's how I like to think about it in terms of investment tiers. At your top tier, you're going to have museum pieces. So, this is your DRC, Roman Conti, Latash Anre, Jaier, anything. These are going to be like $25,000 more or less per bottle or more. These are just trophy wines and they appreciate, but this entry level is like super high and your liquidity can be a little bit tricky. The next tier is kind of premier collectible. These are DRC's lesser wines. The DRC Ashzo, the Grand Echo, Arman Rouso, Shambbertan, Lewis, Grand Cruz, Vogue, Musani, Vignet. These are like $500,5,000 a bottle. And this is like where serious collectors actually focus usually. Then you have your entry level wines. So these are the top producers, Premier Cruise or Rising Producers, Grand Crews. These are up to about $500 a bottle, but you're buying quality from respected names, but there's some room for growth. What is it that's driving these values? Well, one is the producer reputation. So, remember, same vineyard, different producer, completely different prices. Learn the names of the producers. Vintage is super important. Great vintages 2005, 9, 10, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20, and the challenging vintages 2011, 13, 21, 2004. The market has a long memory and the weaker vintages are going to trade at a discount. Your provenence is super important. It is just super important, even more so than Bordeaux. Pino Noir is delicate. It's temperature sensitive. A bottle stored improperly won't just taste worse. It will be completely destroyed. You need documentation. Exceller professional storage that gets a premium. Condition matters. The OWC's, the original wooden cases are preferred. Magnums age better and those are actually more valuable per unit. Label condition matters, especially for older vintages. By the way, one more thing on investment in burgundy. Counterfeit problem. Burgundy is heavily faked. DRC and Jire especially. Remember I told you about that 1945 DRC that went for 558,000. 600 bottles were made but thousands have been sold. Think about that. Buy only from impeccable sources. You need established auction houses, retailers with documented provenence. And by the way, if the deal looks too good to be true, it probably is. So, do you need to actually buy this these Grand Cruise? And the answer is probably not. So if you're just starting your collection, you just don't need to do this. And at 300 bucks, $25,000 per bottle, the capital is just significant. Burgundy's appeal is its subtlety. So the difference between a great Jev Shambertton and a great Shambo Mini is just nuanced. And so you need experience. You need reps. If your pallet is still developing, you're just not going to get the full value out of a $500 bottles of wine. You just get way more out of 10 bottles at $50 a bottle. When does this start making sense? Scenario one, it's a milestone bottle. You want one bottle from a significant year, your birth year, your wedding year, something that's meaningful. You're going to sell it for a decade or more. In that case, a single bottle from a respected producer makes sense. It's not really an investment play. It's just personal. So scenario two, you want to experience the benchmark, not to collect, but just to understand. My advice, find a restaurant or a wine bar with a strong by the glass program. They use a Coravan and they will be able to extract just a small taste for you. spending several hundreds of dollars on a tasting glass of DRC. Then you could feel what everybody is chasing and then you only have to do that one time. Scenario three, you're committing to a long-term investment position. You have $5,000, $10,000 that you can allocate to a wine that you're not going to touch for a decade. You're buying the original wooden cases. You're storing it professionally. You're documenting everything. That's legitimate. Burgundy has the track record to support it. But assuming none of those things apply, here's what I recommend. Start with village wines from top producers. Jee Shambert Village from Arman Rouso, Vosn Roman Village from Mayo Kazume. These are 70 80 $150 maximum wines and they're excellent and they're going to teach you about the Burgundy terois and what it actually tastes like. And then look for premier crews from rising producers. So I mentioned them earlier but Uralo Noel la do forier domain san kater $150 $300 maximum and these have strong appreciation and these are quality without that kind of prestige premium and then start exploring the value region. Coach Shalines, Jri, Mercury, Rui, they make the serious pino and a Chardonnay at a fraction of the price of the neighboring Cotto prices. Um, San Vyron, Epuier, Fouse for whites. These aren't investment wines, but they're just great drinking and they're really good for learning. The point is, you just don't need to spend $500 to understand Burgundy. Just taste widely, learn the differences, and all those big purchases could come later. All right, let's just say that you're ready to buy. Here's how to do it. If you're buying to drink and learn, go to reputable retailers with proper wine storage. Canal Wines, Berry Brothers, Rudd, they opened a US store in 2025. Local wine shops with temperature controlled sellers. Look for recent vintages from the producers we talked about. Don't overthink this. If you're buying to collect or to invest, these rules are just going to be different. Okay, here's your first rule. You're going to buy original wooden cases. These will be designated as OWC. And when you go to resell, the buyers are going to want to know that the bottles haven't been handled. So, a six-pack in OWC, untouched, is worth way more than six loose bottles of the same wine. Rule two, professional storage from day one. 55° Fahrenheit, 70% humidity, no vibration, no light. And if you're storing this stuff at home, you just really need a proper wine fridge or seller. You do do not put these in a kitchen rack. Please use a professional facility if you're serious. There are a number of companies. Woo, uh, Vinfolio and others will help you hold the wine in ideal conditions, and they'll maintain the chain of custody. Rule three, document everything. You want your receipts, you want your storage records, you want your temperature logs. The value of your Burgundy is directly tied to provenence. And so if you can't prove where the bottle has been, its value is just going to drop. Rule four, think in 5, 10, 15, 20 year horizons. Burgundies reward patience. You're just not going to be able to flip it in a year. Rule five, great vintages plus top producers is the formula. Don't chase obscure vintages or unknown producers if you're just doing this for investment. Where to buy? Auction houses are actually the premier market for rare burgundy. So, Sabes, Christies, Heritage, Aker, Maryland, Condit. The advantage is the access to older vintages and verified provenence. The downside is you are going to pay buyers premium and there could be some competition. uh specialist retailers like Berry Brothers and Rudd and Far and Fine and Rare and these are merchants who deal in investment grade wines and they can help you build up your position over time. Impremu is buying futures and that does exist in Burgundy but it's a little trickier than Bordeaux. Your allocations are super tiny and you need a relationship with a specific importer or retailer to access them. Here's some red flags. Your prices are just significantly below market. So if somebody's selling you a Roman nonte for 30% under retail, something is wrong. Unknown storage history. My grandfather kept these in the basement is not provenence. Private sales without documentation. If there's not paperwork, just walk away. Check fill levels. Look for low fill levels or damaged labels. That is actually something that's super important in Burgundy. And be careful with anybody who claims to have large quantities. DRC makes 450 cases or Roman Conte a year. So if somebody has a full case just sitting around, you've got some questions to ask. Here's why this all matters. Even if you never buy a Grand Crew Burgundy, understanding this system tells you how to think about wine quality. The monks figured this out like in the year 900 that the land matters and Laval proved it in 1855. And by the way, the market is validating this every day. This framework the Chiwah that creates consistent replicable quality clamat has influenced other wine regions around the world. Look at Oregon will valley New Zealand central atoggo California Russian river valley they are all just chasing the same thing. Burgundy established when you look at any wine list any auction catalog any collection you'll understand why things are priced the way they are. Now you know what grand crew means and what it doesn't. You know to ask about producers and not just the vineyards. And you also know to care about provenence storage and documentation because those things are going to matter for any wine that you're planning on keeping with any idea of selling it in the future. Listen, Burgundy has a reputation for being complicated and exclusive. And honestly, it can be a little bit of both. But the fundamentals aren't really that hard. There's 33 Grand Crew vineyards. They're classified by land, not producer. You're going to learn the top names. You're going to understand that vineyard plus producer equals wine. And if you're going to invest, buy the great vintages, store it properly, and document everything. But you don't need Burgundy Grand Cruise to be a serious collector. It's just understanding it that will make you a better collector. So, if this was helpful, subscribe. Just drop a comment below. Tell me what Burgundy producer you're most curious about or if you found something that's really exciting. Just tell me what's on your wish list.

- A True Collectors Item - Leroy Colbert & Steven Campbell: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Mr yorky lover fitness.com [Music] ladies and gentlemen the first man to build 21-in biceps drug free do whatever you want to do but Jesus wasn't faxing us but but you but we're doing the thing about um the thing the the about the pictures Leroy yeah we did this awesome video and then the facts interrupted we had to test the facts now wait I'm drunk see I'm drunk we've been drinking since 2 o00 and the ners lost to the Oakland Raiders and I started taking shots indiscriminately and I'm drunk from fatigue so no okay so check this out Leroy you recently did oh I'm Stephen C Fitness on YouTube so blatant bad my friend and I'll tell you something as I said a number of times he saved my life in the because I'm not computer literate and if he didn't come by and help me out I don't know what I'd be doing I'd be spinning in circles okay and he's very patient I'm very patient but we got to talk about this you did 3,000 of what lately 3,000 Auto personally autographed pictures do they look like this yes awesome check that out and you know one thing I don't want to look again because I get a sexual throw when I see it okay goodbye now here here check this out guys these are autographed these are done in Sharpie pen they're the real deal um they're all individual so the here are some ones those are just test runs that we did but uh we got different magazine covers right so first magazine cover and the second right so wait this was the first three I think I got three one the French cover and they come in sets of Threes right yeah okay yeah and then also you had the Black and Whites like that right yeah now what's the deal with these well the deal what they come in sets of Threes right and I'll tell you something my friends the reason why because I'm one of those bodybuilding is me it's my life it's just one of those things and I felt so guilty with all the requests I was getting for individual autograph pictures but I just wasn't set up for it I didn't have the time nor the drive energy so I said to Jason you know if I could put a few together and set them out and U and um copies to to the people that want them maybe that are satisfying so he I said well just get aund of them together and no no no that's no good I said what do you mean it's no good you know he said no no you got to do because you were getting reorders and he said and the best price to get the finest quality is to get him in mask I said what are you talking about mask I was getting annoyed already you know because I I uh see lot of you fellas younger all of you younger than me and uh you ran to go and you don't realize I done my job I said I did I'm tired so he said yeah but you know it's the only way you know it's got to be special I said okay what are you going to do so he said we got to do about 3 3500 36 I said what I got to sign all those pictures he said well that's only gonna make sense I said okay I'll do it so you did it and oh they don't just come like this though right they're like they're ni they got frames on them I think and everything what do you mean I think they're framed versions and there's this regular no he's got one special but special version but this is Crystal Clear I mean you wouldn't tell it from a picture right off the camera right it's sharp and and the reason which I like that he W once he decided to do it I said well you trde to do it I got to go along and do it so we went along and did the pictures but I tell you my friends if he calls me again you'll have to look in the paper to hear about him CU I'm G to kill him I don't want to ever go through that it was a job and you know he kept saying you got to do them I got to do them and I said well and and I'm the type of guy tell me to do it and you're my friend I'm going to do it the only Reon I'm not going to do it I can't that's the only thing G stop me from doing it so you'll love the pictures and you could show them to your friends and they can see it's personally autographed you know and it's from me to you and I hope you will treasure en jooy them because they are personal you know you nobody can tell you uh oh no because and you know I must tell you on some of the pictures spell get you know my hand got tired on some of but you'll enjoy them anyhow because you know they're from the heart and you know they're from me and you know it's a person to you because I love all of you so if you guys want to support Leroy's Channel um by the way Jason is the Mr Yorkie lover that you guys see in the channel name so that's who that's who is behind all this but you guys want support Leroy specifically go check out the link in the description and if you have any questions tired 3,000 autographs you know I tell you something my friends when you get see I my blood sugar's dropping see got and when the blood sugar is dropping I don't know if what I'm putting out you can understand it but not that bad we're good but in any case um I want you to know that about the pictures and I also want you to know to support your friend Leroy Cobra by any little donation you could send now it has nothing to do with the pictures now don't get don't think to donates that's a separate entity but if you realize Leroy want to hang in there a little longer and eat one steak and and two steaks that are one then send a little donation anything you could spare send it and I would appreciate it and I want you to appreciate the pictures CA a lot of wor right I do it it wasn't one of those things you go out to and buy like you're buying a stamp in the post office it was a lot of work and Jason had to do putting it together taking it to the printer getting them to get you know the separate pictures together was a lot of working B and if he'd asked me to do it it wouldn't have been done you know so look take a look and I'm sure you pick up that's why he made separate sections of the pictures so that you may decide you want the covers you may decide you want the black and white you may decide you want the special preference but it's all up to you and you know what it be good if you got the change in them all it's all according to your pocket book how deep it is you know well that's that's it and I'm here with my I want you to know something now adding him a dime he's not paid for he's just a great guy and as a a pleasure to met him and know him and be with him because he makes my life easier I try my best man well I mean it has come so naturally you know and it makes me feel good because I'm a natural only thing I think he's he may be a little more natural than me because I tell you if you're a prick you're out of my life you know I mean I I'll I'll go along with you but I think I have a hunt Steve is a little I don't know he may he may be a little more easy easier than I am but I tell you one thing my friends when you look at these pictures it be well worth your world and you know that you got it from the man with the heart that's me now I'm going to talk to to my friend Steve and we're going to talk about another another sub subject before I say adios to you what's that to be continued uh oh byebye wait a minute wait a minute before you click away I want you to subscribe like comment hell even dislike if you want to at least do something before you get out of here

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmokeDoggg91 [2 likes]: Leroy is a legend and gentleman 💪
  2. @Vahvafitness [2 likes]: Leroy is still killing it
  3. @zeroman155 [1 likes]: Are any still left? Serious question.
  4. @Chrisl-257 [1 likes]: man like Leroy can live over 1000 years and they are still not out of stories.Thank you for keep posting all the vids. when im in beter financial times i will order his photo
  5. @gpowellish1 [1 likes]: Jason great Job man. Keep Leroy's legacy alive.
  6. @AnthonyJ74 [1 likes]: What happened to all of Leroy's bodybuilding friends? Did they just ignore him in his final days? Sad to think a guy like Leroy was basically all alone at the end of his life.
  7. @jamiedavis4334: Miss old Leroy. Great man. My buddy
  8. @TomMack6466: I think that it would be great if you pull take all of the old school advice on bodybuilding and diet, put it a book or ebook it would be great
  9. @MrMUSCLETEN: I wish i can post pictures here on facebook but i received my set back in december 11 of 2015..they hang on my room beautifully. whenever i want to train arms and im natural i think of one day getting to his size...he is motivation before leaving to the gym.
  10. @josephm3747: I received my set about a week ago, thanks Jason!
  11. @louis73163: he is my  
hero .its a shame , now there tryen to makemoney  off his  dead body.   i  loved him and still do
  12. @brianmarenco9484: When do you think the ebook you and leroy planned to make will come out?
  13. @NikeMikey101: Jason, are they almost out? I want one but wont be back till a month.
  14. @Ccamp72cod: Nice pictures man.. Miss Leroy
  15. @nataliebarker2196: I wonder if hes got hes dumbells in heaven... god bless you Leroy.. x
  16. @andrewgenic9224: Hi jason! I just bought a set of pictures! Good luck with everything man, you are a true friend of Leroy! Sorry for your losses, you will meet again!
  17. @fredgardr2870: i remember those covers as a young guy. he was a good man.
  18. @TheStardspl24: Hi,. When did Leroy pass on? He was a great help to so many including me. Thank mryorkiefitnesslover for making these videos of this legend available on youtube.
  19. @adreanworld8804: R.I.P. Leroy
  20. @boydoll3934: Was his estate ever settled?  And, has he been laid to rest properly?

- Are Debt Collectors just Glorified Loan Sharks and Gangsters? | SPILL IT: Kind: captions Language: en "We're not scared of you calling the&nbsp; police, you want you come now!" like that. Like you know Ye Wen (Ip Man) or not, one&nbsp; person beat ten like that, very drama one! Hello, I'm Aaron from KX Unit. I'm the business&nbsp;executive in KX Unit. I've been in this industry for about one year. I was working for my father&nbsp;for about six years after I ORD, so after I think that "Okay, I should just come out and start&nbsp;my thing" and then build my own career path Hi, my name is Leroy and I'm the Chief Commercial&nbsp;Advisor of JMS Rogers. I think ever since I was young, I liked helping people. I kind of started&nbsp;noticing that a lot of people were actually in a financial rut, and that's when I began to&nbsp;realised that there's actually a business in this&nbsp;area, and that's when I begin to look into it, found&nbsp;a passion in it, and that's why I'm here. To start the game, each player will draw five question cards&nbsp;from the deck. Players will take turns choosing a question and from their hand to ask the opponent. Players will also be given three action cards each where they can Skip, Swap or Switch at any point of&nbsp;time. For Skip, you can skip the question. Swap, you can swap the cards with your opponent. Switch, get&nbsp;your opponent to answer instead! It's like you asking me how I go to school (and) how I end school like that. Or maybe (I'm) lucky lah, for my question... Oh! For him ah! Oh, it's for me! - Oh, yeah I forgot... - Oh, yeah yeah yeah we need to... This is gonna be fun~ Okay, what is the lowest and highest debt you&nbsp;have ever collected or had experience with? 200k, for our side. No, there's no&nbsp;amount that's too much. So whether or not it's $500 or whether or not it's 5 million dollars, we&nbsp;treat every client equally right, because a&nbsp;debt is a debt! Okay, so Leroy, how much&nbsp;do you make on average? Skip! Okay Oh, you only give me 1 Skip? Thank you very much, I just found&nbsp;that out. Share your most memorable or worst experience with debtor. So he was&nbsp;quite... funny. When we approached him, he get straight away very aggressive. Not only him, his&nbsp;whole family, even his daughter. He took a cup... Spray on you, we don't even know what water&nbsp;is that. Okay, so we stay professional like "Sir, don't do this. Everything is being caught on camera." "Just relax, we want to have a negotiation." Because my company have 3Vs - No violence, no vulgarities&nbsp;and no vandalism. And then just let the debtor continue his nonsense until the police is there. We&nbsp;have to remain professional, we have to remain calm. And most importantly, at the end of the day, as&nbsp;long as no legal boundaries have been crossed, even if the police do come, there's an explanation&nbsp;as to what's really going on. And then we just&nbsp;leave after that, and then we update our&nbsp;clients accordingly. - This is gonna be fun! - Okay! In another life, I would be a...? In another life, I will be a... Still the same lah. Like when the client get back their money, we are like the golden&nbsp;boys. It's like people always think that&nbsp;debt collectors (are) "Chao Ah Beng!", "Si Ah Long". But we are not. Some of the things right, when&nbsp;people borrow the money to their friends or to&nbsp;the company, They always say this, "Boss, lend me some money." "I will confirm return you one, next&nbsp;month." But then in the end when times come, "Oh sorry, next month. Next month! Next month!" They can't go and collect back, so we are&nbsp;there to help them. Okay, give you an easy one ah! Break down a day in the life of a debt collector. It's interestingly boring... They go down&nbsp;to the office, get a case brief. We always ensure that house visits are the last&nbsp;resort. We list out a whole number of places to visit. And then we plan out the route. The boys go down they do their job, come back. Reward themselves with a good dinner and then go&nbsp;back to sleep. You will like this one. Is taking videos and uploading them on social media a scare&nbsp; tactic to pressure debtors to pay up? I'm sure for my company and your company, we are not doing&nbsp;this because you don't see it on our social media. So yeah you might say that "Why you say cannot&nbsp;post on social media but you have a body camera?"&nbsp;&nbsp; So body camera and handphone taking&nbsp; and putting on Facebook is different. Body camera is our evidence to show the&nbsp;police about what we are doing and what we have&nbsp;not done. But if you say that we are taking our handphone now, taking the video and trying to shame&nbsp;the person right, I don't think it's right. I think people need to understand the business. We are not in the business of shaming debtors, we are in the business of recovering assets. And I think in all debt collection firms, we&nbsp;know that sometimes debtors are in that position&nbsp;not because they made a choice. It could have been&nbsp;a bad business decision, they got played out by a&nbsp;partner. We only want to show our happy clients. We don't want to get debtors involved because they are individuals but they belong to&nbsp;families We don't want their children, we don't want their husbands, their wives, their employees, to be pulled into all&nbsp;of this. And then give them unnecessary stress, especially those with children. Truth or false question, debt collectors are just glorified&nbsp;Ah longs (loan shark) in disguise. False! Definitely is false, we do not lend money to&nbsp;collect. We help people to collect money. Ah longs lend you money with high interest rate and then&nbsp;they collect back from you when you don't return. For us, we don't lend you any money. You come&nbsp;and find us to help you to get back your money. Have you ever experienced violence when&nbsp; dealing with a debtor? So we went down to the warehouse of the person, when we reach&nbsp;there right, we have about four to five people. But then when we find the boss right, suddenly about 10 to 20, like legit 10 to 20 old-timer Ah beng, with the eagle, with the snake all come out. "Ah, yeah how? You want to talk about the&nbsp;debts right? Come, come take out your shirt!" "Let's go outside and talk. You don't call&nbsp;the police, we're not scared of you calling&nbsp;the police!" "You want you come now!", like that then&nbsp;all surround us, we're like in a circle. Like you know Ye Wen (Ip man) or not, one person beat ten&nbsp;like that. Yeah, something like that, very drama one. - Definitely! - Yes! For us, our Chief Operating&nbsp;Officer is actually an ex-special forces. So he is the one who looks after all our rules&nbsp;of engagement, our protocols, where he talks about negotiation, self-defense and so and so forth. And for me, I'm a street fighter game champion. In 20 seconds, act out how you would&nbsp;typically approach a debtor? Wow, that's fun! "Hello, Mr Aaron." "Eh yeah, hi. Who are you?" "My&nbsp;name is Leroy, I'm calling you on behalf of JMS Rogers." "Our client has actually engaged us&nbsp;to discuss with you about the repayment of a debt that is owed to him. "This is our warrant&nbsp;to act, would you like to have a conversation with us right now?" "Talk what? I no money&nbsp;to return eh." "Yes, we understand that Sir." "At the same time, there is money to be owed so&nbsp;we would like to have a conversation with you." "Can we please have a seat?" "Cannot, when my&nbsp;salary come ah, then I come and talk to you." "When would that be Sir?" "Next month..." "Next month, which dates Sir?" "I will call you on the 10th." "On the 10th, we will give you&nbsp;a call. 1pm will be good." Can! Ah...no, 3pm. After the check close." 3pm? Actually very good already, some is: "Huh, debt collector ah? Ok, bye!" With the pandemic, have you seen an increase in&nbsp;the number of cases. Yes, a lot! People will use this pandemic as a way to siam (avoid)! They can borrow&nbsp;money and then they can go missing because they cannot come out. "Oh, hi! I'm on quarantine. I have&nbsp;to be at a quarantine station, I cannot come out." "Oh, I'm in the clinic doing my swab test. I&nbsp;cannot make the payment today." True or false question, debt collection agencies secretly&nbsp; only hire buff or burly men to scare off debtors. Buff? no! Hey, look at me! I'm not buff! Doesn't mean buff, show muscle "Oh, I return you the money", no lah, no such thing. Quite uncommon... Some of the female debt collectors, they take it as a challenge you know. And sometimes it helps! Yeah, some debtors you know, they they&nbsp;don't want to get so aggressive on the lady, so it does help. A majority of the agencies in this&nbsp;industry are illegal. Breakdown the illegal and legal ratio. Oh, we wouldn't know. I think&nbsp;in recent times or in the last couple of years, there have been a lot of companies that have&nbsp;been converting themselves. And then everybody&nbsp;assumes that they can become a debt collector&nbsp;because they think it's an easy process, of just "Hey, pay up money right!" But they don't understand&nbsp;that the amount of work that goes into what we do is extensive. So there's no illegal or&nbsp;legal debt collection company. There is no licensed or unlicensed debt collection company okay. There's only one thing, professional debt collection agency. What do your kids&nbsp;or significant others think of your job? Wah... Okay, so this is interesting. I'm a father of two&nbsp;children right, my elder one thinks it's cool. My elder one is like "Woohoo, right Dad! That is cool!" My loved ones, I think when I first told them that I was in this business, the first question&nbsp;that they asked me was, "Are you the one knocking on the doors?" And they were very worried, I think first and foremost about safety. I think over time as you spend more time explaining to&nbsp;them about how you do things then it's perfectly fine. But that's how it turned out, but it's always a shock the first time you tell them. Always a shock! So last one, when&nbsp;debtors calls for police, what do you usually do? RUN! No lah! Okay, so when the debtor calls for the police, what&nbsp;do we do... we stand there and wait. A lot of times, debtors they just don't want to pay. They would try to convince the police that we&nbsp;were harassing or we were using wrong methods. But like what he had said earlier, the body cams&nbsp;are there and the police know it. They will tell the debtor that we are within our legal rights&nbsp;to be there, and that the debtor should just&nbsp;very peacefully have the discussion with us, either at our office or at the door in itself. And then we're done. Thank you for watching&nbsp;this episode of Spill It! Make sure you subscribe and stay tuned for more episodes on Fridays! Subscribe if not... or we'll be at your door! Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @coachfabianwilliam [16 likes]: Awesome Interview guys. Thank you for being candid yet professional and sharing more about this industry. Shoutout to JMS ROGERS GLOBAL. Keep spearheading the industry.👍👍👍
  2. @manoffocusindeed7613 [12 likes]: The truth is, if the money legally belongs to the "lender" then you can always go to court for it. The fact that they(lender) will not go to court for it just shows how shady the industry is. Just like how  you will never see banks hiring debt collectors. They should tell their clients the truth; next time you lend money, make sure youre ready to lose it. If not dont lend.
  3. @dwaynefonseka711 [7 likes]: JMS rogers!!! these guys are really the best on their field. 

Services done professional always with proper results
  4. @StubbyBoardman [4 likes]: JMS ROGERS IS THE BEST.
  5. @jamezroger8070 [4 likes]: Jms all the way 🔥🔥🔥🔥
  6. @tulipsandpeaches1834 [3 likes]: In another life, I would be your girl ~~~
  7. @HumdrumSingaporeanREACTS: 😇

- Camper destroyed by fire in LeRoy: Kind: captions Language: en ((ADAM/E-OTS)) Leroy Firefighters responded to a camper trailer fire this afternoon. ((ADAM/VO)) The camper was a destroyed but crews were able to prevent the fire from spreading to nearby trailers. reported. We spoke to the neighbor who called 9- 1-1 - here's what she had to say... Maureen Halstead, "Between the time I called 911 and the time they got here, the middle of the camper was engulfed at first, and by the time they got here the whole engulfed and the on fire." Genesee County Emergency Management is investigating the cause of the fire. And here in Rochester - a fire tore through the upper floors of a building

- 10  Beloved Pawn Stars Members Who Tragically Passed Away: Kind: captions Language: en beloved members of a popular reality TV show who have tragically passed away. >> Do you still remember Pawn Stars? One of the most popular TV series that changed the narrative or perhaps restructured how you view reality shows. Have you ever wondered what happened to cast members who took a break and never returned to your screen? Think no more. Brace up and let's go on a ride as we reveal the mysteries surrounding Pawn Stars members that will leave you speechless. Richard Old Man Harrison. Richard Harrison, known as the old man, was one of the most beloved members of Pawn Stars. He had a serious face and a calm voice. Richard just gave the right advice to keep things in order. In the earlier days, he worked hard to grow the family business and wanted the shop to be strong and honest towards the customer moving forward. Every time he gave them advice or said no, he was really trying to help them. In 2018, Richard passed away at 77 years old. The news left fans heartbroken. But even after his death, the shop went on and the show kept going. But something felt different altogether. And when the viewers started watching the old episode him today, Mark Hall Patton. Mark Hall Patton was the historian with a big white beard, red glasses, and a voice filled with knowledge. Fans often referred to him as the beard of knowledge. On pawn stars, whenever someone brought in an old document or an antique with a long history behind it, Rick would immediately call in Mark. Mark wasn't just a guest on the show. He was a real museum expert. He ran museums in Las Vegas and knew more about history than most people around. He always made old things feel important. Mark wasn't funny or dramatic. Instead, he just loved sharing facts regarding those vintage items. Whether it was a Civil War letter or a rare old book, he looked at each one like it had a story to tell. But Mark's time on the show came to an end in a very unexpected way. In 2024, Mark Hall Patton had passed away due to a stroke. Many fans and collectors across the country shared their tributes. After his passing, the Las Vegas Museum honored him for his contributions. Fans remembered the way he could turn an old paper into a history lesson. But every time someone pulls a dusty book off a shelf or finds a handwritten letter in a box, it's time to call Mark to know more about it. Cory Harrison. Cory Harrison, also known as Big Hos, brought a young energy to the shop. He grew up in the pawn shop, watching the business closer each day. To most fans, he's always arguing with his dad, but he was actually day. He worked hard on making big deals and even pushed to use new technology in the show. In 14, Cory was faced with a brutal motorcycle accident. He was severely hurt and recovery was a slow process. In the same year, he got divorced care of himself. He still works in the shop, but the once funny and loving person was now transformed through pain. Rick Harrison Rishop. He was the son of Richard old man Harrison and the father of Corey. All the three generations worked together and Rick stood in the middle with his fast talk and deep knowledge of history. He was the one you saw the most. Rick made those deals and asked tough questions to keep the show moving that people trusted and also showcasing how history and hard work come together. But things don't always go according to the plan. After his father passed away, Rick felt the weight expected. His mother filed a lawsuit against him over the family's estate. It raised questions about trust within the family. Rick had to deal with his grief starts to fall apart. Rick Dale. Rick Dale was the go-to guy when something old and broken needed new life. Rick owned the shop called Rick's Restorations, and on Pawn Stars, he was known as the Restorer. Rick was a skilled craftsman. He could take a rusty gas pump or a beat up Coca-Cola machine and turn it into something beautiful. He was always patient and full of energy. Every time the pawn shop needed a repair, Rick would roll up in his truck, load the item, and bring it back with a whole different look. Rick's love for restoring old things made the viewers believe that history could be saved and not just studied. If something had value once, it could have value again. His business and family blended together. His wife and kids would help him at the shop, and it became more than just work. It was a way of life. But after several seasons of being a favorite on Pawn Stars and even getting his own spin-off show, American Restoration, Rick suddenly disappeared, so fans were left with questions. But Rick continued working in his shop, but without the cameras. The show changed, and fans missed the joy of watching him bring old things back to life. Chumley. Chumley, the most loved character of Pawn Stars, whose real name is Austin Russell, started working in the Pawn Shop long before the show began. He had been friends with Cory since they were kids. Fans loved how he didn't pretend to know everything. He asked the questions most of us would ask, but in 2016, everything changed. Chumley was arrested after the police searched his home and found harmful substances and weapons. It was a shocking situation and many thought his return to the show would be impossible. Chumley faced the consequences and worked hard to stay out of trouble. Eventually, he looked at his life and made a decision to change. He began eating healthier, working out, and lost over 100 lb of excessive weight. He reflected on the process of being better for himself and for the people who still believed in him. Interestingly, Chumley returned with his own candy shop in Las Vegas. Chumley's story reminds us that everyone makes these mistakes, but what truly matters is what you do next. He could have let shame take over, but instead he chose to grow, but while Chumbli found a new rhythm to life, another pawn stars favorite had his own reasons for pulling back. Steve Grad Steve Grad worked as an autograph expert. He could look at a signature and tell you if it was real or fake just by noticing small details. His job was to protect the shop from getting tricked and losing money. But over time, Steve began appearing less on the show. Eventually, he stopped showing up altogether due to a behind-the-scene conflict with the pawn shop. Fans noticed how much value he added to the show. His way of explaining things made complicated items easier to understand. He didn't try to be the center of attention. He let the facts speak for themselves. Steve Grad reminded us that even the smallest signature could carry a big story. Rebecca Romney. Rebecca was the rare book expert on the show. When someone brought in an old Bible, a first edition, or a dusty novel with strange markings, Rick looked up to Rebecca. She always arrived calm and collected and ready to unveil the story behind the book. But after a few seasons, her visits became less frequent. She chose to step away from the show entirely. Rebecca's time on Pawn Stars may have been limited, but it showcased that knowledge could be powerful. She made reading feel like treasure hunting, and she reminded us that sometimes the most valuable things aren't gold or silver, but the true stories hidden in those books. Brett Mey Brett Mey was the art expert. He worked at an art gallery and knew how to spot value in every frame. He helped people understand what made a painting special, not just how much it costs, but why it mattered. He wanted viewers to realize that art wasn't just for rich people or museums. But over time, Brett's visits became rare. Fans who appreciated his calm energy were left wondering. However, Brett brought balance to the show. And even though he didn't have a long goodbye, his presence made viewers feel calm and more curious. In the end, Brett didn't just appraise Art, he showed us how to appreciate it. And speaking of leaving, there was one more cast member whose exit was just as sudden. Olivia Black. Olivia Black joined the cast in season 5. She worked behind the counter guiding customers and learning the process. Olivia wanted to grow within the Pawn Shop. She was excited to be part of the show. It gave her a chance to prove herself. But not long after she started, news about her modeling career had been revealed. It wasn't a secret, but it didn't really fit the image of the show. Olivia disappeared from Pawn Stars and also expressed her grief due to the sudden exit. But instead of giving up, she chose to move forward and continue modeling. Her story reminds us that being different doesn't mean you don't belong. In a shop full of history, Olivia became part of it, too. And sometimes the hardest part of a story is the part that's never told on screen. Olivia's story is one of those. Over the years, Pawn Stars has brought all kinds of people through its doors, but each of them left something behind. And maybe that's what makes Pawn Stars more than just a show about old things. It's a show about people. Which Pawn Stars member did you like the most? Share your thoughts in the comments below. And if you like the video, don't forget to like and subscribe to the channel. Click the next video on screen now for another interesting

  Top Comments:
  1. @ginaromero5879 [152 likes]: How can they get away with lying like this? BOO 👎
  2. @DocIdaho [72 likes]: Totally fake bullshit, but what would you expect from Alphabet/Google…
  3. @WonderWho-s7m [37 likes]: Everyone pissed at this misinformation should REPORT them to YouTube and maybe we can collectively have this bull$hit removed.
Dennis/Long Island
  4. @Gilster85 [27 likes]: Came just to dislike this bs video
  5. @maxwaggoner823 [13 likes]: Piece of video crap
  6. @jslute [13 likes]: The vids should not be allowed.
  7. @davidwak680 [12 likes]: My God, Ai sucks!!!
  8. @Warumgehtdasaliasnicht [8 likes]: Schwachsinn
  9. @mike7gerald [8 likes]: TOTALLY FALSE!
  10. @kcb295 [8 likes]: This video is a lie… do not watch!!!!
  11. @remarcablereally8199 [6 likes]: Unlistenable, unwatchable, unedited incoherent AI slop. This is a perfect example of what YT should be removing from the site.
  12. @Armorcav [5 likes]: Bull Crap Video
  13. @ianofliverpool7701 [5 likes]: Stupid AI crap.👎
  14. @MB-uw6eh [5 likes]: Absolute f*cking shit!
  15. @churchofthefirstborn9413 [4 likes]: Why this bull
  16. @lukespread [4 likes]: The entire show was fraudulent crap, just like this video.
  17. @GeekedLuffy421 [4 likes]: What a shitty fake hooked video, absolute garbage.
  18. @patstokes7040 [3 likes]: Why does YOU TUBE always, slander, lies and crimes on their platform?
  19. @kevinbyrne101 [2 likes]: Terrible editing with sentences cut short in the middle of a word and cut to a different sentence, gave up after just under 3 minutes 🙄🤔
  20. @RickyMathis-h9q [1 likes]: Crooks

- Leroy Nieman 2023 Collectors Addition  Cigar Review, a J.C.Newman Cigar: Kind: captions Language: en hey Mark hey Jeff hey how you doing I'm doing all right how about yourself well the sun has been a uh a freaking bear today it has so trying to get just that right shot it's been a little tricky but you did it we'll find out yeah very good so this week this is a very interesting cigar this is a LeRoy um Neiman you know from the artist Leonard nemoy did you say Leroy oh Leroy okay I was leard I was thinking it was out of this world kind of a Star Trek that that that would be wrong oh okay yeah this is the 220 two 2023 collector's edition cigar okay a collaboration between JC Newman which you know from Maximus and those guys and uh the artist Leroy even his foundation ah so the band actually bears oh no the band is actually the 1978 Leroy nean um Irish American Bar patterned after bars in New York City ah so yeah it's really quite nice and I'm guessing that when I put the picture of it it's going to go right in front of this Cactus I didn't leave room on the sides this time which maybe I'll figure that out later anyway uh okay proceeds the profits from this are going to support art education for public schools in Tampa so all profits go to I see um art artsy fartsy kids in school which is really quite nice it's the right time of the year for new making a charitable donation the newans have donated a lot of money to the Berkeley private school and if I recall correctly the sports stadium is named after them wow so yeah quite good this is a um I love the texture on the larger band that's pretty cool you know the wrapper the uh the piece of whatever on the outside okay well it has a um a vano rosada rapper Okay Age fillers from that Latin America okay and Florida Su grown binder so let's take a look at it Florida sunr very yeah why not so yeah it's really very pretty it is it's a gorgeous band smells like Cedarwood yeah I don't know the age it's light color so I'm going to guess it's probably going to be on the lighter side more like more like a Crown Royal type yeah maybe but I say we uh give it a try all right and then we'll come back I think our viewers would like us to do that CA Perhaps Perhaps and uh we'll come back and and we'll tell you what we think so yeah we'll be back in a moment we'll be back well the raer was pretty yeah the rapper was pretty um what' you think I think I should start off with my normal beginning okay hi Mark hey Jeff back okay really amazingly disappointed me too you know when I first uh did a cold draw it smelled like a lot of barard smells you know like hey so you did a cold draw and you're discussing smell those don't really go together taste thank you yes you are welcome you watched Reacher specific smell I also smelt it Details Matter I smelt it un lit and I it's horrible it's it's horrible I mean incredibly mild this is what I'm going to buy you for Christmas next year all you know if if someone this is their first cigar ever and they don't know any better you're going to move to Colorado and smoke pot I guess yeah this is not so good I wasn't very happy with this did you have any tasting I tasted uh nothing bitter bitter would it tried to creamy and it was bitter my tongue became very bitter rapidly I got some pepper very very imper enough to not enough to get through the bitter it's almost like they didn't age the leaves long enough I I think that's really what the problem is you really needed another year to age these leaves yeah I don't know where they got them it was just they said from uh what did it say Latin America so I don't know where they got the it didn't come from the qu Farms or anything like normal what was the price point 20 bucks you're kidding me for like a box good I'm glad the sun's now on your face all right so let me give you the numbers okay I gave it a nine for appearance you gave it an eight I gave it a nine for construction you gave it a seven this son is really going to mess [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up it just came out and it was not like okay uh we both gave it a two for smell I gave it a seven for burn you gave it a five we both gave it a two for taste I gave it a 29 you gave it a 24 26 and a half wow it's got to be near our lowest I think I don't know if it's a near our lowest you know we've had some bad cigars and this would be right there nice hat well no I moved it down just to block so my face would it's not really working no no now you just kind of look like you have a hat that's too large a freaking disaster well hopefully next time we can bring you better information and a happier cigar but I do not recommend this cigar NE neither do this is what you buy your mother-in-law if you don't like her yeah wishing you a very happy holiday season and we'll catch up to you next time you and your family happy holidays Mark happy holidays Jeff peace out everyone I could get bring this to you I'm sure bye bye

- Everything About RDC/DRC in Ph.D by Dr. Divya Dhyani #phd #phd_entrance #phdlife #phdinterview #2023: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning plus our next topic of research today will be RDC, what is it and what is the difference in it, many people do not have any difference, RDC means our Research Degree Committee, Research Committee, okay, now both of these are committees, committee means a group of people who work like advisory in our research, clearly now what is this RDC or DRC meeting or viva or exam, see when you fill the application form for enrollment in PSG, okay, after that you have an entrance, many people are NET qualified, then they take the entrance exam, so when you clear the entrance or your enrollment is done, in that committee either the director of the university from which you are enrolling, the VC, all three or any of these, next there are experts appointed by them, supervisor related to the concern field, that is, your guide, if there is any, then in some places there are only supervisors, in many places there are both supervisors and co-supervisors, for scholars, then some of them are both If there are scholars in it then it got crossed, next in many places many universities also take the Registrar as a member of the committee in the RDC meeting, so all these people together form your committee, now what do these people do, they do the work of approving or disapproving your synopsis, whatever synopsis you make and take with you the presentation, they have to approve it, they do the work of collecting it, okay you have to present it, you have to present your synopsis, in many places they ask for presentation, at some places they say bye to you, rest they ask questions like Y-bro, okay if you have read your synopsis well, understood it well, you have made it yourself and you know what you have to do, you know what you have to do in it, then you can justify your synopsis well, you can explain it and you did not face any problem in that, what happens in most of the cases, if your synopsis is good If you are explaining it, then to avoid rejection, they will suggest some corrections in it, they will correct your title or correct your objective, they will tell you that these are the corrections in it, you should correct it and submit it. There are very few cases where the scholar does not know anything about his synopsis, what do I have to do, what is my objective, what is my aim, so how does it get rejected, he has to make it again or if he is not interested in doing it then it gets cancelled. Now let's talk about when you go to RDC meeting, committee meeting, go to give your viva, go to give presentation, then what are the questions that are usually asked to you, so the first question is that what is the reason for choosing the topic for your PSG, why have you chosen this topic, so for that you will have to go prepared as to why have you chosen this topic, second is that when you go to PSG If you are doing this then obviously there will be a lot of pressure on you from the university, from the college, from the guide, from the supervisor, from the supervisor and there is personal pressure as well. So will you be able to sustain all these pressures to do PSG? Is it possible that you will leave it midway? And how do you come out of it? Okay, next comes what is the objective of your research topic? What do you want to do in it? What is your aim in your research? What do you want to do in your research? What is your objective? What is your aim? After that comes what methodology will you use in your research? That is, what techniques, what methods, what formulas will you use to complete it in your HD. Okay, you should have an idea of what all you are going to do in it. Next comes your drawbacks. What are the drawbacks of the ISP topic you are searching for? What are its disadvantages? How can you overcome them? For your research, you will collect data, primary data, secondary data, the data which is already available, you will conduct a survey in a new way or do something like this, so these are the seven-eight basic questions which are asked, so go well prepared for these, make a good presentation, make a good synopsis, in the next video we will discuss what is synopsis and how you can prepare your RDC meeting on a well formatted synopsis, so subscribe to our channel and stay with us for the next video so that you can prepare your synopsis well, till then thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shrutikamudgal4814 [2 likes]: Thank you mam
  2. @shaileshdhy [2 likes]: thanks for the useful information ma'am. Please provide more videos related to Ph.D
  3. @Patwari-c7k [1 likes]: Madam, When will you make video on synopsis?
  4. @Mayank4566dfg: Mera m.twch me work progress report me aisa hi kiya hai mam thankyou ❤

- Why isn’t the DR Congo the world’s richest country? | Mapped Out: Kind: captions Language: en-US Did you know that there’s probably a piece of this country in your smartphone? The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or DRC, could be one of the richest countries in the world. That’s because of what lies below the ground here. Vast resources, such as gold, cobalt and coltan. But the DRC is not rich. In fact, many Congolese people are among the world’s poorest. Congo is basically a resource-endowed country, but it is also a resource-cursed country. And it’s home to possibly the deadliest conflict since World War II. While people are distracted by the war, others are profiting from the natural resources. We’re going to look at how the DRC became a looting ground for the power-hungry and the corporate. And how even its neighbors have a hand in the exploitation. This is the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Also known as the DRC, or sometimes just the Congo. Not to be confused with its neighbor: the Republic of the Congo. The DRC is the largest country in Sub-Saharan Africa, and it’s bordered by nine countries. One of them, Rwanda, actually plays a big role in this tragedy. We’ll come back to that later. An estimated 110 million people live here in the DRC. 3 out of 4 of them often don’t have access to even the basics: Shelter, clean drinking water, and enough food. One in twelve children here dies before the age of 12. The DRC is among the five poorest countries in the world. It's this misery that drives hundreds of thousands of Congolese to work in mining sites like this one. And that’s where we want to start this story. This is dangerous work in dangerous conditions, and for just a few dollars a day. Child labor, threats and violence are often reported. Not to mention the vast environmental damage. All these things are happening because of the rush for riches under the ground. An estimated 24 trillion US dollars' worth of minerals lie beneath the surface. You have a country that is effectively one of the richest countries in the world. Certainly the wealthiest country in Africa, with all kinds of resources that you can imagine, some of which have not even been discovered. This is Paul Nantulya. He works at the Africa Center for Strategic Studies in Washington DC. You talk of any resource, name it, it is in the Congo, in plenty. For instance: Gold. For jewelry and electronics. Cobalt. Used for batteries, like in electric cars. The DRC has more than half of the world’s cobalt reserves. Copper: Vital for solar panels. And coltan. It’s literally everywhere in electronic devices, for example in your smartphone. An estimated 60 – 80% of global coltan reserves are in the DRC. So you can imagine, everybody wants a piece of this pie. Be they militia groups controlling informal mines... ...or huge multinational companies that have set up massive industrial complexes. This map shows some of the DRC’s major industrial cobalt, copper and gold mines. So who owns these mines? Well, the DRC has a minority share in many of them. But almost all are majority foreign-owned. Some by a Swiss company: Glencore. Then there are firms from Canada and the United Arab Emirates. But the most important player here is China. The red dots are majority Chinese-owned mines. Since the 1990s, China has been forging ties with the DRC, gaining more and more control over the DRC’s valuable natural resources. By the way: This huge mine was owned by a US company until the 2010s. But was sold off to a Chinese firm. A step the US government now regrets because it could REALLY use those resources to build electric cars. Chinese companies control 70% of the copper mining and 50% of the cobalt mining in the DRC. Let’s take this huge copper and cobalt mining site. It’s been majority Chinese-owned since the DRC and China struck a deal in 2008: the Sicomines agreement. The deal was about investment. In return for access to the mine, China pledged to build roads, schools and hospitals. Sounds like a win-win situation, right? But not much of the promised investment has materialized. Congolese people still have to make do with roads like THIS. So, where did all the money ACTUALLY go? Mostly lost in corruption. A key reason for poverty in the country. The DRC is ranked 162 out of 180 on Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index. This basically means: corruption is everywhere in the country. Including in deals with multinational companies, whether European or Chinese. But it is not just outsiders to blame. The Congolese people have had governments thrusted upon them that are really of the worst type that one can ever imagine. So, it's basically the DRC’s leaders who have profited from the resources. And we’re about to meet them. When it comes to the DRC’s long history of exploitation, we kind of have to start with this man. King Leopold II of Belgium. In 1885, he seized this territory, as his personal property. And named it "Congo Free State." It was anything but. An estimated 10 million Congolese were killed, or died from hunger or disease, during Leopold’s cruel rule. Many were enslaved and forced to work, collecting rubber, used for making car and bicycle tires. And the exploitation continued after 1908, when Belgium turned the "Congo Free State" into a colony. But in 1960, there was hope for a new start. This was the year the DRC gained independence, and its first prime minister: Patrice Lumumba. Even today, many in the DRC see him as a national hero. Lumumba had a vision for a just nation. The country’s natural resources should be used for the benefit of its citizens. But just months later, Lumumba was captured by his opponents, and murdered. with the tacit backing of Belgium and the US. They wanted him out of the way, fearing he was getting too close to the Soviet Union during the Cold War. So, the Congo has never recovered from that tragedy. And I think this is the first reason why the country is in repeated cycles of trauma and crisis. One of the issues that has constantly plagued the Democratic Republic of Congo has been political instability and chronic mismanagement by successive governments. This is Beverly Ochieng speaking. A security expert based in Dakar, Senegal. And when she says governments... there haven’t actually been many. That’s because dictator Joseph Desiré Mobutu ruled for 32 years. Mobutu, with his distinctive leopard print hat, renamed the country: "Zaire." And he grew eye-wateringly rich, looting the national coffers at the people’s expense. Western countries, including the US, were willing to turn a blind eye. They wanted to keep him close to them, and away from the Soviet Union. Because: you guessed it. They, of course, wanted priority access to the country’s resources. Once, the US even sent Mobutu several planes, in a bid to secure mining rights. He demanded that one of them be loaded with $60,000 USD worth of Coca-Cola. The kleptocratic rule, that was refined and perfected by Mobutu, unfortunately, it became part and parcel of how the country is governed. And so, it continued, long after Mobutu. First under Laurent Kabila, then under his son Joseph, who was notoriously corrupt. Again, the DRC’s mineral wealth was sold off to foreign investors, and at laughably low prices. When current president Felix Tshisekedi took office in 2019, he pledged to crack down on corruption. But both his elections were marred by fraud allegations. And for many people, not enough has changed. I think there have been some small strides. Whether that government has actually met some of the campaign objectives that they had put in place, is another question. So, we’ve seen how corruption and exploitation stand in the way of a brighter future for Congolese people. But there’s another major hurdle. The biggest reason for the poverty in the Congo, especially in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, is due to the war. This is Ruth Alonga, a DW correspondent in Goma. The conflict she is talking about is happening in her region, in the east of the DRC. More than 120 different militias are active here. Yes, you’ve heard right: one hundred and twenty. Some of them are small, local groups. Others are larger militias with foreign backing, like the M23 and the FDLR. We’ll come back to them. These militias have different aims and agendas. And one way of financing those goals? Exactly. We’re back to the minerals. Look at the provinces worst hit by the conflict: Ituri, North Kivu and South Kivu. That’s also where many of the DRC’s valuable natural resources are found. So, it's a conflict belt, but it's also a resource belt. The minerals themselves do end up feeding into the conflict because then armed groups can take territories, make them their own, and run an entire operation there. Which then undermines the possibility of them being used for the betterment of the community. Let’s take this example: In 2024, M23 militants took over these mining sites near the town of Rubaya. This area is where most of the DRC’s coltan comes from. Remember that one? It’s one of the minerals needed in your smartphone. So: It’s valuable. And lucrative for any groups that can get their hands on it. But there’s much more to this conflict. The minerals have probably added to it, but the fact that there's been ethnic animosities which go way back to the colonial period are not necessarily about the minerals themselves. Those just fuel the situation, but are not the underlying cause. To unpack that, we need to go back in time. And head to one of the DRC’s neighbors: Rwanda. Where, in 1994, a brutal genocide was unfolding. One ethnic group had turned against another. The Hutu majority against the ruling Tutsi minority. In the end, extremist Hutus killed around 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus. During that time, many Rwandans fled across the border into the DRC. Among them: Some of the Hutu perpetrators. The aftermath of the Rwandan genocide still influences the conflict in eastern DRC today. And the blame game that surrounds it. Two of the biggest militias are proof of that: The FDLR started with those Hutu extremists linked to the genocide. Then there’s the M23. Its members are mainly ethnic Tutsis, so the victims of the genocide. The DRC accuses Rwanda of supporting the M23. And the other way round: Rwanda says the DRC is working with the FDLR. Both governments deny that. It’s messy, but bear with us. There is another key group: the ADF. It’s very difficult to find pictures of them... ...just of what they leave behind: a trail of destruction. The Islamist militia originated in Uganda, and has ties to the so-called Islamic State. Decades of fighting by these groups and many others have left around 6 million people dead since 1996. Today, a further 7 million people in the DRC are internally displaced, the UN reports. Those people have lost everything. The Congolese army is supposed to contain the conflict. But they, like it seems everyone else, have faced allegations of human rights abuses and corruption. And maintaining an army is costly. The war also absorbed financial resources that could be used for maybe developing infrastructure, education and healthcare, and so on. So, many people keep on suffering, while others profit. Congo has had neighbors that have not been good neighbors, neighbors that have exploited Congo's governance gaps. There is no doubt that Rwanda benefits massively from the instability in the DRC. Most of the gold Rwanda exports is believed to be Congolese gold, smuggled across the border. And while the DRC is the world’s biggest coltan PRODUCER, the biggest coltan EXPORTER is Rwanda. But despite the smuggling, the European Union struck a controversial mineral deal with Rwanda. Local NGOs say this deal even fuels the conflicts. Rwanda is not the only place these resources get to. UN experts found gold and other minerals from the DRC were also being smuggled to Uganda, Burundi, Tanzania, and even the United Arab Emirates. From there, you know, they make their way into international markets, or into the international black market. And again, possibly into your smartphone. So where are we at? International efforts to tackle these problems haven’t worked. Ceasefire agreements have broken into pieces. The UN’s biggest-ever peacekeeping mission has largely failed. The fact that many of the initiatives that are trying, that are being driven, to ensure a level of stability, or a level of political goodwill, keep on coming undone, each and every time, means that there are fairly bleak prospects for DR Congo. So, is there at least a little hope for the Congo? Congo needs a democratic, legitimate government that is respected and given legitimacy by the people. To hope for a better future, a bright future, the government has to involve the local population in managing these resources. That seems like wishful thinking for now. One of the longest- running conflicts on Earth looks set to continue. And others won’t stop profiting from the country’s riches.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dwnews [224 likes]: CORRECTION: At 11:18, when explaining the genocide in Rwanda, we say that “One ethnic group had turned against another. The Hutu majority against a ruling Tutsi minority." This is not correct: In fact, though the Tutsis were the more powerful group before and during the colonial era in Rwanda, Hutus were in charge of the country at the time of the genocide. We apologize for the error. Thank you to @PatrickCyusa-q2k for pointing out our unfortunate mistake.
  2. @itslovelyjess [1 likes]: Where I'm from🇨🇩❤
  3. @JeanpaulAwuor [1 likes]: The narration is very crisp and clear; the subtitles are accurate too.
  4. @harriiyo [1 likes]: lots of people could be wealthier if those on-top weren't exploiting the fruit of our labor. corporations are evil. our system needs to be changed.
  5. @GottiWence: Sounds like a plan 💜 to battle corruption. Quit genocide or exploitation against its residents
  6. @bateagbor9752: Congo don't have a problem but it's neighbors and the international community including the UN are responsible for Congo's problems
  7. @JeanpaulAwuor: 6:38 SABENA, the Belgian airline as some will remember.
  8. @JeanpaulAwuor: 5:04 ''So, where did all the money ACTUALLY go? Lost in corruption: a key reason for poverty in the country.''
  9. @JC-3223: Reminder that Apple made $416 billion in revenue for 2025 of which the iPhone accounted for $209 billion. Tim Cook himself is worth $2.6 billion and just bought 50,000 worth of Nike shares. That's only 0.1% of his net worth - the equivalent of buying $1000 Nike shoes for $1. 

Just remember this when you decide to put yourself into debt by upgrading your 1 year old iPhone for a slightly better camera every year. Just remember your iPhone was made with blood cobalt and child labor.
  10. @nothingbutthetruth8558: African union AU SGOULD BE ONE TO FIX IT BUT IT IS ABICH OF WESTERN
  11. @williamblockson8013: ASA FAMILY :

WE CAN GO WITH THIS OR WE CAN GO WITH THAT ,  BUT ONE WAY OR ANOTHER WE ALL ARE GOING WHETHER WE LIKE IT OR NOT .

PICK YOUR POISON FAMILY OR PICK YOUR CURE ,  PICKING NONE IS PICKING THE WRONG ONE .  AMIN .

The religion of Dwight Supremacy is a wickedly evil disease that’s spread globally until we’re all infected with ,  so until we can all agree this demented mindset (of DS) is a global problem that must be dealt with immediately or else,  we’ll all go on participating in our own delusions of grandeur because the more things change the more things will keep remaining the same .  Amin .

The quickest solutions to me is simply separation ,  atonement ,  unity with likeminded others and doing for self collectively and individually .  And by practicing these four (4) virtues in away that’s not at the expense of others ,  we still may avoid that final day of judgment that’s speedily approaching us all as we speak .  Amin again .

ASA FAMILY :
  12. @BornFree21: Europe's lifeline, you cut them off them from Congo and suddenly they become Congo.
  13. @TruOst5211: They hold 70% of the world’s cobalt. It’s appalling they aren’t a richer nation.
  14. @rainbowfirepower5732: Bald and moustached researcher 🐉☝️🧏👹🐦💩
  15. @felipe-vibor: This question should be asked to the Belgians and the french mainly but also the blue chip corporations
  16. @thomasgbokie644: Such a reality is devastating...cursed resources in the land of plenty!
  17. @geniuskennard8016: America had us believing you all still stayed in dirt huts!
  18. @geniuskennard8016: We don't want electric cars!
  19. @bobbybrown1726: Free Congo
  20. @jamesmatheson9624: We should make our own cellphone 
Its just a television with closed caption
Your saying we cant bulld a television

- Rwanda, M23 and the conflict in Congo explained | Start Here: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about one of the longest running conflicts in the world it's happening in the Democratic Republic of Congo which is here people also call it the DRC or sometimes just Congo but don't confuse it with the Republic of Congo which is another country next door the DRC is huge but we're going to focus on the east of the country where fighting has been going on for almost three decades involving dozens of armed groups neighboring countries like Uganda Rwanda and Burundi have got involved too so it's always been super complicated never as clear-cut as one side versus another but one rivalry that's played out this whole time has been between Congo and Rwanda and that's a big part of what's happening now at the start of 2025 a powerful Rebel group called The M23 took over the cities of GMA and bukavu the capitals of North and South kilu provinces but the UN and others say the M23 is getting all kinds of support from Rwanda and that Rwanda has about 3 to 4,000 troops on the ground in eastern DRC officially Rwanda denies any involvement Rwanda currently have any troops at all in eastn DRC I don't know you the commander-in-chief yeah there are many things I don't know M23 did not come back on its own it came back because Rwanda backed it it's part of an ongoing tension and conflict to between Congo and Rwanda for 30 years now it all goes back to the 9s or 1994 to be precise that's when the genocide in Rwanda happened in just 100 days extremists from the majority ethnic group in Rwanda the hutus killed around 800,000 people most of them were tootsies a minority ethnic group The genocide ended when a tootsie Rebel group took control of the capital kagali and seized power and by the way one of the leaders of that group was Paul kagame who's the current president of Rwanda and has been since the year 2000 now during and after the genocide hundreds of thousands of hus fled over the border to refugee camps in DRC but among them were some of the extremists who took part in the killings they then started to remobilize and carried with them the anti-tutsi ideology that had stimulated the genocide in Rwanda and therefore kagali saw them as enemies 2 years after the genocide Rwanda invaded DRC to go after these Hutu militia groups and that kicked off what's known as the first Congo War other countries including Uganda and Burundi joined the fight they all went after Congo's president who'd been in power for more than 30 years kicked him out and installed a new government but they soon fell out with that new government and that triggered another even bigger War the war ended with a peace deal it included elections and a process to integrate various Rebel groups into the congales army but that deal never really brought peace particularly in eastern Congo it's what some analysts called a no peace no war situation there's a proliferation of armed groups the Army has remained fragmented and also very abusive and criminalize and then internationally although the uh Rwandan and Ugandan governments who were heavily involved of course in the Civil War have forly agreed to pull out their troops from Eastern DLC in the early 2000s they never really agreed to reduce their influence 20 years later Eastern Congo is still being fought over one of the main features of the conflict has been a series of rebellions by congales Tootsie groups often backed by Rwanda these groups have evolved over time but the M23 is the latest iteration and has become the most powerful it emerged in 2012 and got its name from a piece deal that had been signed 3 years earlier a deal the M23 says the congales government never fully implemented the M23 actually managed to capture GMA back in 2012 but were forced to withdraw after just 10 10 days and for a few years after that the M23 were essentially out of the picture but they came back in 2021 and have been gaining more and more territory since then Kigali backed M23 Rebels ramped up their lightning offensive in the east of di Congo the way they've captured and this time held on to GMA and bukavu the Region's main cities shows just how powerful they've become K has returned to bukavu and people are getting back day our daily lives Rwandan backed M23 Rebels now aiming for the city of UA UA would be the third major city in M23 is Advance in eastern DRC in a matter of weeks it's estimated that M23 has 6,000 Fighters but a lot of people say they couldn't have taken all this territory without rwanda's help the M23 itself uh from what we understand is really dominated by the ran Army for key battles um it's it's thr on an army that is that brings the Firepower that brings the coherence the discipline the organization the resources with it the M23 didn't have any of that if it hadn't been for the Ronan Army we wouldn't be here today if also you see the number of rondan military who are fighting alongside M23 one will wonder if it is the M23 is backing is backed by Rwanda or if Rwanda is intervening just accompanying by m M23 now what do the M23 and Rwanda want an Eastern Congo well there's a lot going on here there's what the different sides are saying and also what experts are piecing together based on what's actually happening so for example the M23 and Rwanda say they want to protect tosis who faced discrimination and persecution in Congo for a long time but that doesn't necessarily explain everything they're doing or have done there is a history of persecution and discrimination against the congales tootsie community in the Eastern Congo it's very important to say that um on and yet there wasn't an increase in that discrimination or persecution in the days leading up to the M23 Rebellion it's not like they responded to an imminent threat the M23 in Rwanda also say they're going after Hutu extremists these are the groups we mentioned earlier that Rwanda first went after back in the90s there's one group in particular which comes up it's called the fdlr and Rwanda still sees it as a security threat the FD question has to be answered we have to find a solution that is something Ronda has been always bringing up even when according to the UN report according to many uh actors in the region according to randan officials themselves the threat to Rwanda that represented fdlr has changed completely over years genocide has such a foundational role and run in society that it's impossible to actually disentangle genuine security concern from manipulation and pretext another reason people talk about is natural resources because this region has a lot of really valuable minerals that have always helped to fuel and fund the conflict there it's minerals like gold Cobalt and coltan which is used to make all kinds of electronic devices a recent report by un experts said that the M23 had taken in control of a mining area called Raba in 2024 it's got one of the biggest col mines in the region which was earning the M23 around $800,000 a month last year it said minerals were being exported via Rwanda last year about 1.1 billion dollars of minerals were exported from Rwanda that's a very it's a huge amount for such a small economy and most of those minerals came from the Eastern Congo now another question is whether the M23 is Ambitions may have grown particularly off the back of all their recent military success because the M23 is also part of an alliance that seems to have political aims that go well beyond Eastern Congo it's called the AFC the acronym of its French name which translates as Congo River Alliance and the AFC is led by this guy cor nanga who's not Tootsie he's the former head of Congo's electoral commission but has become one of the main opponents of the president Felix chisti nangas said says he wants the M23 to take the fight all the way to the capital and take control of the whole country our objective is Congo we are fighting for cono we are not fighting for Min regime has destroyed the Army has destroyed the National Police he has destroyed Administration and above all he has destroyed Justice now President chetti says Congo's Army is ready to defend every inch of territory and his government has designated the m 23 as a terrorist group but we're not really seeing signs of that on the ground there are reports of congales soldiers surrendering and even fleeing to Rwanda and Congo's Army and government are notoriously weak the congales Army is a real mess and it has been historically it's been Riven with factions that come from armed groups that refused to be dissolved into the Ary so they retain parallel command structures um it's also an army that's extremely corrupt uh and all issues of pay and resources are um the subject of very severe infighting amongst senior military contrast that with the M23 and Rwanda who've been rapidly taking and holding territory and setting up parallel administrations in those areas uh everywhere it goes it's destroying administrative records issuing birth certificates setting up tax collection services and Revenue Services it very much feels like this is a long-term occupation so what about attempts to resolve this situation well there have been a couple of regional peace initiatives going on but neither have made much progress meanwhile Congo's president has called for countries to Blacklist Rwanda the US has put sanctions on a Rwanda Minister and the UK has announced some measures including pausing financial aid to Rwanda the EU is talking about suspending their mineral trade but have held off on sanctions for now since 2012 Rwanda has made itself very useful to a number of Western countries with whom it has a whole range of different uh ties uh whether it's sponsoring football teams or most importantly rwanda's peacekeeping operations in Central African Republic and I think notably in mosm Beque where the Rwanda Army is protecting a very important installation of the total oil company and I think these um create uh a set of relationships with Western politicians which means that Western politicians are very reluctant to challenge Kigali ultimately unless you force these leaders bring them to the table via means of international sanctions International boycotts close the money tap we're not going to see this um conflict ending unless you have some serious pressure being placed on the groups and while this cycle of conflict goes on driven by all sorts of motivations and competing interests it is unsurprisingly civilians who are bearing the biggest cost thousands of people have been killed in the recent fighting and hundreds of thousands have been displaced almost 1 million people were already living in camps around GMA they'd fled there to escape other rounds of fighting over the years but some of those camps have been attacked and destroyed and the M23 have also ordered thousands of people to leave these camps it's a critical issue here because you've got some of the most needy people on the face of this Earth really people that have been displaced for 2 years 3 years and even more now having to return back to their their home villages for decades the conflict in eastern DRC has also been characterized by some of the worst atrocities imaginable some of the commanders have actually been found guilty of war crimes at the international criminal court in the Haag and this pattern of violence is still playing out Human Rights Watch says that in recent fighting both sides have killed and raped Camp residents interfered with Aid delivery and committed other abuses UNICEF says children are also being targeted with rape and at levels surpassing anything they've seen in recent years the UN has accused the M23 of executing children I honestly don't think we've heard the extent of the humanitarian crisis unfolding sexual and gender based violence directed at children at women has really left scars that will continue on in individual Community lives for years to come at the end of the day it's uh 30 years of suffering for millions of conges people who do not have anything to do with the interest of one or another and who only want to live in a peaceful uh country at start here we cover topics that come up in the news check out this video we made that explains international law and the ICC and follow me on Instagram so you can stay up to date with all the stories we're working on [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @aljazeeraenglish [38 likes]: You can find the full Start Here playlist with all our episodes here ⤵    
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzGHKb8i9vTxodrArxXFPziklf0iqFdC5
  2. @leonine7028 [1 likes]: Honestly, as a westerner coming here to learn more, I’ve learnt more in the comments than the actual video. I’ll go back to the more comprehensive documentary I was watching that included colonial beginnings and significantly more detail than this was able to impart. I couldn’t even follow it because it was so brief in detail. Thanks African brothers and sisters for educating me! I really want to understand properly
  3. @clementgavi7290: What else should we have in order to hope?
On earth countries have gathered in international organisations. Thus, we the UN, the G20, the Commonwealth, the Francophonie, etc.
The Democratic Republic of Congo is the largest Francophone country on earth. The Francophonie is made of 90 stare-members (France, Canada, Belgium, the Francophone countries in Africa, etc). And the Francophonie as international organisation is led by a Rwanda national.
Rwanda is a member state of the Commonwealth. The Commonwealth is made 56 member-states (the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the English speaking countries in Africa, etc). The Secretary of the Commonwealth is a Ghanaian national. But despite all these gatherings of nations, the conflict in the east of Congo remains for decades. On October 30th, 2025, it was a 60-year-old dynastic tyranny in West Africa, Togo, a member-state of the Francophonie and the Commonwealth who had co-organised with Frace an international conference for peace and prosperity in the Great Lakes region of Africa.
On January 17th, 2026 it was the same 60-year-old dynastic dictatorship, member-state of the Commonwealth as well as the Francophonie who said I quote 'For a lasting solution to the crisis in Congo, the Monusco expressed its support to the president of the Council '. The Monusco is a United Nations mission in the Congo that has already spent 20 years in Congo.
On April 25th, the African Union appointed the 60-year-old dynastic tyranny in West Africa Togo as her mediator for the Congo.
  4. @hanu5114: who is giving Arms and Ammunition to people's?
who is controlling precious metals in congo?
who is giving dollars to continue conflict in Congo?
Malnutrition is there in children, HIV is seriously spread in Congo, drugs trafficking is there?

who is responsible? only UN and their allies.
  5. @vaughnn_mo: Africans can't govern themselves.  They are too corrupt and power-hungry.
  6. @MakeedaDawkins: would you say Rwanda is about 30 years behind Canada
  7. @Sarah_smth: Can you drop the links to where you found the info?
  8. @mountaingeneral-u1e: No way white man can write our history 
...wake up poor African brothers
  9. @khassimbizimungu: Why skip the party when, between 1994 and 1996, remnants of genocidaires and the defeated ex-FAR army made Rwanda unsafe by launching daylight attacks on highways that crippled the economy and targeted those they hadn’t managed to kill during the Genocide Against the Tutsi? 
The FDLR (which is the ex-FAR and genocidaires), backed by the Congolese government, repeatedly joined forces with other rebel groups like the FLN to attack Rwanda, most recently in 2019. These assaults threatened Nyungwe National Park and the southern region of Rwanda and were reportedly funded by figures such as Rusesabagina. 
As for M-23, it’s largely a Congolese issue, but the regime in Kinshasa has refused to engage in talks, and negotiations have gone poorly. Many M-23 fighters are Tutsis who’ve been targeted and displaced by the FDLR’s genocidal ideology, with the Congolese government appearing aligned with this militia. M-23 has mainly defeated the weak Congolese army, seizing their weapons to push forward in their fight to “liberate” the DRC.
  10. @caniusmaleka3734: The war is about Minerals and wealth in the expense of innocent people. This is self-benefit. What did the Rebels did in the past for the people? That'll  M23 Rebels do to better the life of citizens? There's constant wars in Africa because of lack of service delivery and corruption. If M23 Rebels were concerned about Citizens, then they'll never been attacking them. People of the world are always  in the receiving end of stupid and greedy leaders.
  11. @StevenAgola-y8w: We cannot discuss any atrocities in Africa without mentioning the Berlin Conference which took place in Germany 1844-1845 where Africa was sub divided to White Supremacists sitting on a round table. Thats the cause of all these madness witnessed in our beautiful Continent Africa.

I see European Countries deporting Blacks I say that is nonsense,they must pay back what they did to order forefathers and all the minerals they have exploited from our soil. Africa will one day Unite. Viva Africa.✊🏿
  12. @dumpsterfire42u: War, conflict is like professional sports to Africans. And they celebrate killing + and maiming. Sounds like the blacks in Chicago!
  13. @dzpsaumestv3148: LIAR NO DISCRIMINATION RXISTS IN D R CONGO
  14. @naywahn: I came here because I thought that was Jennifer Connelly... 😔
  15. @dailyphilosopher1: Mayonnaise people should stay out of chocolate people business
  16. @lhwanzoraymond642: Tutsis and playing the Jewish card "we are under threat /they hate us".
Even in Africa
  17. @lunsas: Paul Kagame lying with a straight face
  18. @YtChsr: Sigh another place to avoid 😌
  19. @Error_404_Account_Deleted: Belgian Waffles aren’t so innocent anymore eh
  20. @I_NDAB: Does it really Matter Who backs M23 ???

- The Endless War For DR Congo: Kind: captions Language: en These maps show all the mines currently being extracted in the eastern region of the Democratic Republic of Congo. There are approximately 2,951 mines employing 427,469 artisanal miners in this region alone in the South Kivu province. There are more than 450 mining companies. Unfortunately, most of them are operating illegally. Operations that ultimately result in violence such as this. The DRC is home to trillions of dollars worth of untapped minerals, but has also been the victim of persistent conflict since independence. This conflict plays out mostly in the eastern region, which has become home to over a hundred armed groups amidst competition for control of mines and trade routes. As a result, what should be a blessing of mineral wealth has instead financed the warlords, displaced millions of people, and created one of the worst humanitarian crisis in the world. But, why is the Democratic Republic of Congo, which is the second largest country in Africa, unable to control its mineral wealth with different armed groups and powerful countries scrambling to tear it apart all while distributing its minerals amongst themselves? I want to show you how mineral operations fuel conflict in this African country. We will look at the lucrative minerals at stake, the key actors involved including their international sponsors, the underground network they use to get funding for their operations, and the wide-ranging impacts of these activities on the people of Congo. This is the story of the Democratic Republic of Congo and why everyone wants a piece of it. The mining potential of this country is just beyond imaginable, and yet you have poverty at the highest level. It all began in 1960. The Democratic Republic of Congo had just gotten its independence from Belgium, but not everyone was happy about this. The new Prime Minister, Patrice Lumumba, had sent a strong message to imperialists during his speech at the Independence Day celebration. A speech that left the King of Belgium fuming. Lumumba wanted independence to mean something for his people. He wanted a legitimate improvement in the quality of life for the Congolese and to put an end to tribalism. His first act to achieve his goals was to replace the white man in his administration with locals. He wanted the colonial masters gone. The Belgians, of course, didn't like this, and they made it their mission to fight Lumumba every step of the way. You see, if Lumumba had succeeded, the Belgians would have lost access to lots of mineral resources in this region called Katanga province. Their businesses, mines, and whole industries were located here. If those had closed down, it would have resulted in a huge unemployment crisis for the Belgian government back in Brussels. So, they blocked this move. Over in Washington, D.C., the CIA were monitoring the situation in the DRC. According to these powerful forces, Lumumba was beginning to sound and act like communists back in China and the Soviet Union. So, they launched a secret operation to stop him. You see, the new government of the DRC that was formed at independence was headed by this guy, Kasa-Vubu, who was serving as president while Lumumba was serving as prime minister. But, shortly after the Independence Day celebration and the festivities that followed, trouble began. Many soldiers hoped for independence to result in immediate promotions and better pay, but were left frustrated by the continual presence of the Belgians. This soon led to widespread mutinies across the country. Lumumba took steps to halt the crisis by replacing Belgian soldiers in the army leadership with Congolese men and ordering some of the Belgians to leave. Yet, they refused. One of the promotions he made was Joseph Mobutu as colonel and army chief of staff, a decision he would later come to regret. Unknown to Lumumba, Mobutu had strong ties to Belgian and US intelligence services, ties that would later be exploited by the CIA. All European officers in the army were replaced with Africans with a few retained as advisors. Despite all of these efforts, the mutinies continued to spread throughout the entire country. At this point, Belgium felt it had seen enough and decided to get involved. On the 10th of July, 1960, barely 10 days after independence, Belgium sent 6,000 troops to the Congo to protect its citizens from the violence. You see, most Europeans had gone to Katanga province, which has most of Congo's natural resources. So, the Belgian troops, which were sent to protect Belgian citizens, landed mainly in the same province of Katanga. Unknown to Lumumba, however, the Belgians had other ideas. This guy, Moise Tshombe, was a political opponent of Lumumba. At the time of this crisis, he was overseeing the affairs of the resource-rich Katanga province under Lumumba's government. Behind the scenes, however, he was working for the Belgians. A day after the arrival of the Belgian soldiers, Tshombe, backed by the foreign soldiers from Belgium, declared that the mineral-rich province of Katanga was seceding from the Congo to form its own country. This led to chaos in the new nation. As the crisis wore on, another region known as South Kasai was threatening to follow in Katanga's footsteps and declare independence from the DRC. This newly independent country was now on the verge of collapse. And this is when the United States decided to get involved. The CIA deployed its new head of station, Chief Larry Devlin, into the DRC on the 10th of July, 1960, to monitor situations on the ground. While working closely with US Ambassador Clayton Blair, Devlin took just a few days to come to the conclusion that Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba was a dangerous man and he needed to go. With his mission decided, Devlin started to secretly recruit some of the most prominent Congolese political leaders known for their hatred of Lumumba. Back in the DRC capital, Lumumba was working hard at getting the Belgians to leave. He had protested the presence of the Belgian forces to the UN and even requested that they be replaced with UN forces since they claimed to be there on a peacekeeping mission. But, no matter what he did, the UN kept blocking his attempts to expel the Belgian troops and defeat the Katanga rebels. He made a plea to the US to intervene. Unfortunately, though, the US is one and the same with the UN. They too turned him down. To Lumumba, the West were never going to act against one of their own. In this frustration, he sent a telegram to Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev requesting that he closely monitor the situation in the Congo and provide some assistance in dealing with the secessionist movement in the province of Katanga. This move immediately made the Americans more obsessed than ever with the prime minister. As usual, the CIA launched a propaganda campaign against Lumumba to discredit him. The CIA claimed that Lumumba's entourage was full of KGB agents. Bear in mind that this was deep in the middle of the Cold War, and the Americans would stop at nothing to get ahead of the Soviet Union. In fact, Ambassador Timberlake was able to influence Henry Luce, Time magazine's owner, to stop the publication of a cover story about Lumumba all in the name of America's interest. Same month, in a wire message to CIA headquarters, Devlin wrote, quote, "Patrice Lumumba was born to be a revolutionary, but he doesn't have the qualities to exercise power once he seized it. Sooner or later, Moscow will take the reins. He believes he can manipulate the Soviets, but they are the ones pulling the strings." End of quote. On the 26th of August, 1960, Allen Dulles, the director of the CIA, replied saying, quote, "If Lumumba continues to be in power, the result will be at best chaos and at worst an eventual seizure of power by the for the prestige of the UN and the interests of the free world. His dismissal must therefore be an urgent and a priority objective for you." End of quote. As soon as both parties agreed on what should be done, a budget of $100,000 was released to the CIA station chief, who organized anti-Lumumba demonstrations that led to serious violence. While the chaos on the streets tried to discredit the work of Lumumba, the United States kept pressuring the DRC's president, Kasa-Vubu, to remove and replace his prime minister. On the 5th of September, 1960, this pressure worked. Kasa-Vubu dismissed Lumumba and replaced him with this guy, Joseph Ileo. However, Lumumba decided to fight back. He refused to leave his post and won parliamentary backing. This soon resulted in a constitutional crisis for the new nation. Realizing that this path has been blocked, the CIA turned to other means. Remember I said thing Joseph Mobutu, who was made colonel and army chief of staff by Lumumba? Yeah, he reappeared just when the CIA needed him to complete the task. In Washington, Mobutu was considered temperate, competent, and pro-Western. So, one evening in early September, 1960, Devlin had a meeting with Kasa-Vubu at the president's house. While he was waiting in the living room, Mobutu appeared and suggested to him that he had gathered some commanders who were ready to overthrow Lumumba and that he needed the support of the United States. The CIA, without hesitation, agreed to this plan. They granted Mobutu's request of $5,000 US for his officers and the plan was a go. A few days later, on the 14th of September 1960, Mobutu seized power for the first time. Lumumba was arrested and a civilian government installed. All diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union and China ended with immediate effect. This marked the beginning of the end to the Democratic Republic of Congo. Few months after this coup, Lumumba was assassinated. But, the DRC government didn't witness any progress after the removal of Lumumba. Rather, when this guy, Joseph Mobutu, also known as Mobutu Sese Seko, seized power, he plundered the wealth of the DRC all with the backing of the United States and his Western allies, mostly Belgium. Yeah, all that mutiny and unrest in the Katanga province that led to the Congo crisis of 1960 were all orchestrated by the Belgian government to destabilize and gain control over the mineral wealth of the DRC. But, what is this mineral wealth you keep hearing about? You see, if there ever was a land so blessed, yet so cursed, it would be the Democratic Republic of Congo. This country is said to hold an estimated $24 trillion US in untapped minerals. On paper, it's one of the richest countries in the world in terms of natural resources. The DRC holds a large deposit of tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold. These four minerals are commonly referred to as conflict minerals as they are generally mined in this area of armed conflict and traded illicitly to finance armed operations. These minerals are essential to global industries, which is why they are at the center of the violence that continues to devastate this region. There is a network of warlords, militias, and corrupt officials who facilitate the cycle of this conflict. And since the global demand minerals continues to rise, the illegal trade continues to grow despite efforts to regulate it. Some other key minerals found in the DRC include cobalt. An estimated 70 to 75% of all global supply of cobalt is found deposited in the DRC. Yeah, cobalt is used in lithium-ion batteries that power our laptop, smartphones, and even electric vehicles. According to Statista, the DRC has over 6 million metric tons of cobalt. And then there's lithium, which is another essential mineral found in large quantities in the DRC. It's also used in lithium-ion batteries for laptops, smartphones, and electric vehicles. The DRC is also rich in gold with some estimates saying the country holds about 2% of the world's total supply of gold. Gold is used in jewelry, electronics, and as a financial asset. There's also coltan, which is used in solder for circuit boards in electronics. The DRC is said to have around 40 to 60% of the world's supply of coltan. The DRC has approximately 10% of global supply of copper, which is an essential material for electric infrastructures, wiring, and renewable energy systems. The DRC is also blessed with about 20% of the global supply of industrial grade diamonds used for cutting tools, drilling, and high-tech applications. These minerals combined are valued at around $24 trillion. But, where are they located in the DRC? This will give you an insight into why the fighting in this country is happening right here in these two regions. A large amount of the DRC's mineral wealth is found in the eastern and southern regions, particularly in the provinces of Katanga, which is rich in copper and cobalt. North and South Kivu is rich in coltan, gold, tin, and tungsten. Ituri has significant gold deposits. Maniema is rich in tin, tungsten, and coltan. Kasai has large diamond deposits and home to all diamond operations. Here's an interactive map by the International Peace Information Service showing the mineral-rich areas in the DRC. These minerals are extremely valuable because they feed global industries from consumer electronics to electric car batteries to fine jewelry and financial reserves. Now, the skyrocketing international demand and high prices create an incentive for anyone with a gun in eastern DRC to try to get a piece of the trade. As a result, what should be a bedrock of development for Congo instead bankrolls conflict and exploitation. But, hang on a second. Why eastern DRC? How did this place become the epicenter of conflict minerals? Now, let's get into that story. According to the US Geological Survey, the DRC's high-value minerals are easily extractable since they are often found in shallow deposits accessible to us in a miners. This makes the DRC a magnet for opportunists. Take for example, neighboring Rwanda and Uganda have relatively modest mineral resources. Yet, Rwanda has miraculously become the world's largest official exporter of coltan in recent years. An obvious sign that Congolese ore is being rerouted through its territory. In short, the DRC's mountains are a treasure trove that has drawn in predators from near and far. The abundance is such that even basic mining methods can yield valuable ore, which is why suspicious actors from local villagers to foreign armies have tried to stake a claim. But, how did it get this bad that we now have so many armed groups, foreign governments, and militias fighting for resources in a sovereign country? Well, to answer this question, we need to travel all the way back to the 1990s. But, let me pause here for a minute. I need to give you an important piece of information that will be relevant to our story shortly. You see, the conflict you keep hearing about in the DRC is majorly in this eastern part of the country. Coincidentally, this part consists of the provinces known for significant mineral wealth, namely North Kivu, South Kivu, Ituri, and northern Katanga. Interestingly, this eastern part of the DRC shares borders with countries like Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, and Tanzania. This is important to note. Now, let's hop back in that time machine. The year is 1994. The world is still trying to come to terms with the brutal genocide unfolding in Rwanda. By the time Paul Kagame and his rebel forces finally break through and overthrows the Rwandan government, around 2 million refugees, including members of the militias responsible for this genocide, had gained entry into eastern Congo, then known as Zaire, mostly settling in refugee camps in the North Kivu and South Kivu provinces. A small group of those Rwandans who entered DRC are Hutu extremists who began organizing militias within this eastern Congo region. They are bitter about the war they just lost to Paul Kagame and his Tutsi rebels. Pressure soon intensifies as Tutsi militias organize themselves against the Hutu groups. Soon enough, foreign powers with vested interests begin to get involved. This forms the backdrop of the crisis and violence that would come to haunt this region of the DRC. As time passes, ethnic tension within the region continues to grow. Reports of violent clashes between militias, local communities, and refugee groups soon surface. This endless violence results in local infrastructures collapsing. Refugees and locals are now witnessing increasing hunger and diseases. People are becoming desperate looking for something, anything to do to protect themselves and their families. Then, came the rising demand for mobile phones. As technological advancement gives rise to a surge in mobile phone production from around 60 million units to about 250 million units, demand for minerals like coltan sees a dramatic surge swelling violence in this eastern region of the DRC. Armed groups began seizing mines to fund their operations. Back in Rwanda, Kagame is getting reports of the activities of these Hutu extremists whom he fears could decide to launch an invasion into his country. So, he comes up with a plan to stop it. But, he needs a face for this plan, a local, someone with ties to the DRC. Enters this rebel leader, Laurent Désiré Kabila, who forms the Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo-Zaire with the goal of overthrowing Mobutu Sese Seko. This rebel group soon becomes a coalition of Rwandan, Ugandan, Burundian, and Congolese dissidents. So, with the plan in place, Rwandan troops and Congo-based Tutsi militias with Rwandan backing join forces with Laurent Désiré Kabila to launch an invasion of Zaire. This marks the beginning of the First Congo War. Kigali justifies its efforts by arguing that Hutu groups in eastern DRC were still a threat to their Tutsi population and that the Mobutu regime was harboring Hutu extremists who had fled across the border. But, remember that Paul Kagame wasn't fighting this war alone. Rwanda waged the First Congo War against Zaire with the help of other African states, most significantly Uganda, but also Angola and Burundi, who had their own security concerns related to Mobutu's support of rebel groups across the continent. When this war ended, millions of people had been displaced with large-scale looting and destruction of properties and infrastructure. Those that survived were left to deal with diseases and malnutrition that killed tens of thousands more. For a brief moment, all the Congolese people had to deal with was diseases and malnutrition until another war broke out. This time, in 1998, following the breakdown of relationship between Paul Kagame and Laurent Désiré Kabila. There are reports the Congolese army has teamed up When this alliance broke down, Kabila ordered all foreign troops out of the Congo and allowed Hutu armed groups to organize at the border once again. Paul Kagame responded by invading in 1998. By 1999, both Uganda and Rwanda had armed groups fighting in the DRC. And here is where it gets interesting. The reason Paul Kagame gave for this Second Congo War was to create a zone in the DRC-Rwanda borderlands controlled by its own troops to create more distance from Hutu groups in eastern DRC. Remember this eastern region of DRC with all of these mineral resources? Yeah, that's the one. Soon enough, this conflict exploded into a regional war. On the one side were Congolese forces supported by Angola, Namibia, and Zimbabwe. The Rwandan side had Uganda and Burundian militaries, as well as various rebel groups supported by Kigali and Kampala. In July of 1999, a year after this brutal fighting began, the Lusaka Peace Agreement was signed by heads of state from Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Namibia, Rwanda, Uganda, and Zimbabwe. It called for a ceasefire, deployment of a UN peacekeeping force, and the release of prisoners of war. This agreement also created a framework for a power-sharing government and led to the withdrawal of foreign troops. Major rebel groups, including the Rwandan-backed RCD and the Ugandan-backed MLC, were granted representation alongside the existing Congolese leadership and political opposition. However, this agreement failed to bring an end to the wider conflict. The country remained divided with armed groups controlling large parts of the mineral-rich region. By 2001, President Laurent Désiré Kabila was assassinated by one of his bodyguards. His son, Joseph Kabila, assumed power amid the ongoing conflict. But, the death of Laurent Kabila only prolonged the devastating conflict further, with the country now destabilized even more. In 2002, the key actors in this conflict were assembled by mediators in South Africa, where the Sun City Agreement was signed. This agreement established a transitional government that included the president, Joseph Kabila, representatives from different rebel factions, political oppositions, and civil society groups. But, there was just this one problem with this arrangement. While the basic framework for this power-sharing largely worked and laid the foundation for national unification and a democratic transition, the decision to hand power to factions with a history of violence and exploitation only increased instability within the country. Rebel groups continued to control large mineral-rich parts of the country, particularly in this eastern region. This meant all the resources being extracted were illegally smuggled out of the country without any benefit to the people of the DRC. Profits from this illegal trade made these rebel groups stronger, as they were now able to buy more sophisticated weapons from the global market. In 2006, the DRC held its first democratic election. Joseph Kabila won this election, which happened to be the first in 40 years. However, while the president and his circle celebrated this win, armed groups continued to rule over mineral-rich regions of the country, with large recruitment of child soldiers reported. In January 2008, the International Rescue Committee reported that an estimated 5.4 million people had died over the 10-year period of this conflict, nearly half of them children under five. Most importantly, this year also saw a major turn of events in the war. This is Laurent Nkunda, a major rebel leader. In 2008, he and his CNDP rebel faction were integrated into the Congolese army, marking a major twist in the saga. But, this integration didn't happen as the group had expected. Soon enough, the dissatisfaction that arose led to the creation of this other group called the M23, a rebel group backed by the Rwandan government. Activities of this M23 group led to the displacement of tens of thousands of civilians. The city of Goma, in particular, endured brutal violence. But, the worst was yet to come. Over in the United States, a new technology was about to hit the market. The launch of the smartphone would make life even more complicated for Congolese people. You see, the smartphone gave rise to a surge in global demand for minerals like tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold. When these armed fighters in the DRC learned of this new device, they further tightened their grip on these mineral-rich areas. Groups that were considering laying down their arms before now had a new reason to fight on. Control over these mining operations soon made some of them millionaires. With the profits, they bought more arms, recruited more hands, and the battle continued. The US government, seeing what was happening, tried to intervene. US lawmakers soon passed the Dodd-Frank Act, which mandates the disclosure of conflict minerals sourced from the DRC and surrounding regions. This law aimed to cut off funding to armed groups profiting from the mineral trade. However, it sort of created a new loophole for these armed groups to exploit. The market suddenly went underground. Smuggling networks were soon established, further complicating the supply chains for legitimate businesses. These groups that were only making money from the exports of conflict minerals now had a new revenue stream in smuggling operations. Today, 20% of global supply of tantalum, tin, and tungsten originates from the DRC, much of it tied to conflict zones. In November 2012, the M23 rebel group seized the city of Goma, displacing approximately 140,000 people. This rebel group held the city for about 2 weeks, during which time they controlled key strategic locations and continued to disrupt humanitarian aid efforts. The United States and Congolese forces, with support from the UN's Intervention Brigade, launched a coordinated military response to drive M23 out of the city. By late November 2012, M23 was forced to retreat and ultimately went into exile in Rwanda and Uganda. However, while the UN and other international coalition continued to fight off militia groups pillaging this eastern region of the DRC, the central government was contributing to the violence. By 2017, another crisis was brewing in the DRC. President Joseph Kabila, whose time in office had expired, refused to step down. This led to protests and a political crisis, giving room to armed militias who took advantage of the situation. Then came the push for EVs and renewable energy technology, further increasing demand for Congolese cobalt and coltan, resulting in more violence and In 2018, Félix Tshisekedi became the first president in Congo's history to take power through a peaceful transition. Though the legitimacy of his victory was widely questioned. But, while the election brought hope for peace, fighting continued in the east. M23 resurfaced yet again, this time capturing key towns in North Kivu. Investigators soon began digging into the funding of this group, and here was this tiny country to the east, Rwanda. The reports allege that the group receives military support, including weapons and trainings, from Rwanda, despite international condemnation. The M23 continues to operate in the region. Reports confirm the group's continued access to arms and cross-border support, undermining peace efforts in the process. A UN Group of Experts reported that M23's control over Goma and surrounding areas provides them access to significant mineral wealth, including coltan and cassiterite mines. The exploitation and smuggling of these conflict minerals fund the rebel group's activities and fuel regional instability. In 2025, M23 rebels, reportedly backed by up to 4,000 Rwandan troops, seized Goma and Bukavu, the largest cities in eastern DRC, marking a significant escalation in the conflict. Following the capture of Bukavu, M23 forces advanced south towards Uvira. Remember, this region of the country is home to the majority of the mineral deposits we talked about earlier. And now, a large portion of it is in the hands of M23, a rebel group with support from a hostile country. But, hold on now. These guys are not the only groups with illegal activities in the DRC. There are dozens, if not hundreds, of other actors profiting from the DRC's conflict mineral economy. There are generally four key actors in the DRC's conflict mineral economy. Some are formal, while others are mostly informal and carry out illegal operations in the dark. We have state-sanctioned mining companies. The DRC's formal mining sector includes state-owned enterprises and multinational corporations operating under government licenses. In the copper and cobalt rich southeast, mostly the former Katanga region, companies like Glencore, China Molybdenum, and others operate huge industrial mines in partnership with DRC state mining firm Gécamines. In the gold sector, ventures such as Kibali Gold Mine, jointly run by Barrick Gold and AngloGold Ashanti, with state company Sokimo, produce tons of gold per year under legal concession. These state sanctioned operations generate billions in export value. Yet, they are largely isolated in pockets of relative stability. In eastern provinces like North and South Kivu and Ituri, industrial mining is limited. Although a few companies like Canada's Alphamin at the Bisie tin mine or Chinese joint ventures with state miner Sakima in Kivu exist, the vast majority in DRC is artisanal and dominated by informal actors. And when we get into illegal mining, there are surprising elements operating here. Chief among them is the national army and officials. Ironically, personnels of the Congolese national army are also complicit in illegal mining. Units of the Congolese army have frequently been reported to interfere in mining areas, extort miners, or run illicit roadblocks for tax in eastern DRC. In some cases, army commanders form secret arrangements with militias to share profits instead of fighting them. For example, UN investigators have documented Congolese national army collaborating with FDLR rebels to smuggle resources like charcoal and protect illicit gold trading networks involving neighboring countries. Corrupt officials and local strongmen further enable the black market economy by granting fake permits or accepting bribes to turn a blind eye. This has resulted in the formation of a hybrid economy in which armed groups, rogue soldiers, and shadowy business networks all work together to loot the resources of the DRC. The third key actors are the armed groups and militias. There are more than 120 different armed groups active in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. These include well-known factions such as the March 23 Movement we talked about earlier. And then we have the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda, FDLR. There's the Allied Democratic Forces, ADF. There's Codeco militias in Ituri and numerous Mai-Mai local self-defense groups. Many of these groups actively exploit minerals. For example, the M23 rebellion seized the strategic town of Rubaya in 2024, an area that produces roughly 15% of the world's coltan and has since enjoyed a lucrative income by controlling mining and trade there. Militias set up their own taxation system at mine sites and along transport routes using intimidation or force to compel miners and traders to pay. Even political or ethnic-based groups often end up behaving like criminal rackets funding themselves through this illicit resource extraction. Gold trade is one major source of financing for these armed groups in the DRC. Most of the trade goes unrecorded and most of the transactions are concluded in neighboring cities such as Kampala, the Ugandan capital, the Kenyan capital city of Nairobi, Bujumbura, the economic capital of Burundi, as well as the northern Tanzanian town of Mwanza. In addition to selling real gold, criminal networks also organize elaborate scams to sell counterfeit gold to international clients. This is according to a report by the UN Security Council. The last of these key actors are international players. You see, the conflict mineral trade extends far beyond DRC's borders. During the Congo Wars, the Rwandan and Ugandan national armies became major players by occupying mining zones and directly exporting resources. Today, Rwanda and Uganda no longer openly station troops in DRC, but they exert influence through proxies and economic networks. Rwanda in particular is accused of backing the M23 rebellion as a means to secure access to minerals. Rwandan officials deny this, but evidence, including UN reports, indicates Kigali supports M23 military while benefiting financially from Congolese minerals smuggled into Rwanda. The UN has long maintained its position that the Rwandan army is in de facto to control of M23 operations, detailing how M23 recruits are trained under Rwandan supervision and supported by high-tech Rwandan weaponry. However, President Kagame has repeatedly denied any involvement in supporting the M23 rebels, who are well-equipped, well-armed, and well-trained. According to the UN's 293-page report, Uganda is also part of the sponsors of these armed groups operating in the DRC. The UN report said it was likely that Uganda was allowing M23 supplies and new recruits through its territory. Ugandan military intelligence officers had also been in the Congolese town of Bunangana since at least late 2023 to coordinate with M23 leaders, provide logistics, and transport M23 leaders to M23 controlled areas. The report also noted that M23 leaders, including its military chief Sultani Makenga, who is subject to a UN sanctions travel ban, had traveled to Uganda for meetings. Another international player here is Burundi, who has also continued to meddle, though on a smaller scale. Burundian rebels and army units have crossed into South Kivu and Burundi is soil is sometimes used as a smuggling route for Congolese gold as Burundi has minimal production of its own. Tanzania and Kenya play roles mainly as transit routes. Congolese minerals often exit Africa via Dar es Salaam or Mombasa ports after being laundered through adjacent countries. Angola, historically, was interested in Congolese diamonds and oil along the western border. Zimbabwe is also part of this mix. During the Second Congo War, Zimbabwe sent troops to support the DRC government and was rewarded with access to mining concessions. Zimbabwean military companies got diamond and cobalt rights, for example. So, the Congo Wars drew in a constellation of African nations, all seeking a share of the riches. The lingering outcome is that regional elites in several countries continue to benefit from Congo's illicit mineral trade, creating a vested interest in keeping the crisis ongoing. And how can we talk about international players without mentioning the super powers? In the past 10 to 15 years, China has become the most significant global economic player in the DRC's mining sector. Although the Chinese approach has been largely financial and diplomatic, not military. China's motivations are clear, secure long-term access to strategic minerals like cobalt, copper, and increasingly lithium for its industries. This has led to Chinese state-owned companies and private firms investing billions of dollars in Congolese mining. Notably, in 2007, the DRC struck a huge deal with Chinese companies, often called the minerals-for-infrastructure Sicomines deal. Terms of this deal stated that Chinese firms would build roads, railways, and hospitals in DRC in exchange for copper and cobalt concessions. Today, Chinese companies either own or finance a majority of DRC's large copper-cobalt mines. An example is this China Molybdenum, which owns the giant Tenke Fungurume mine. Zijin Mining Co. owns the Kamoya-Kakula copper project. By some estimates, as of the mid-2020s, China controls 15 of the 19 largest cobalt mines in DRC, directly or through partnerships. But western powers are gradually catching on. Western involvement in DRC's minerals has evolved over time. In the late 19th and 20th century, it was colonial exploitation by Belgium's King Leopold II and companies like Forminière and UMHK. Post-independence, western Cold War interests led to CIA involvement in coups like the assassination of Lumumba in 1961 that we talked about earlier. This had a strategic resource angle as Katanga's secession was supported by Belgium and other foreign mining interests. From the 1990s onward, western governments have publicly advocated for stability and human rights in DRC, but western corporations have often been more pragmatic. In the early 2000s, a UN panel of experts report named dozens of companies from Europe and North America that were allegedly buying blood minerals from Congo's war zones, including tantalum processors and gold dealers who sourced from rebel-held mines. This led to some reputational damage and pressure on those companies. By the 2010s, western tech firms like Apple, Intel, Tesla, etc. came under increasing pressure from consumers and activists to ensure conflict-free minerals in their products. This in turn pressured their suppliers, smelters, and component manufacturers to verify sources. Laws like Dodd-Frank in the US pushed this agenda. However, loopholes remain. Gold in particular has been identified as entering western markets via ghost states without proper checks, and cobalt, which was conveniently not covered by the conflict mineral rules, continued to flow from Congo to major electronics and EV companies, often with documented child labor and human rights issues. Western mining corporations also directly operate in DRC like Barrick Gold, Glencore, Ivanhoe Mines with billionaire Robert Friedland. These companies have found a way to negotiate sweet deals with the weak government of Meanwhile, there are also individual players like Alain Goetz, a Belgian gold dealer who operated the African gold refinery in Uganda. This man has created transnational smuggling enterprises that he and his networks used to plunder the wealth of the DRC. US Treasury sanctions revealed that Goetz's network was moving hundreds of millions of dollars worth of illicit DRC gold through Uganda and onto global markets. In the process, providing the largest source of revenue to armed groups in eastern DRC. These external actors, including companies in Dubai, traders in Europe, and regional business people form the back end of the conflict supply chain, laundering resources and profits out of Congo. Now, to understand why this trade is turning into a do-or-die affair for these actors, we need to look at the scale and profitability of mining in the DRC. Just how lucrative is the Congo's illicit mining economy? Mining is by far the biggest sector of the DRC's economy. It is the engine behind both legitimate GDP and the shadow economy that forms conflict. To appreciate the scale, let's compare the legal mining and the illegal or semi-legal mining in economic terms. In the formal mining sector, the DRC is dominated by large projects in copper, cobalt, and industrial diamonds, mostly located in the south and parts of the east. This sector makes up the vast majority of DRC's export earnings, an estimated 90% plus, and a significant chunk of government revenue through taxes and royalties, though exact figures vary by year. For example, in 2021, the value of DRC's mining exports was around 16 billion US dollars, mostly copper and cobalt at high prices. The copper-cobalt belt is a powerhouse. Remember, DRC is Africa's largest copper producer and the world's largest cobalt producer. One single mine, Tenke Fungurume, produces around 20,000 plus tons of cobalt and 150,000 plus tons of copper annually, which at 2023 prices could be over 1.5 billion dollars in cobalt and 1.2 billion dollar in copper per year just from that one mine alone. The Kibali gold mine in the northeast produced 812,000 ounces of gold in 2021, which at 1,800 dollars per ounce is worth about 1.46 billion dollars. Kibali alone contributes heavily to DRC's official gold output, which is otherwise small officially, since most gold is smuggled. Formal mining operations like Kibali, Tenke, Mutanda, which is Glencore's cobalt mine, and the Kamoto Copper Company have multi-million, even billion dollar investments and employ thousands of people. They are largely mechanized and yields are well documented. However, they often enjoy tax breaks and, due to corruption, not all revenue reaches public coffers. Even so, the formal sector is profitable company and the national elite. Example, Gécamines, the state mining company, earns royalties and dividends. Politically connected individuals get contracts from here. In the best case scenario, formal mining could fund national development, but in DRC, it's been mismanaged in many instances. Still, we can say billions of dollars of minerals are legally produced each year, theoretically contributing to Congo's economy. Now, let's take a look at the informal and illegal mining sector. Alongside the formal, there's a huge artisanal and small-scale mining economy that is mostly unregulated. This include most of the 3T, that is tin, tantalum, and tungsten, and there is gold production in the Kivu and Ituri regions, which are unregulated. Quantifying it is challenging because, by nature, it's off the books, but some estimates here will help. The UN has estimated that 20 to 30 tons of gold are extracted by artisanal miners in DRC per year, of which only a tiny fraction is officially exported. In 2019, for example, officially less than 2% of that was declared. The rest of it, worth 1 to 2 billion dollars, is smuggled out. Global Witness and other NGOs have reported that DRC is losing at least 300 to 600 million dollars annually just in unpaid taxes and undeclared gold exports. For the 3Ts, at the height of conflict in late 2000s, DRC produced a significant share of global tantalum and tin. With reforms, official exports of tin from North Kivu are now measured in thousands of tons. North Kivu exported 3,900 tons of cassiterite in 2021. The price of tin hovers around 20,000 dollars per ton. So, that's about 78 million dollars value officially, but likely more is smuggled or underreported. Then we have coltan, which is tantalum ore. Official numbers are smaller, but tantalum is high value, around 150 dollars per kg in recent years. Rubaya's coltan mine, which remains under M23 control, reportedly can produce dozens of tons per month. At, say, 50 tons per month and 150 dollar per kg, that's 7.5 million dollars a month or 90 million dollar a year just from one area. Note that these are hypothetical figures. M23's tax of 800,000 dollars per month suggests the actual trade value is several times that. Because a tax might be, say, 10 to 30% of the value. So, yes, the illicit trade is in the hundreds of millions annually for each major mineral. But, how about the profits distribution? How does this work? In the formal sector, profits primarily go to the mining companies and their shareholders and to the national treasury through taxes, royalties, but due corruption siphons off a lot of that. In the informal sector, profits are distributed in a shadowy way. Warlords and smugglers capture a large share, while the miners get a meager amount for their daily survival. For example, a miner might sell a sack of coltan for 50 dollar to a trader, who sells it upward for 500 dollar, and by the time it reaches a foreign smelter, it is worth 5,000 US dollars. The price uplift largely happens once the mineral is out of the Congo. This is why companies in Dubai, Europe, or Asia and local strongmen find the trade so profitable, whereas Congolese miners remain poor. One striking stat revealed that artisanal mining supports 8 to 10 million Congolese people's livelihoods. Yet, the DRC government earns only a few million dollars in official artisanal mining taxes, meaning vast wealth is untapped or lost to illicit channels. The UN estimated armed groups in eastern DRC were making at least 185 million dollars per year from conflict minerals at one point. And as noted, conflict gold alone provides up to 600 million dollars annually to armed groups. This dwarfs any aid programs. So long as a mine can yield thousands or millions per month for whoever holds the gun, there's a strong profit incentive to continue the conflict. Now, let me show you the smuggling routes and the global supply chains used by these groups. One of the most critical links between mining and conflict in the DRC is the illicit supply chain. These are routes and mechanism by which illegally mined minerals are transported, sold, and transformed into seemingly legitimate commodities in the international market. First, it is good to note that eastern DRC is landlocked and bordered by multiple countries, making overland smuggling the norm. The main conduits are Rwanda, which is a major transit route, especially for the 3T minerals, that is tin, tantalum, and tungsten. Coltan from North Kivu often goes by road to Goma, then on trucks to Rwanda, entering either officially, with perhaps falsified documents, or through uncontrolled rural crossings. Once in Rwanda, it can be mixed with Rwandan-mined minerals and exported from Kigali as clean Rwandan ore. Rwanda's well-functioning export infrastructure, namely international flights, satisfied traders, helps launder Congolese minerals this way. Coltan and cassiterite also sometimes reach Burundi, then onward to either Rwanda or Tanzania. Also, it has been widely reported that selling minerals to Rwanda yields a better net price because Rwanda's taxes are lower than DRC's, given an incentive to smuggle out rather than export legally from the Congo. This effectively diverts trade from DRC's coffers to Rwandan traders. The M23's recent capture of territory enabled them to build a road from Rubaya mine directly into Rwanda, simplifying coltan smuggling. From Rwanda, final destinations are usually smelters in East Asia, in countries like Malaysia, Thailand for tin, China for tantalum and tungsten, or sometimes even Europe. Uganda is another country used for these smuggling operations, often the primary route for gold. Eastern DRC's gold from Ituri and South Kivu often travels by road or small aircraft into Uganda. Smuggling is then facilitated by porous borders and corruption. Despite an official ban, many vehicles still cross this place. Once in Uganda, gold is sold to brokers or directly to refineries like the African Gold Refinery. According to US authorities, over 90% of DRC's gold production is smuggled to Uganda and Rwanda, highlighting the scale of the smuggling operation. At AGR, gold from conflict areas including mines controlled by Mayi-Mayi militia is melted and recast, making its origin untraceable. Uganda then exports the refined gold legally, often to the United Arab Emirates or sometimes to Europe. Ugandan customs records and UN reports show many tons of gold leaving Uganda annually, far beyond what Uganda mines. Other gold routes include Burundi. South Kivu gold comes is smuggled by boat across the lake or by land into Burundi and then either sold there or taken to Tanzania. Sudan and South Sudan have also been minor routes for gold from northeastern DRC. The common factor is that gold moves invisibly here. It can be carried in luggage, hidden in vehicles, or even strapped to smugglers' bodies. By the time it reaches a refinery or dealer in Kampala or Bujumbura, it is extremely difficult to distinguish from clean gold. Documents can be forged or dual sets of books kept. Tanzania and Kenya are coastal countries that serve as exit points for these minerals. Conflict minerals like tin and tantalum sometimes are trucked through Burundi into Tanzania to the port of Dar es Salaam. There, they might be shipped onward to smelters in Asia. Similarly, some gold is smuggled from Congo's Kivus into Tanzania through Lake Tanganyika or via Burundi and then flown to Dubai. Kenya's port of Mombasa historically was a route for smuggled Congolese diamonds and gold during the '90s. Today, it is less central than the Rwanda-Uganda routes, but it is still occasionally used, especially from North Kivu through Uganda into Kenya. Both Tanzania and Kenya have sizable gold markets and refineries that could handle Congolese gold. Zambia and Angola are also involved in the illegal smuggling of copper and cobalt from artisanal sources in Katanga. Zambia is the main route. Cobalt ore or heterogenite, a cobalt-rich material from artisanal miners, sometimes is smuggled across the Zambia-DRC border, often with collusion of border officials, to sell to Zambian buyers. From Zambia, it is then exported as a Zambian product. Angola has been a lesser route, but during the wars, some diamonds and minerals moved through Angolan territory. Today, with cobalt so valuable, there are reports of smuggling southward into Angola or Namibia to bypass DRC controls. Across all of these routes, corruption is key. Smugglers bribe border guards, customs officers, military patrols, and even UN peacekeepers in some allegations to move shipments. A 2024 ISS report noted that poorly paid Congolese border officials at crossings to Zambia, Burundi, and Tanzania often take bribes to wave through cobalt smugglers. Similarly, militia checkpoints inside DRC often take their cut as minerals move toward frontiers. Each handoff along the chain adds a layer of distance from the original illicit source. And once out of DRC and into a neighboring state's export stream, the minerals enter the formal global market. For the 3Ts, a critical point is the smelter or refinery. These are the choke points identified by conflict mineral regulations. There are only a limited number of major smelters for tin, tantalum, and tungsten worldwide, and they in turn sell to component manufacturers. when a smelter in, say, Malaysia receives Rwandan-tagged coltan that was actually Congolese, it will produce tantalum ingots that are now virtually impossible to trace back. Downstream companies rely on paperwork provided, which has already been laundered upstream. This is how companies like Apple or Intel found themselves connected. Their suppliers buy metal from certified smelters, but if the certification schemes are corrupted, those companies inadvertently finance conflict. The Global Witness investigation showed that up to 90% of minerals entering one conflict-free scheme site were actually from unvalidated, possibly conflict sources. So, laundering occurs not just at borders, but even within supposedly responsible programs. For gold, laundering is even easier. Gold, once refined, is identical regardless of the source. Gold bought from Dubai refinery may contain metal from dozens of sources, legal or illegal. These bars are sold to banks, jewelers, or electronic firms. Dubai's role is pivotal here. It has been called out for weak oversight, essentially acting as the washing machine for dirty African gold. The UAE has pledged to tighten controls, but as of recent UN reports, conflict gold still often ends up in Dubai for purchase by dealers serving the global market. From there, it could go to a Swiss refinery for further purification or directly into jewelry manufacture. The ultimate buyers of this gold include major jewelry brands, bullion banks, and even central banks, which buy gold to hold in reserves. Most of these end users have no way of knowing their gold's bloody origins unless robust traceability is enforced, which currently it is not in the case of much artisanally mined gold. So, who ultimately benefits from this bloody economy? At the end of the chain, the ultimate beneficiaries of these minerals are widespread. The tech and electronics industry, for one, benefits from a steady supply of tantalum, tin, tungsten, and cobalt to produce consumer gadgets and appliances. Virtually every smartphone or laptop contains a few cents worth of tantalum from Congo and a few dollars worth of cobalt. This translates into billions in profit for tech companies and affordable devices for consumers, while DRC communities are left with pennies. The electric vehicle and renewable energy sector benefits from Congo's cobalt and copper. Auto giants and battery manufacturers depend on Congolese cobalt for lithium-ion batteries, and as they ramp up EV production, they benefit from large volumes of relatively cheap cobalt from DRC, often mined in substandard conditions. The world's push for green energy, ironically, has a dark underside in Congo's cobalt towns. And if we head down the gold markets, the global jewelry and bullion markets benefit from the gold. Jewelers get the gold they need for high-end products, investors get gold bars for trade and hedging. Much of this gold passes through exchanges in Dubai, Mumbai, Zurich, and London. The beauty and monetary value of gold on someone's neck or in a bank vault hides the brutal conditions under which a portion of that gold was extracted. National economies like Rwanda's and Uganda's benefit by adding value or capturing trade. Rwanda's export earnings from its minerals, Uganda's taxes, or at least the income of Uganda middlemen from the gold refining business, UAE's trade and finance sector from being the gold marketplace, all of these are ultimate beneficiaries of Congo's resources, albeit after they've been stripped away illegally. And finally, we have the consumers, who indirectly benefit from lower costs. If companies had to source only clean minerals, possibly at higher costs due to stricter labor and environmental standards, the price of electronics or jewelry might be higher. The grim reality is that the suffering of Congolese miners and the insecurity in the region have subsidized the lifestyles of consumers around the world. Every time someone buys a new smartphone or a piece of gold jewelry, there's a chance it contains a fragment of a conflict mineral from DRC. However, what the world is gradually forgetting is that there is a human cost to this trade. The conflict and illegal exploitation of minerals have had a devastating impact on the people of the DRC, especially in the east. The human cost can be seen across multiple dimensions. There are endless human rights abuses. Civilians in mining regions live under constant threat of human rights violations. Armed groups and undisciplined soldiers have committed mass killings, torture, rape, and enslavement. The prevalence of sexual violence is particularly horrifying. Tens of thousands of women and men have suffered rape, often with extreme brutality, used as a weapon to terrorize communities. Entire villages have been massacred or burned if they are suspected of siding with an enemy faction or simply to clear the area around a mine. Children have been recruited as soldiers by many groups, forced to fight or serve as porters or sex slaves. The eastern DRC conflict has been marked by horrific atrocities, leading some observers to label it a silent genocide. Though minerals are not the cause of hatred, they increase the brutality by funding these groups and giving them reasons to exert control over people. The sheer scale of abuses led the UN to have one of its largest peacekeeping forces in DRC. Yet, abuses still occur daily in some areas. Between 2017 and 2021, conflict-related killings and attacks on civilians actually increased, with over 100 armed groups operating and committing abuses. Impunity is common. Warlords rarely face justice until recently, when a few like Ntaganda and Lubanga were convicted by the ICC. But many others roam free or got integrated into the army without any form of punishment. This climate has traumatized the population. Many live in fear, having to choose between mining under armed coercion or fleeing their homes entirely. And there is also mass displacement. Eastern Congo has one of the largest internally displaced populations in the world. Over 5.6 million Congolese are internally displaced. More than 4 million of them in the eastern provinces and additionally about a million as refugees in neighboring countries. These numbers keep rising with each new clash. For instance, the recent M23 offensive displaced over 800,000 people in a matter of months. Displacement here means people abandon their farms, their homes, even schools, everything, and often end up in camps or living with host families. In these conditions, malnutrition and diseases are common. The ongoing instability, often tied to battles over resource-rich areas, means many families have been displaced multiple times over the years, never getting a chance to rebuild. A current example, in North Kivu, over 2.8 million are displaced. Many around Goma living in makeshift camps because fighting linked to M23 controlling resource areas has driven them out. Displacement also breaks social networks and can stoke ethnic tensions as people move into others' territories, sometimes causing friction. This is a humanitarian catastrophe, yet underreported globally. People of the DRC, especially children, are paying with their futures as conflict denies them education, stability, and basic services. And how about child labor and lost childhood? Many children are pulled into dangerous mining work or into armed groups. It has been estimated that in the early 2010s, some 40,000 children were working in mines in southern DRC, that is cobalt areas, and many thousands more in the east 3T and gold mines. Children as young as 7 years old have been found digging or washing minerals They suffer stunted growth, injuries, and lack of schooling. For example, around the Kolwezi cobalt mines, young boys carry heavy sacks of ore all day for a couple of dollars. In gold areas, kids inhale mercury fumes. Not only is this a gross violation of their rights, it perpetuates poverty. These kids aren't in schools, so they grow up illiterate and with few opportunities beyond the mines or militias. Child soldiers have likewise lost their childhood, forced to kill or endure abuse. The reintegration of ex-child soldiers is challenging given the trauma they've gone through. Most have to deal with diverse health crises along the way. The conflict environment and mining practices have created major health problems. In mining areas, there's often no access to clean water or medical care. Injuries on the ground go untreated or become infected. Mercury used in gold mining causes neurological damage. Many gold miners and their families have mercury in their systems from handling amalgam or from eating fish contaminated by mercury runoff. Dust and toxic metals around mines, like the fine particulates from crushing coltan or the radioactive elements that can accompany coltan or tin, causes respiratory illnesses and may contribute to birth defects. One study found more DNA damage in children near mining areas than those elsewhere and hinted at higher birth defect risk for miners' babies. Infectious diseases have flourished in war conditions with people hiding in forests or crowding in camps. Measles, cholera, and now even Ebola have taken many lives in this region. The stress and trauma also impacts mental health. PTSD and depression are widespread, but no support is forthcoming. To put things mildly, the people of the DRC have borne the burden of suffering that is immeasurable, largely because of the greed for their country's minerals. While armed actors and foreign companies make millions, ordinary Congolese have been killed, raped, uprooted, and impoverished. The human development indicators for eastern DRC read like those of a country at war, which it is, continuously impacted since the '90s. If there is any silver lining, it is that the world's awareness has increased. There are now campaigns and some programs aiming to channel the mineral wealth towards people's benefits. Example is conflict-free artisanal mining zones, donor-funded community development projects in mining However, until peace and rule of law are established, these efforts continue to face an uphill battle. And to you watching this, I think it's time you know that the true cost of our electronics and jewelry, if one factors in Congolese suffering, is astronomical and tragic. But whether or not anything can be done about this is a whole different matter.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarthaWilson-w5r [2 likes]: us allie is congo in 2025 yes yes yes yes 😊😊😊😊😊😊
  2. @MarthaWilson-w5r [1 likes]: will help us allie  is congo vs rawna  in 2025 today now yes yes 😊😊😊😊😊
  3. @Bannikure [1 likes]: will help us allie Congo in war rwanda in 2025 yes yes yes yes 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
  4. @Bannikure [1 likes]: us allie is Congo in 2025 Yes yes yes yes 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
  5. @Bannikure [1 likes]: us allie is Congo in 2025 Yes yes yes yes 🙂🙂🙂🙂
  6. @MarthaWilson-w5r [1 likes]: us allie is congo in 2025 yes yes yes yes 😊😊😊😊
  7. @abelcudjoesallah5274: Very informative. You’ve got a new follower. Keep up the good work. Love  from  🇬🇭
  8. @PrabhatKumar-fn4vy: I love your analysis.
  9. @LibaaxaHarti: I really hope 1 day in my lifetime African countries especially my country Somalia 🇸🇴  the DRC 🇨🇩 and Sudan 🇸🇩 can come together and thrive building a strong government that benefits its people in a good way
  10. @Mohammed-e7z6f: all the not happy people can still Hietsry Ukrainian
  11. @dsfsbvbxbbdfbdbx: i hope africa will bee strong to clima there wealth
  12. @Grandmanuv22Suncaressbeach: in-depth analysis of the woes befalling the richest country on earth. Its pathetic and ironical that Congolese live in abject poverty, despite the abundant wealth under their soil. Thank you for this elaborate narrative.
  13. @eileenclarke3670: I’ve listened to a number of podcasts concerning different countries in Africa. It appears to me there are several recurring themes, colonization, tribal differences, greed, corruption. Africa as a whole would be the richest continent on earth if these issues could be resolved. What a shame 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
  14. @MJS-y7b: Great coverage as always
  15. @kennethhunter9745: Just imagine if Africa were united; it could impose tariffs on Trump's America, much as he imposes tariffs on other nations worldwide. Plus, it could federalize and go after those on the continent who are only trying to enrich themselves. Understand, given how he and his sycophants hate black people, there is only one reason for him being in Africa in the first place. That said, please wake up, my Africa-UNITE!!!!!
  16. @DesireWoyike: why is rwanda doing this this is why i still prefer west africa we have our issues but its always internal i hope this aes and ecowas issue dont change it because internal conflict is already enough
  17. @emmanuelapac3315: JB, this is great work. Thank you for sharing this knowledge and information.
  18. @SomFabianSolo: watching a second time!!
  19. @The_Real_VillageIdiot: Jude you are an African treasure! Please never stop your storytelling
  20. @rayjunior5098: This breaks my heart

- Prepare & deliver a research presentation | Step-by-step process: Kind: captions Language: en delivering a presentation is an important aspect of your research career if you are pursuing any form of research or writing a technical paper or you are in a degree program be it undergrad masters or phd you will have to present your research or project work in the form of a presentation so how do you prepare and deliver an impactful research presentation well let's find out hi everyone i am neha graval i am the founder of isab communications and in this video i am going to walk you through the step-by-step process that you should follow to deliver a powerful research presentation this could be for your final year project thesis defense or even a conference as well so let's begin now the first thing is organizing your presentation so even before you start preparing the slides it's important to understand what exactly is going to be the content of your presentation so similar to a research paper your research presentation also have those sections which is the introduction the materials and methods the results and discussion and the conclusion section now you can also have additional slides of acknowledgements and references towards the end while i would strongly suggest that in the beginning you add the agenda or the content slide as it really sets the expectation for your audience right in the front now coming to each individual section so for the introduction section the first thing you need to do is lay out the background of your study and after that you deep dive into the literature review basically what other researchers have achieved in that field so far once you have established the literature review then you talk about your own research so basically what is the research gap that you've identified and what is the objective of your study now if you wish to know in detail what does research objective mean what does research gap mean i've actually made a detailed video about it before which is called how to write a research paper so you can check that out next comes the materials and methods section and here you're supposed to share the methodology that you followed in order to arrive at the results now generally in a research paper what do we do we write it in text correct step by step process that we have followed i would encourage you not to do that in a presentation but try and make a pictorial representation of it in the form of an illustration basically pictures of what exactly have you done in your experiment that way it will look more attractive once you've completed the materials and methods section we now come to the results and discussion section and here you're supposed to list down your results in the form of figures graphs or tables and along with that you put few lines of comments on each result basically attaching a meaning to each and every result and that is called as discussion so my tip here again would be to not write long sentences try to keep majority of the slide with the pictures with the tables with the figures that you are adding so majority of the slides should be occupied with that just few lines of comments on each picture on each graph would be enough and finally comes the conclusion and here you can summarize your achievements novelty of your research and the scope for future work so now i hope you are very clear with the content part of your presentation basically how are you going to organize it now if you wish to know more in detail what kind of information to include in each and every section how many slides should you prepare for each topic how much time should you devote on each and every section during the delivery well for that you can join me for my presentation course it's a five hour course which covers all these aspects the link is given in the description now coming to the next part which is presentation design and preparation and this includes your template slide text and most importantly the figures and the pictures that you include coming to the template the first thing you need to finalize is the slide design and here i would highly recommend that you choose a slide design which is professional yet simple at the same time make sure it doesn't occupy a lot of slide space because you need that space to include your information you can also choose a color scheme as well for your entire presentation and stick to it coming to the slide text now one of the most common mistakes i've seen researchers make is including a lot of information on their slides guys please don't do that nobody ever reads information from the slides so whatever key points you need to include make sure you do it in the form of bullet points that's it have few sentences on the slide so that anybody who wants to understand what those pictures are for they can refer to the bullet points in fact it will even help you to deliver your presentation as these bullet points will give you a hint as to what are you supposed to speak next and finally coming to the pictures so when it comes to the pictures make sure you include high quality ones do not use watermarked pictures and whichever pictures are not original basically which are not yours and you're taking it from another sauce make sure you cite the source this is extremely important when you are delivering research presentations now if you wish to know more details of how to prepare and design your presentation well i've prepared a very good video beforehand which is called how to make a killer presentation which you can check out otherwise if you want me to walk you through step by step of how to design your own research presentation you can join me for my presentation course the link is in the description and finally coming to the last but the most important part of a research presentation and that is delivery straight away let me tell you some of the most common mistakes that researchers make while delivering a presentation first is the speed with which they talk now what happens is that most researchers have spent months if not years working on their research project and then you just give them 10 minutes to present their research so what do they do in order to crunch in as much information as possible in those 10 minutes they speak really fast and by doing that they feel they are doing justice to their research but what they don't realize is that the audience can't follow anything so what is important here is to share only that much information which can be delivered in a very slow and calm manner so that the audience can understand properly now another common mistake that most researchers make is speaking the research language when delivering the presentation now whenever we have to deliver a presentation what do we do we prepare a script we learn it up and we deliver it right now what happens with researchers is that when they are preparing the script they write it in the same way as if they write a research paper now what you need to understand is the kind of language that goes in a research paper and the kind of language that you use when delivering a research can't have the same vocabulary or the same level of complexity you need to use simpler sentences with simple vocabulary so that people can follow i'm not saying you don't use your technical terms you don't use your research jargon do that but overall sentences that you prepare it should be short and simple for people to understand i would love to share more information with you but because of time crunch i'll have to stop here so guys i hope you've gotten a brief overview of how to organize prepare and deliver your research presentation now if you wish to learn all these things in detail from me please join me for my five hour presentation course not only does it talk about how to prepare a research presentation but it also covers all aspects of preparing a poster presentation for conferences if you wish to know more the link is given in the and now thank you so much for watching this video and i wish you have a fantastic research journey ahead [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shahidahalam6922 [3 likes]: thank you so much, you explained alot of things and aspects of the topic. the way you delivered it itself a thing to learn. thanks again.
  2. @Earthplanet360 [2 likes]: you helped me a lot in my post graduate research. love from Pakistan
  3. @WiseUpCommunications [1 likes]: 📌Join me for my Certification Courses:
✅'A-Z of Research Writing & Presentation' (with new AI tools 2026) 📝- 
https://wiseupcommunications.com/course/research-paper-writing/
✅Master AI Tools for Research - A Practical Step-by-Step Guide 2026🚀 - https://wiseupcommunications.com/course/master-research-ai-tools/
  4. @MohammadHSahil [1 likes]: Thank you Neha for the nice and detailed video. Looking forward to watching more of yours. Well done!
  5. @Dreamer21274 [1 likes]: I am currently doing a direct PhD in an IIT, have completed 1 year coursework and currently I'll be ending my third sem by giving a RP presentation. Can I downgrade it to masters after passing this sem?


Ps. My presentation's coming up in 10 days
  6. @jhanvijamwal: introduction 
materials and methods 
results and  discussions 
conclusion 
acknowledgements
  7. @karishmakhan7870: Awesome ❤
  8. @Robbstar0311: Subscribed because very much needed such videos by you
  9. @shabnam7105: Wow thank you mam❤
  10. @bafrensaifadin8344: thank you for this clear explanation, it is really helpful
  11. @nee7757: Can I make this kinda slide in research proposal presentation in PhD interview?
  12. @Lata_m04: Can we present our review article as well in the conference ?
  13. @xgamestvv: how to find where conference presentation is happening and can enroll for it
  14. @SnehaGarg-q4b: How can i talk about literature review during presentation delivery
  15. @chirag6517: really nice and pinpoint . Thanks !
  16. @SSStoriesworld: Tomorrow it will be my demo presentation to my supervisor 😇
  17. @Didipampam: Your video is really meaning and attractive in your video presentation as you talk and giving tips on Dilevering a presentation
  18. @yeasinmondal260: Thank you ma'am 😊
  19. @stesmuzammil7917: Really nice work appreciated
  20. @umarkhansaafi5819: You are so cute  thank you

- Sommelier Suggests Red Wine for your Valentine: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is johnny i'm an advanced somali 8th reporter master somalias i've been a psalm now for nine years and my only regret is i didn't start learning about wine earlier enough my goal here is to help wine education be just a bit more palatable for you valentine's day is approaching and if you're anything like me you're looking for that special bottle to buy that special valentine whether it be on an indoor restaurant wine list coming valentine's day in new york city thank goodness or if you're looking for that unusual quarantined valentine bottle a lot of great choices out there but for me i love the drink pinot noir one of the reasons that it's naturally a little bit higher in acidity which helps for food pairing it's also a nice light bodied red wine and soft tannins again nice and versatile for pairing and then it also can come in a range of different flavors from fruitiness to earthiness a couple different ways you can drink your pinot noir but for me i got two glasses in front of me this glass to your left is an ap or all-purpose glass i pretty much drink anything under the sun with this uh but when i'm drinking my nice peanut alarm i do like a nice goblet shaped uh glass this really helps swirl those aromatics around that i like to get out last thing is i like my pinot noir with a little bit of chill on it if you're at the retail store and you're coming on home maybe just pop that bottle in the fridge for about 15-20 minutes while you're having a little bit of white wine or if you're on that restaurant wine list hopefully they're keeping their cellar around 60 degrees at a nice several temperature nonetheless if it's still a little bit too warm pop it in the fridge again and you can chill that baby down one of my favorite places to drink pinot noir from is burgundy france uh the climate is a bit cooler there so the wines tend to yield a little bit more earthier flavors whether that's kind of dried fruits and dried flowers or some really nice forest floor one thing you can do to help mitigate that is you can buy from a warmer vintage maybe 2015 2012 or 2009 just to name a few a major thing to consider when shopping from burgundy is how you're going to celebrate burgundy does rank their vineyards and the price point will correlate in most cases you'll start out as your regional macro bergon or burgundy region and as long as the pinot noir is coming from burgundy that can be written on the label the next step is they'll narrow it down to a particular village uh this is actually a chardonnay bottling uh but you can see santa ben is written right here and the wine comes from that specific village next up is premier crew and on the label it might be written as a number or it could be spelled out premiere crew over time this vineyard has been ranked above the others and then lastly the creme de la creme you have crown crew where just the vineyard needs to be written here and the vineyard actually has its own appellation or region to itself there's only 24 of these in burgundy so it's very rare and the premier crew and grand cru typically always fetch the highest prices two of my other favorite regions to drink from is california and oregon california's got all that warmth and sunshine which makes the wines a little bit fruitier for me uh one big difference from the united states from burgundy france is that the united states doesn't rank the vineyards we have what we call an ava system or american viticultural area system and this outlines the similarities in the regions in california there is a couple of cool climate pockets that pinot noir loves to grow in for example today i have russian river valley which is really quite tasty and if you are that kind of beginner wine drinker california can be really great because again these wines are a little bit more fruitier in style a little bit easier going down and more approachable for you to be able to try out north of california we have oregon my example for that you can see yam hill carlton that is a smaller ava within the already small willamette valley ava i learned how to say that by saying willamette dammit in this small region there's seven smaller regions yam hill carlton being the one of them and there's two major soils that make up the region red jewelry clay which promotes red fruits and willow kensey soil which tends to lean on darker fruits listed here is a few other regions if you like pinot noir from another area i haven't mentioned here today or if you're looking to try something new also if you're looking to try a little bit of a different light red that's not pinot noir as well well that about does it for me today i hope i've unscrewed the cork for you in your bottle just a bit please let me know if i can pour any specific education in your glass next time please like my video below and follow me at johnny taste wine and check out my website at consultantsomalia.com happy valentine's day

  Top Comments:
  1. @frenchstyle1581 [1 likes]: Lot of great knowledge
  2. @frenchstyle1581: Very informative speaks clearly ❤

- 40 Iconic Burgundy Producers You Need to Know...: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guru and welcome to your new rt1 exchange video we get to the end of our six part series about defining rare wines from Burgundy water journey it's been talking about the different styles of fantastic Pinot Noirs and chardonnays that there was the classification so many wonders we've seen the series wouldn't be complete though without a word on some of the most iconic wine producers here in Burgundy there are literally thousands and thousands of wineries in Burgundy and a large number of them make outstanding in extremely reputable wines I won't be able to fit them all in here in one single video so we're going to focus on some of the most illustrious ones some of the most admissible names in the region names that are important to have in mind if you want to pretend to be a real burgundy wine connoisseur or intend to become one someday names you may want to research further after I've given you some information about them let's go and let's start from the north of the corridor with the extraordinary village of Shama Shama since we're talking here only about the interaction the very best producers you'll find that we focus here on some of the most sought-after conquer vineyards like glue Samba and loom easily the gong crews around romanée-conti vineyard involve Romani will talk about the clue to Boudreaux in high-end white wines as well so those will be these videos different chapters now in Revelation best understand name a legendary family-owned wine producer is the domain Alma do also an iconic name you must know even though the domain was established vertically recently in the early 20th century it's relatively speaking early for Burgundy for the worldwide reputation of the estate has skyrocketed over the past few decades under the control of our ma who sews song shout and shouts so now Eric also the domains vineya Holdings counts with 8.5 hectares of conquer sites including wines from Lucian better include the best absolutely iconic names now domain Yuka P is also the top name in Java shown after known as an old vine in organic wine specialist any wine made from vines younger than 30 years old by Duga P is Declassified by themselves and used to make the boogaloos even if it comes from a top vineyard this is to ensure consistent and elite level quality vintage after vintage Togepi makes three Concord Sean Burton magician Burton and Sean Sean Burton for all the big names making top jouvert wines look out for domain you Jack domain full Irish and domain copy the domains or who Mia is an absolute legend in Shambhala easily one of the longest established estate 14 domains in the quarter door for example of what this translates into then Lumina gone through the most prestigious wine easily retails for around ten thousand dollars a bottle although the winery also makes an iconic comic who called laser movers one of the very best publishers in Trumbull mutiny outside of Shambhala they also make a closer Boudreaux and Bona Marvel Romany culture domain Georgia you may remember this one now the domain comes to short the vogue way is a producer to be reckoned with here if only because they earn a spectacular person of the museum a concur that covers 7.2 hector's they own with this block 70% of the entire gronckle of limousine many consider the mutiny to be the finest vineyard in Burgundy so it's not a small holding is it drove the walkway also makes outstandingly Samoas Premier Cru that we've just talked about they also make a label man in Vaughn Romani just like Josh owe me iconic name also lookout for Shambhala mutiny wines made by the domain Jacques Frederick Mooney the family has owned the chateau de chambord mutiny the villages Chateau since 1863 and they make a fantastic extremely reputable music uncle as well and they make a liquid Premier Cru as well as the laser my voice oh top four miracles of Shambhala as well many producers and Mason's that own conclude in different parts of Burgundy also make top Shambhala mutiny wines everyone wants to have a little piece of the prestigious humble mutiny those include the domain favela reserved one or domain Lavoie the latter domain law was Musinga gongfu is simply the second most expensive wine in the world but we'll get back to Laura as a cult producer for itself in more details in just as we discussed in our episode about the different style variations of Pinot Noirs between different villages in Burgundy there's an entire episode dedicated to this a fascinating topic linking to it right here if you want to understand the difference between a poor mouse reverse ombre amusing even Raman etc fascinating looking to it right here now the Clos de Vougeot is the largest gongfu vineyard in Burgundy very large vineyard I think is like 80 or 100 different producers there but the one quality is vary depending on vineyards and producers quite a bit only some of the top producers with holdings in the higher parts of the floor make extremely thought after wines here and command the highest prices for clothes over show like the domain controllers a belly honey Andre LaRouche and yes again the domain lower which yes makes an outstanding crew do role wine like domain la romanée-conti they only make outstanding wines from various sites in Burgundy including in the flow division talking about those to Laura and DRC let's talk about what they are most famous for vulnerable wines just want it to give you a quick word on Claude who know some outstanding wines but let's move on to von Ramani and let's start with who have promised a few times that I will talk about here the domain you know what before we talk about romanée-conti domain Lola is owned by the former director and current shareholder of no one else then domain de la romanée-conti itself an icon of a woman she is in the world of wine her name is Lulu B's Lola she left the DLC board back in 1992 and had purchased before that in 1988 the domain shall Noella it was called at the time she changed the name to domain Laura as we know it today so a relatively new name in Burgundy but her wines command the very highest prices now in Burgundy right at the top with DRC the quality here comes from the top sites that they use of course but also a rare characteristic as the domain uses strict biodynamic principles to manage the vines the wine resellers are located in Vaughan romeny the estate counts with 23 hectares of vineyard in total and produces wines from the conquer sites of Cocteau an outlaw Boudreaux musingly Claude Lelouch Lafayette Roberta and Lucien beta itself in volume O'Neil no was Romanus and Evo invisible wines featuring the top 20 most expensive wines in the world like most of the wineries production really but let's talk about DRC a little too of course the mandala romanée-conti is possibly the most iconic wine producer in the whole entire world they do make the most expensive wine in the world uncontested or almost four decades now with their monopole gonk lavinia of the domain is named after code of course romanée-conti as an example only five thousand six hundred and seventy three bottles of romanée-conti include wine were produced in 2011 small production the wines retail somewhere from five thousand to twenty thousand dollars a bottle that's for a relatively recent vintage the domain also owns another illustris monopole of on Romany namely the own LA - well they also possess holdings in the prestigious vegetable in Houma nice and even here in vulnerable mining but they also own vineyards outside of one romani like the ashes Oh God and Morishige DRC produces seven red wines and one white and now only makes concrete wine those two names are so high in the world of wine and in von Romani that they somewhat overshadow perhaps the many outstanding other producers making iconic wines here in vulnera money I won't have time to elaborate much further about each of them here but I must quote at least the domain control Isabella Emmanuel mudiay Sylvain Katya Milka music an NGO and AF Corse and family the whole family is very significant involve Romani genre bow and arrow laughs ooh burgundy is dotted with conquering multiple vineyards fantastic concrete vineyards that make some of the best wines in the world and they belong to one single producer as a consequence the wineries that owns these specific vineyards automatically qualified as legendary producers if only for owning those sights entirely and of course making good wine fantastic wine out of them even though they also make fantastic wines from other vineyards in general so let's mention here the domaine du Clos Delambre who of course owns the entire 8 hectare of the clothes hombre con site in Maurice Antony similarly and also in Morrison Denis is the domain you close that and it's closed after multiple while the other illustris monopoles of von Romania didn't mention before our lagoon we owned by Francois La Marche and Lao money by the the Gigi Bella there are also a number of public whose dollar monopoles around burgundy including some that are among the most prestigious ones often wall vineyards or clothes that's what clue means like the club de pena that simmer so owned by domain album vivo the bone trauma conclude is useful made by domain desert Alicia do all the biggest moral vineyard in new in central that is called the clue the Marshall owned by domain Jacques Frederick many so we've talked a lot about red pinot noir wines here as they are indeed often the most collected and demanded wines from Burgundy but let's not forget the region also makes outstanding edge worthy chardonnays and some iconic producers are in fact more specialized in making whites rather than red some producers make a little bit of white here and there some producers make most of their wines as whites we must mention here the domain of flavor based in pelini mihashi of course who's more chic honk who is the uncontested most expensive white wine in the world retailing at around ten thousand dollars a bottle if that's not a winery right here the window flavor then what is the single white wine made by domaine de la romanée-conti that is also a miracie as well as the few white spider-men Levada we've talked about Aloha makes revelry mawashi Cocteau Solomon were also Lee Falacci appear in atomic all three whites by domain lo one all of those are called white wines we must also additionally mention a few important names in the world of Burgundy White's the wines by costly including top muscles and their costume Charlemagne the wines by domain harmony like their Moorish a the Chevalier mawashi botamo Oishi that they make artists who dreaming about them or Bernardo must raise Cocteau Charlemagne that's just to name a few iconic names and producers in the world of white Chardonnay wines from burgundy and I'll finish with a few names that I couldn't fit in here for the lack of time burgundy so vast and complex and must have messed many producers and I will still have after quoting those forgive me for this I've focused on some of the very best even very very best producers even though this doesn't pretend to be an exhaustive list it's difficult to be in Burgundy sorry about those I must still let's mention other names here that you must be familiar with and maybe look up further after this video domain PO so arrow Luciana lumen Luiza d'hubert Anya Jackie O Shah Pahlavi Rothstein and Pedro no Aayla so many fantastic names in Burgundy how to talk about them all but thanks for watching I'll leave it here for today I hope you've enjoyed the burgundy file finding rare wine series this fantastic journey that we had together over the past how many weeks has it been it's been fantastic if you've missed previous episodes you can catch up with them through the car links that will follow that will appear right here take care in the meantime and I will see you soon in the wonderful world of wine you

  Top Comments:
  1. @hermannfried4111 [2 likes]: Great series, thank you very much! Perfect preparation for my tasting next week and our trip to burgundy in September!
  2. @emiledumay4904 [2 likes]: Les bonnes marres ne sont pas à vosne mais sur chambolle et un peu sur Morey
  3. @PhilipConnolly-lb9vw [1 likes]: My guess is that 0.00000001% of YouTube viewers could contemplate buying one of the top wines from these domaines.
  4. @raymondprinsen9901 [1 likes]: Cros Parantoux from Jayer....?
  5. @jeanhauter7812 [1 likes]: Bernstein, bof.....expensive but not great. You could mention F.Raveneau, the king of Chablis!
  6. @jazzfrenchy4870 [1 likes]: D'Auvenay ? No ? Errr, ok.
  7. @thecoclesano [1 likes]: Excelent video.
  8. @JE-lj4rw [1 likes]: Brilliant - thank you
  9. @ransomcoates546: I don’t think I heard Étienne Sauzet.
  10. @Annie-rn9lr: So well summarized! Keep up the great work! Thank you 🙏
  11. @Rawi1994: Amazing video!
  12. @burgundian_system: wine of the ordensstat
  13. @juliengoiran: If you guys want to try good wines look up AMIOT SERVELLE!
  14. @thfrencl: Great video!!
  15. @timknguyen: Missed Albert Bichot & Louis Latour as important players in Bourgogne, and Clos des Lambrays is not a Monopole
  16. @aphonos4600: Burgundy easily becomes an obsession. When it gets its claws in you, it is hard to get them out.
  17. @JamesHill_III: Excellent!
  18. @0herzog: Slow down please.
  19. @alainpaul8531: Clos des Lambrays....? LVMH.....to avoid absolutely
  20. @vedadsanta517: Armand Rouessau , the best wine in the world.

- Jancis Robinson MW OBE shares her most memorable wines: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when I last which is the best line I have a stock answer which is Chevelle or 1947 which is a famous and wonderful wine so much so that it has been counterfeited multiple times I've been lucky enough to taste probably at least 12 different bottles and magnums that said Chevelle blonde 47 on the label and I'm confident that only two were actually the real thing and they but they were absolutely marvelous one was the bottom almost drakes of a magnum which had been brought by the Hong Kong finance secretary henry tang to burgundy and shared rather not fluently and i got there late and this just seemed like an absolute heaven and then another bottle was shared by a great wine lover known to british what television watchers Philip Schofield it was very kind of him PEP treated us to a lovely dinner with seven multiple vintages of Jebel bomb and 47 was the star rious 98 is completely stunning and I see from my tasting notes on Genesis Robinson calm I've been lucky enough to taste it twice recently once remainin and it's I think it's now tasting even better than the famous 78 and it's big 89 and so it's vibrant and it's precious and you know show a shadow nerve can be a bit too heavy and too sweet but this rious is just magical so really top bottles of Dom Perignon have hit the spot just 2002 even when it was launched and now it's in its p2 late release stage and that's stunning I think I'd have to put crystal in there me I think oh eight will be completely mind-blowing but probably not there yet one more well another that's the last one it's a funny one it's not just by any means of ground wine but it's utterly memorable it's when the children were but we only had two children they were both very very young and we were flying to New Zealand at a time when you could do it by Tahiti and so we stopped in Tahiti and on the plane the air New Zealand and mostess I didn't think new by any means that I rest my wine but in fact she was sorry for me traveling with two such young children although Nick was very helpful and she they had a leftover bottle of Charles Heidsieck champagne before Charles knives it was good it was really good and she very kindly gave me that for off time there and I just remember what the choking to bed and there was that wonderful southern sky and just lying on a sort of very luxuriant green something outside looking at the sky and sort of sipping this pretty ordinary but wonderful bottle of champagne you

  Top Comments:
  1. @htimsxam [12 likes]: 2014 Yellow Tail Pinot Noir that I picked up in 2022… simply marvelous.
  2. @stronzer59 [1 likes]: went to the Bar Rossa 40 yrs ago and found this joint that peddled 24% ports {loaded with Cognac}
At the time $15 a bottle so in now money around $120 a pop, sank 3 in one sitting and missed 3 work days  :face-green-smiling::face-green-smiling:
  3. @joesantamaria5874 [1 likes]: Chateau Pichon Lalande 1990, Volnay Caillerets 2009 from Christophe Vaudoisey, Chateau Pichon Baron 2016 at the Chateau. I still have a bit of each in the cellar. NV Berry Brother’s Twenty Year Old Tawny, made by Noval, absolutely ravishing.
  4. @brianmcdonald9298 [1 likes]: JL Chave Cuvée Cathelin 2003 i think it was, Roumier Bonne Mares 1997, Penfolds Kalimna Block 42 2004, Henri Bonneau Cuvée Celestins 1999, Clape Cornas 2010
  5. @ununleg [1 likes]: I hv 08 cristal!
  6. @ununleg [1 likes]: Charles heidsick
  7. @anthonys.3129: Phillip Schofield!!! Who’d have thought…
  8. @westgarthwines: 2002 Dom P2 is already so textured and precise, but with such a long life ahead of it, it's enormously exciting to see how it continues to develop!
  9. @fanatiek1: In my 40 years of wine consumption my best wines were Petrus 1949 and Cheval Blanc 1950. Difficult to say which one was the best wine. They were both awesome.
  10. @ptg01: Great list !!!

- 2002 Red Burgundy: Time To Mature | Stefan Neumann MS: Kind: captions Language: en the thing about the 2002 vintages that in general I couldn't be more pleased I couldn't be more happy it's very exciting not only to open this wines but what enjoy they are in the glass I think what he can see is that this look at a long way to go some of this wine so now you can easily get another 10 years another 20 years maybe even on there and you're like some of them this stuff is so fresh so elegant so pure I think the way how the Madrid is gracefully in every way pretty stunning along the way what does it tell us about this vintage is it's the one you want to buy is the one you want to drink and it's the one you want to keep so it's like it's the magical triangle you want to do everything with these wets [Music]

- A study in Musigny at Wine Watch: Kind: captions Language: en all right hello wine drinking people today is Thursday the 26th of January tomorrow night we are going to be taking down a whole lot of old madira going all the way back to 1795 oh even further I think we've got someone bringing why that's even older than that you can just feel the love and people bring stuff to our events we have enough wine it's not necessary but um you know some people just feel obligated to share with others that is the great thing about WI and the reason why we do so many of these once in A- lifetime events here at the wine watch you never know when your last day is going to be so always drink the good stuff first folks that is what we've got going on a week from tomorrow night here at the wine watch at one of the grandest tastings we'll have all this 2012 series one of the greatest GR creu in all of burgundy musini or Le musini this is uh my recent Detra the reason why I get out of bed in the morning folks to taste wines like this there is not enough time or money to really properly study the wines of M and you know if this tasting was going on anywhere else in the world Chicago London La it would cost five times the price four times the price at least $2,000 a b a person to attend an event like this we're going to show eight muin and in addition to that we are going to have a couple of balar uh one of the adjacent gr crews in the village of shamble musini leini although this uh gron crew is only been designated as of 1936 The Vineyard lusini has been known and recognized as a great Vineyard for several hundred years in burgundy and actually the name comes from a now extinct family Nini and uh they were part of the D Dukes of burgundy very important family at that time in the 14th century and uh this Vineyard site like I said you know considered one of the great Vineyard site the great the thing about burgundy and these you know Elites gron crew sites is they don't make 30,000 cases of WI not even 30,000 cases of M most people that make musini make a few hundred cases of it that is it George comp doogue jacqu prior uh we're going to have Freddy mun ra wine on the table tonight Louis Jad do uh jacqu I already mentioned jacqu Pier Pi Olive all the way back to 1964 including legendary vintages like 78s 88s 90 9599 some killer juice on the table of course Tony will be making a few small es to accompany the tasting wines but hey we're really here to study this great gr crew of L check it out in addition to all the stuff that we're going to be serving tonight I thought I would include everything that we have in the store from the village Shambo musini which is uh you know the simple classification and maybe not the best uh sites in burgundy they have a classification system that has a Village Wine premere crew in gr crew gr crew being the 1% of the top rated Vineyards 11% makes it into Premier crew and the rest would be classified as Village wine shimol m one of my favorite Village wines all of them are be on this offer as well as the premier cruise and we're going to throw Bon Mars on for the for you bon Mars lovers as well all right well check it out today I'm your host Andrew lampon signing off for the wine watch saying remember always drink the good stuff first

- Private Wine Clubs Hidden In Manhattan: Kind: captions Language: en Manhattan's hidden private wine clubs Manhattan known for its vibrant nightlife and luxury experiences houses some of the world's most exclusive private wine clubs these membersonly establishments provide wine lovers with rare vintages Exquisite pairings and sophisticated settings whether you're a collector or casual Enthusiast these hidden gems celebrate the art of wine in unique and luxurious ways here are some of the most coveted wine clubs tucked into Manhattan's Elite Corners The Nomad wine club at The Nomad Hotel The Nomad wine club offers an exceptional selection of global wines with a focus on curated tastings led by renowned selier membership includes access to rare wines exclusive dinners and Workshops the elegant intimate space paired with a thoughtful food menu creates a relaxed yet refined wine experience the wine society hidden in Midtown the wine Society provides an inviting unpretentious atmosphere for exploring rare wines from Boutique and renowned Vineyards members enjoy private tastings pairing dinners and workshops designed to deepen their wine knowledge the luxurious private dining and tasting areas make it one of Manhattan's most exclusive wine retreats chamers Street Wines located in Tribeca chamers Street Wines specializes in natural and biodynamic wines from small family run Vineyards membership offers access to exclusive tastings and direct interaction with wine producers with personalized recommendations and rare small batch bottles this club appeals to Serious enthusiasts corkbuzz Wine Studio Union Square's corkbuzz Wine Studio Blends luxury with education offering extensive wine programs for all levels members enjoy private tastings in-depth courses and tailored experiences in a modern elegant space its focus on education makes it a standout for those looking to elevate their wine expertise the Soho wine club nestled in SoHo the Soho wine club boasts a Chic Ambiance and a curated selection of small batch and limited edition wines members gain Early Access to rare vintages and can attend seasonal events featuring expertly paired menus by renowned chefs this club's luxurious setting is perfect for tastings and Gatherings the Society of wine Educators swe swe emphasizes education and expertise offering professional level courses and events in an exclusive setting members can pursue wine certifications like the certified Specialist of wine C BW while enjoying selier Le tastings and master classes this club Fosters a community of wine enthusiasts passionate about learning and sharing knowledge the mon talk Club while not solely a wine club The Mont talk Club in Brooklyn hosts wine focused events in a historic elegant setting members enjoy curated tastings wine dinners and rare wine auctions it's blend of tradition and exclusive ity makes it a Haven for connoisseurs seeking a sophisticated experience the lounge at the Four Seasons the lounge offers a luxurious wine experience within one of nyc's top hotels members access rare vintages from the Four Season Global seller private tastings and Gourmet pairings in an elegant Serene space the seller at the Modern hidden within the modern at the Museum of Modern Art the seller combines exceptional wines with fine dining members enjoy intimate pairing dinners and exclusive access to rare bottles in a Sleek contemporary space that elevates wine to an art form Manhattan's private wine clubs offer more than fine wine they provide exclusive communities where enthusiasts can indulge learn and connect whether you're seeking rare bottles deepening your wine knowledge or simply savoring exceptional experience is these clubs are the ultimate destinations for wine lovers in NYC don't forget to like this video and share it with your fellow wine enthusiasts have you ever been to one of these exclusive clubs or have a favorite wine spot in NYC let us know in the comments below we'd love to hear your thoughts

- Wine Experts Expose Common Wine Myths - New World: Kind: captions Language: en that's number one the first myth is that only red wine can age I think there's enough to prove that white wines especially noble sweet white wines but also Riesling can age pretty well in case you don't believe me I have some 50 60 year old Riesling wines in my cellar which beautifully well bit number two if it's big it's not necessarily good which is rubbish the Guam producers produce amazing ones and they're from swinging for the ants and also the other one if it's small and boutique then it's going to be different and eg which is not often the case as well so I think you know all wines on the merits is important here's the number three I think one of the preconceptions people have about closures as an interesting one so the difference between screw cap and caught there's still a bit of a hang-up over screw cap as a closure unwind there's a bit of association that it's with the cheaper ones but in fact that the New Zealand these days it really just guarantees you a consistent product and and there's no indication of you know the quality myth for obviously one that kept on coming up was about the other sparkling wine and the fact that when you open it is it okay that if you just leave it a day and you put a little the silver teaspoon and the top and mean what's the point in doing that you just you want to drink it fresh you want a nice and crisp and I think that one is a mess actually this number five that cheese has to come along with a red wine I think there are so many g's variations which fits perfectly to white wine think of a medium dry gewurztraminer or a sweet whistling coming along with a blue cheese that's a fantastic match you

- First Leaf Wine Club Review - Signup Process: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody this is Brendan with wine clubs nets and I just wanted to put together a very quick video to show you what it's like to sign up for the first leaf wine club so for start just when you come to their website there you can there's gonna be this little box right on the front here that says take the quiz so click that button and that's gonna ask you what type of wine should like to receive why it's reds mixed sparkling rose a I liked mostly red but just for the example I'm gonna put mixed I'm just gonna pass on sparking a rose a but if you didn't want to you know receive one of those you would just click them right here alright then it's gonna ask you what region you like to receive wines from I love California wines but I also like getting Italian wines and Australian wines so I'm just gonna leave it for mixed and that's gonna ask how many bottles per month do you drink well considering I run a website where I review wine clubs I drink a lot of wine every month some point six and that says go ahead and enter your email address and we'll reveal so let me just go ahead and I'll choose one of my email addresses mm-hmm and this is based on your interest in American international red and white wines we think you'll love the following selection so there comes up with selection of wines that they already have they've already sourced what they do is they try hundreds of bottles of wine every month and they find the ones that are the best and then they bring those to the met and their members so let's take a look here are the wines that they've chosen for me I see ones from Chile this one looks like maybe South Africa this one's definitely South Africa and can't Spain so let's get a little bit closer and see what the detail here we go okay so they go over the details right here okay so I'm they're gonna give me a Cabernet as something old from 2016 nice one a couple of awards intro price of only $6.65 alright here's another one from Spain 2018 medal winner and again only $6.65 and retails at $22 bottle an you can just go on down the list and you'll see all the wines that they have selected for you and you can even click to read more about the wines and what it retails for and then they give you their introductory offer which is only 3995 plus tax and you have free shipping and if you were to you know buy these as they are in the store you'd pay 135 dollars so this is a really really good deal and as you'll see in my other videos on the on the first leaf wine club review a webpage that I'll put in the link below this video I this is one of my favorite wine clubs I've been a member of wine clubs since oh boy like 2002 and tried probably about a hundred different wine club so at this point in time and this is one of my favorites right now just because the level of customization they provide and and just the the technology they use on their website is really really well done and the wines are outstanding alright so next like I'm just gonna go ahead and click go to checkout and this will take me to the checkout process where you get put in all your information you get to see your price 3995 review your wines and there you go so if you have any questions feel free to come on over to my website in fact I also see down here enter promo code I've got a section on my first leaf wine club review page about promo codes so go on over click the link down below this video if you're watching on youtube or if you're on are on the on my actual site right now then look for the coupon code and go ahead and enter that as well ok have a great day guys and hope you like the first leaf wine club as much as I do take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @ANTOINETTEWhite-u6z: I would love to sigmn up

- How to Choose the Perfect Wine Club: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello foodie fans welcome to the big food talk produced by tough monkey entertainment i'm your host sal konko this show supports restaurants chefs and food pioneers with your help head to bigfoodtalk.com to make your donation today or check out our fun apparel line with proceeds going directly to participating restaurants special thanks to the long island food council dyneli facebook group and yelp long island for supporting this episode calling all wine lovers for this special episode of the big food talk whether you're a wine connoisseur or new to tasting wines a wine club can be a great way to expand your knowledge and try new things listen in to hear from the founders and experts at wineclubgroup.com as they tell us how their website can help you find the perfect wine club no matter your taste budget or location welcome to the big food talk i'm so excited to have actual friends of mine that i've known for years on the show and you guys run an amazing website called wineclubgroup.com so tell me about it how did you guys start this why did you start this oh todd pointed so i guess i'll take over on this one um hey sal good to see you hey friends good to see you again i'm glad we're not drinking too much wine and eating nasty candy corn on this call like we did last time um so wineclubgroup.com todd trish and i have been friends for a while we met in the um internet marketing industry and wanted to build a website that we had some interest in um but really we're using it just to to learn more about internet marketing and such um we talked to some other friends who recommended that we look at wine clubs we did it looked like a good industry to get into and then we started learning a ton about um wine clubs and that allowed us to build out our site on clubgroup.com very cool so who is the uh the wine drinker in the group are all three of you equally wine drinkers in this group we're different type of wine drinkers todd's the serious wine drinker i'm the volume wine drinker we used to we used to be all i think we all like to enjoy our wine right and then after a while eric kind of like no i'm i'm more athletic and i don't want to drink anymore and i can't it interrupts with my programs and he's you know and he's very healthy and and i am not and so then he doesn't drink that anymore now here it is uh trisha and i still drink a little bit and we did some actually i brought some out just for this call from a wine club just to you know show it but we did a a tasting the other day with uh candy corn and wine pairing it kind of a silly thing that we did on the video but i think that was probably the last time that's eric's drank wine and the first time in a long time since right yeah probably the first time this year but the thing is with with with us and our and our website and the knowledge that we bring it's not always about the wine because the wine changes with wine clubs every month so we know generally you know if you say hey eric i'm having this for dinner you know what what can i you know what would you pull out of your basement or wine cellar you know i could say go for this or that and i think we could all we can all do that but when we talk about wine clubs we talk about everything around it we talk about how is the wine shipped how easy is it to send a gift what does a gift look like is a gift a card or is it um you know are you actually sending a shipment are you picking the lines for that person and the supplemental material which i'm sure we're going to be talking about a bit absolutely yeah so let's let's talk about some of the basics of this wine club like what really goes into a wine club what are the benefits why why should i be interested in a wine club um so wine clubs they vary a little bit depending on the type of club that you join so you may go to a local winery where you join the club specifically for that winery and you're only getting wine every single month or quarter whatever from that winery so you're going to have less of a selection um but it's it's going to be you know wine that you probably tasted locally because you visited that winery the wine clubs that we work with primarily are the ones that are online and so those different wine clubs um you're joining them initially and if you're joining as a subscription or even giving like a gift subscription you're getting an initial package that has some number of bottles of wine a set number of bottles of wine that you're going to get at the intervals that you determine and at the quality level that you're willing to pay for so there's a wide variety there um but a lot of times in that first shipment you might get like a gift with a purchase some kind of um special wine cork or something then you also are going to get in every shipment information about that wine and i think that's one of the best things about wine clubs is that you're not just getting a bottle of wine anybody can buy a bottle of wine but then you're trying to figure out like are you googling you know what does this wine pair with and what could i eat with it and how long am i supposed to keep this wine they pretty much take all of that guess work out for you so you get you know with that bottle of wine they're gonna say this wine is best enjoyed within a year because it's a cheap white wine this bottle should probably be kept three to five years because it's a nice red wine it should be stored this way this is the type of food they might even give you a recipe and say this is the ideal food to eat with this wine so you're just getting a lot of you're getting in addition to like the gifts that they give you to kind of hook you into the club you're getting this ongoing information which is like as eric mentioned before how we've learned so much it seems like it's it seems like you're really getting more of an experience right so you're you're not just buying a bottle it is an experience and i was trying to think this morning you know in coming on this on this podcast and thinking i'm not a foodie i'm not a person that considers myself a foodie but i love food and i love trying all foods and the best that i can compare it to in my head is that when i go to different cities or different countries my choice of activities are food tours because i want somebody there to show me what those people eat i want to know all about the different foods and i want a little bit of different things to try it out and figure out what i like and the wine clubs are very much like that it's you know i know i really like white wines or i know i really like red wines but that's as much as i know so give me some different types of each give me a little education about each and then when i walk away from that i've now learned something new about what i like very cool yeah i think so i've told the story before on the show so my wife and i we like to drink wine on friday night date nights especially since covid and so we're always tasting and testing different things but it's hard to figure out we go into liquor store we end up buying what we know most of the time because we don't want to get screwed with something we don't know you know kind of thing and so it's always that ongoing thing now she never drank wine before she met me she never had wine drank alcohol actually period before she met me so i really converted her um so in terms of like wine clubs is it for people who are novices if what if you're really a sophisticated wine drinker is the wine club something you'd really want to go for too who's really the customer here you know that's actually one thing i love about this as exactly what you're talking about if you know that you like maybe dry red wine like i know i like dry red wine right i know i like cabernet i've had a lot of good experiences drinking cabernet but i didn't realize until after getting involved with some wine clubs that i also like malbecs and i actually do like sumber lows right and it turns out maybe i do like this vma that i've never actually even considered right and so i like it because i can get exactly what i want i know i'm going to get what i want it's going to be about the same price that i expect maybe from the same regions that i expect or i can kind of expand out and learn from different regions and try different wines and maybe level up some of the price per bottle you know prices and find out wow there's some massive differences and or there's maybe it's not so big difference it's it's all about learning and growing and and so you kind of get best of both worlds know exactly what you want and get what you want and expand as well sure so what types of clubs are there based on like price how does it you know what is the range that somebody's looking to invest in for a wine club yeah i would you know you could probably get a a two bottle club for maybe 35 to 40 a month plus shipping um so you you definitely pay more per bottle through a wine club well i wouldn't say definitely a lot of the time you're paying more but they're handling that selection they're giving you that additional information um and you're also kind of paying just to have someone else make a decision for you which is huge these days right i mean we're all business owners we here you know we know that there's only so many decisions we can make during the day so it's nice just for someone to say here drink this and you're like oh well what is this what am i going to make with it oh here's the recipe to make with it too um so you do pay a little bit more um you can go up to oh maybe todd would know because i know he focuses on our high-end clubs what the highest is it's it depends you're right you know it's anywhere between 35 to 100 a shipment you know and it's it's all about what kind of wines you want you're right you know so in terms of the our mass normal market normally people are expecting about 35 to 40 dollars per shipment if you want to get three months as a gift oftentimes that's what we'll see it's under 150 bucks you can get a good gift for somebody they're gonna get for three months you know one month after one month after one month three different experiences three different shipments of really good wine for 150 bucks that's a really good gift so yeah as a gift that's probably the most popular one is coming in like todd said with two bottles per month and even for a self drinker you know two to three bottles a month is is a good um shipment to be receiving and you can keep that going forever um you can skip a shipment if you want you know maybe you fall behind because in the summertime you start you know picking up on craft beers or something like that you can pause your membership and pick it up in the fall again or you know whatever you'd like but you can also go bigger there's some clubs where um you know there's case clubs where you just here's a case of wine you know every three months and boy ups loves delivering those to my house as they walk up the driveway and you hear the bottles you know clanking and everything in there they know so you're also so you're also a volume drinker like tricia i'm a volume receiver of the line um and you know you you you definitely do get what you pay for you can do a a two bottle club at the 35 to 40 level and that's a good club it's good great information but if you know your you might want to go up to like the i mean what 80 club i think it's one of the highest ones um that's two bottles a month as well so who who's doing these clubs are they wineries that are doing these clubs do they make the wine too like trisha mentioned like local wineries that are doing clubs like who who are the brands behind these clubs like where do you get this who are you subscribing to it really varies a lot um one club that i am a member of it's more of a consumer restaurant based club it's i think they call themselves the biggest club wine club in the united states because they own restaurants so they do make and bottle their own wine and then they sell it in their restaurants and then so you're kind of getting the same wines repeatedly because they only have so many wines and like one wine of the month so in that case you know that's a club where it is it's a restaurant that's making a bottling their own um the ones that we tend to work with are more either um if it's a volume club if it's something like you mentioned where you might be giving a case of wine for 70 so that's 12 bottles of wine for you know 70 bucks sometimes mark down 60 bucks and free shipping you know that's not a really high quality wine you're looking more at decent wines at a volume at a label that you've never heard of so all of this stuff is just white labeled wine you'll never be able to figure out where it came from or who made it it's just whether you like it or not real quick a lot of that is um sale to answer your question but put on by marketing companies you know so like the npr wine club or um todd what was that one that you did the rock and roll one yeah the mines version yeah yeah you know you'll see a lot of the the big cases that are giving you um that cheaper wine are all about the label that makes sense one of my favorites is california wine club um we've worked with them since the very beginning and we've all kind of joined different clubs at different times with them and they work with small wineries so their basic their whole goal is to go out to these different um artisanal wineries all around the world and then they go and personally sample the wine from all these different places and so they buy them in you know kind of smaller chunks so they're helping these smaller wineries especially you know at a time where maybe they need some volume like maybe they're not selling as much now in their local restaurants so they're looking for somebody like california wine club to come in and buy up 100 cases of their wine to use for the club for that month and so they you know you get these bottles and it's a one-shot deal like they sell it one month and then it runs out because they're working with these small wineries so it's a way to just try a lot of different things from different places very cool yeah i mean that's right up my alley obviously i love food i love trying new things all the time so and i'm surprised i guess i i was close i was going to sign up for i think like wink when covid kind of first started and then i just i don't know somehow i just never got got around to doing it so it sounds like for the holidays i definitely need to get on this and get involved in a wine club i'd love to hear each from each of you which one is your favorite wine club to join right now oh i'll throw my ones i have a couple of them but there's one um from california wine club it's called the aged cabernet club it's it's a bit on the higher end and it's it's a very nice one the the cabernet's you're gonna get are big bold they're like event wines you know you bring them out for an event it's not just any day of the week you know you you're bringing out this a very nice bottle of wine so they have some really good wines that um the aged cabernet club um and there's a couple other ones but i love you guys you know i'm i i like the the process of um joining first leaf wine club it can be overwhelming to join a wine club and first leaf walks you through this process and like do you like chocolate like yes you know the more bitter the better and it gives you a sliding scale how do you drink your coffee you know black is night and it allows you to choose you know do you like this flavor that flavor and then it'll come up with a recommended wine club for you so i like first leaf with that um and then also as you receive your shipment you can come back and say oh i like this one or i didn't like this one and it keeps tweaking it for you but still you know instead of just throwing all different wines at you to see which one sticks um it kind of narrows your view a little bit so you know sale maybe that one's not the best for you if you want to you know look to expand but if someone knows that like i you know some people hate dry reds and if you if you said that with first leaf you're not going to receive one got it interesting that's that sounds great actually i like that that they're personalizing the experience for you and that would be probably great for somebody like my wife who she doesn't really know what she likes sometimes so for her putting in a flavor flavor profile that meets her expectations she might we might get some that she really likes and how about you trisha what's your faves my very favorite just for me personally is um the california wine club pacific northwest club and that's just because personally i prefer pinot grigio and pinot noir and that's what they produce in washington and oregon predominantly so every single shipment that i'm getting i do white and red and so i know that i'm getting something like a pinot noir and something like a pinot grigio um you know but in terms of gift giving that's a really specific one so like that's something that you've got to know that that's what you like and that's what you subscribe so i wouldn't give that one as a gift to someone because you don't know that they necessarily really like those sure sure that makes sense and so we're talking about gifting how do shipping laws play into this i'm in new york um you guys are uh eric you're upstate todd you're in the midwest well i don't know we can't call it the midwest right and trisha i forget where you're at but um indiana there you go so everybody's all over can we all get the same things and clubs shipped to us are there restrictions around this stuff no there are lots of restrictions and it's very complicated um as the resident attorney of the group it kind of falls to me to be the one that figures this kind of stuff out um shipping laws for alcohol are some of the strictest things the united states i mean you can literally be prosecuted for sending alcohol to the wrong state so one of the very best things about wine clubs and about what we're able to help people do on our site is we work with the wine clubs to figure out where they ship because every club ships somewhere different because they have to go to every single state look at what that state law is and in a lot of cases work with common carriers in different ways so in indiana they might have to be working with a local wine cellar they then make a deal with them to ship it to them and then they deliver it to me you don't want to have to mess with that if you're ordering for yourself or you're sending a gift you don't want to have to be the person trying to figure out if it's okay to send it somewhere or if you're going to get in trouble so um we rely on the wine clubs to do the heavy lifting of they know the laws they work out those agreements and then we work with the wine clubs to index all the wine clubs on our site so that when you come there you can just say i want to send wine to indiana and we say okay here's the six clubs that you can choose from and every page state page you go to on our site is going to look different because every state has different rules gotcha that makes sense and on that you know when you're if you're sending a you know you want to send a a wine club as a gift to someone in um i don't know virginia let's say if you if you sent them a gift card or a gift certificate that club might not even be able to ship to virginia so that's why you know using using our website there's a nice state map you can click around you can say okay i'm sending a gift to to florida virginia wherever and then we showed you the clubs that can actually ship there so sure you can buy a gift certificate but if the person can't redeem it it doesn't no good so that's definitely something to keep um keep in mind when you're sending a gift that sounds like a great tool you guys built so yeah i can go right there say if i'm shipping something to a friend in chicago or if i'm sending something to myself in new york i can know exactly which clubs match which state and deliverability what other resources do you have on the site to help people like wade through how to pick a club what what other type of resources and guides do you guys provide well i'd like to also point out that on our those shop by state page if you're ship to michigan for instance these are our favorite wine of the month clubs in rank in ranking order for you you know so the best and similarly if you know exactly what type of wine you're interested in i like red wines we have a very good resource guide for top red wines if you really want old red wines this is the page you want to go to to find the best red wines and of course then from there go to the shipping process um similarly you know for other other types of pallets we got those as well covered yeah and then other resources um i think an important one coming up is when's the last day i can order a wine club for it to be received as a gift um so you know it depends what your definition of is of you know sending a wine club as a gift um we see people that will obviously maybe in two weeks they'll order a wine club and have it shipped before christmas right and that works that works great we see quite a few sales christmas morning and i just picture like you know the family pulls into the the in-laws driveway and she looks at the husband and says you have the gift right and he just pulls out his phone and sends an e gift card and hits send okay yep it's sent so there's different ways to like that last minute shipping um kind of is a great resource and it varies based on how you know what i guess what you consider to be a deliberate gift sure that's great that's great info and you so with the holidays right around the corner do you guys have special offers or exclusives to your uh website and club through the different uh wine clubs so how does that work we're waiting through some of them now to bring up the the best deals and then also we're looking at it like you know some of them are by three months get one free other ones are free shipping all right what's the best deal out of that you know so we go through we actually put the items in our cart apply the coupon code see what the final price is to give you you know what the the best deal is we are talking with clubs to negotiate you know exclusive deals and everything and they'll be right on our page awesome and so do you have like an email list for people to go join so they can get these offers via email or some other way that they can figure it out i'll send that to trisha technically we have an email list but one of the things about our site is that you know once people buy wine clubs it's not like they're coming back a lot so once someone buys the wine they don't want us emailing them every month about other wine clubs because once you find a club you like most people tend to stay with it for a long time um so really it's more about like watching our social media because that's where we're always posting we're posting our deals we're posting our fun things like you know candy corn and wine pairings or halloween candy and wine or things like that so we're posting the fun wine stuff but then we're also saying hey by the way this is the last shipping day for this club this is the deal for this club so our social media is really the way to go to follow us awesome well we'll definitely connect with you guys all over social any last minute questions that i missed that people should know about wine clubs that we didn't cover today they make really fancy gifts that's the one thing that i will say and no one ever knows how much they cost so when you're trying to figure out a gift to send to somebody and you're thinking oh i could send them like a 50 amazon gift card or i could send them this wine club and they have no idea if it costs 30 or if it costs 100 so they just make really nice gifts because no one actually knows how much a wine club costs and at the end of the day it's way better than the jelly of the month club right this is the gift that keeps on giving though that's right i'm just going to add that you know sal you mentioned it when you're when you join a wine club it's an experience and the wine that you're drinking i always think that you know when i think back at some of my favorite bottles of wine it's not about the wine or even the food it's about the experience the people that i'm having it i had a great bottle of wine with these two guys a couple weeks ago and i mean the food that we were having it was the thanksgiving dinner candy corn it was absolutely disgusting um but the bottle of wine was so good but i think it says we were just having such a good time with it you know just laughing the entire night through so um it it might not be the very best wine but it is a great experience and when you build that great experience it just builds up you know the entire value that you're getting for it awesome awesome well thank you all for joining me today on the big food talk i hope everybody goes and checks out sign up for a wine club i'm not i know i'm going to i'm definitely going to check out the site uh right after we hang up and see if i can figure out something for the holidays for myself and the family great thanks al thanks for tuning in to the big food talk produced by tough monkey entertainment subscribe on itunes and wherever you listen to podcasts follow us on instagram for behind the scenes takes or watch complete episodes on youtube don't forget to make a donation at bigfoodtalk.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicholasmanolis4066 [1 likes]: Great information just in time for the holidays.
  2. @Australianprivatelabelwines: DO YOU WANT         HIGH QUALITY      AUSTRALIAN WINE MADE UNDER YOUR LABEL/BRAND? WE CAN DO IT!
Email: australian.private.label.wines@gmail.com

https://www.instagram.com/australian.private.label.wines/

https://twitter.com/label_wines

- Why Domaine de la Romanée-Conti wine costs $16,000 per bottle: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so we are looking at one of the most coveted wines in the world this is Jemaine de la romanée-conti of romanée-conti this is the 2009 it is a tiny little mana pole in Burgundy so it's Pinot Noir but it is on the list here a single bottle $16,000 well they're willing to spend it because of the pedigree of the wine because of the you know sort of the history of the wine and the property and also the fact that it's such a small production I mean for the world there's just not enough of it ever and especially when you get into now you're talking is this is a 2009 it's not the current vintage so even if more than half of this production has already been consumed so it just windle's individuals and dwindles until there's you know only a few left and then the prices just exponentially go up

  Top Comments:
  1. @kriterium123 [7 likes]: selling a French wine for 16.000 $ a bottle and not even trying to pronounce it in a remotely French-way. Truly American
  2. @trolololtrololol-v2w [1 likes]: Makes my brain tremble.
  3. @pennoo [1 likes]: Those were good ol' days when DRC Conti was only $16,000.
  4. @petercoderch589: "Why Domaine de la Romanée-Conti wine costs $16,000 per bottle." Because there are people out there that are stupid enough to pay that ridiculous sum for a bottle that has less than 1 liter of fermented grape juice in it. There is a saying:
"A fool and his money are soon parted."
  5. @davidruzylo8617: 500 cases a year. I’ve had it
  6. @slicksalmon6948: Thank Rudy Kurniawan.
  7. @tir4u: What is the cost for a sip? 😂
  8. @jeanpeuplu4926: Also, to get one bottle, you need to buy a case of 12, containing a panachée of the domain.
  9. @FrankQ777: Funny stuff 😅
  10. @BP-kx2ig: Why did you start your comment with ‘So’ - an annoying modern habit?
  11. @HelloWorld-hb7yt: they sell them at Costco, I wonder how many bottles are sold.
  12. @AudioVyl: and people say you cant tax the rich lol
  13. @scoon2117: God i hate winos
  14. @dklwhale: if coke cola only produces 4500 bottles per year...
  15. @CiaoBello21: “They’re able to produce more, but choose to keep yields low.” Now that’s a perfect example of supply and demand 😂 If they produced a lot more of these it would only cost as much as a Screaming Eagle or Harlen Estate wine bottle, which poor people like me still can’t afford 😂😊
  16. @tremendous1: I have a bottle of 1978 le domaine California extra dry champagne. I'm trying to find out how much it's worth. Can anyone help?
  17. @AnonymousTip-t4n: I thought it was 558,000$? 1945
  18. @tolgatarkanölmez: That doesn't really explain it.
  19. @samuelkundael3503: If I pay $16 000 for a bottle of wine, not only should I get hammered drunk but find my self in the ICU with a stolen cop car and a stolen tiger from the zoo inside the car.
  20. @Sashacolin7530: They deliberately make bad wine to sell good wine at stupid prices.

- Webinar: The Domaine de la Romanée-Conti (DRC) Collection: Kind: captions Language: en Um, thank you to everyone who has signed up and who is attending now. Um, I'm delighted to introduce uh myself. I'm Callum Woodcock. I'm the CEO of Winefi. I'm joined today by our head of investment, Matthew Small, and our head of data and analytics, Aaron Emily Daniel. We will be presenting today on our latest fine wine investment syndicate, the imagin imaginatively named Domain Dear Romy Conti collection or the DRC collection for short. For those uh who are not familiar with this particular producer, DRC wines are widely regarded as the most sought after in existence. Um, we offer investors the ability to co-own a diversified portfolio of DRC wines from as little as £5,000. And to put that uh into perspective, a single bottle of um their uh flagship Grand Crew can cost upwards of 20,000. So, it's a a very good use of a syndicate structure. This presentation will run through market conditions, the characteristics of fine wine as an asset class more generally uh and then we'll deep dive into this particular investment opportunity and our data methodology. Please feel free to ask questions in the chat as we go along and we'll also hold a a Q&A at the end so we will be able to answer any further questions that that we don't cover off during the core presentation. Without further ado, I will pass on to our head of investment, Matthew. Um so Matt Matt please please please take it away. >> Thank you Callum and uh thank you everyone for joining us today. Um so yeah today I'll be talking about class. Review uh the recent market performance and what we've seen recently and also why we believe DRC is a good investment. So first off the characteristics of fine wine. Well first off it's CGT exempt. Fine Wine is classified as a wasting asset under HMRC. That means no capital gains tax for investors and all of our syndicates are structured in this way uh to preserve this exemption. So every investor that uh gets involved in one of our syndicates or private portfolios receives uh a formal letter from our tax consultant confirming this CGT treatment. Secondly, uh fine wine is an excellent diversifier. So, it has what we call a low rolling correlation coefficient to asset classes such as equities, uh, bonds, commodities, real estate. And we don't suggest putting all your money into fine wine. No, but it's an excellent complement, uh, to a traditional portfolio. And then last time, fine wine uh, showed solid long-term growth. So, it has a unique interplay between demand and supply. One of the key characteristics of fine wine is its ability to age. Uh and as it age, it develops secondary and tertiary flavors. Basically, it tastes better and demand goes up. But at the same time, in the supply side, supply vintage is fixed. And then as the wines age, the supply decreases due to lost uh sorry consumption or or damage or the wines get lost. That means whenever a wine is at its peak drinking window, it's also at its scarcest. And it's this interplay between demand and supply that drives price over time. So why do we think now is a good time to invest in fine wine? Well, if we look at the live X1000 uh which is the industry broad-based uh benchmark, we can see uh kind of a bubble formation from the start of 2020 to August 2022. And this was the market uh being driven by COVID related factors. So first off there was an increase in the money supply. Central banks were printing money uh to ease COVID related issues through furlow payments. When you increase the money supply that also increases the price of fixed assets such as fine wine. A cohort of individuals had more disposable income. Uh they weren't spending their money on normal things like travel and holidays. So they had more money to spend on their passions like fine wine. And people were also drinking more alcohol uh over this period. Uh they weren't able to go out and socialize like they normally would. So for entertainment, alcohol consumption went up. And these factors drove the price of fine wine. But this came to an end uh around August 22. Inflation rose due to the fact there was an increase in the money supply and that caused central banks to increase interest rates. So higher interest rates are not good for the price of fine wine uh for two main reasons. First off, it reduces the risk premium from holding a liquid asset for fine wine. So there is capital uh relocation out of fine wine as an asset class, but also it increases people's propensity to save as opposed to consume, which is also not good for a consumable good. So we saw prices decrease and we also saw the effects of COVID reverse uh which is also another reason why prices came down and the result was a 34 uh month correction. But where are we now? Well, thankfully we're in this green area to the right hand side of the chart. Prices have returned to pre2020 levels. Forced selling has largely played out and we're now seeing stabilization uh and early green shoots in the market. So, it looks like an early cycle recovery entry point. So, what are we looking at here? Well, here we're looking at the supply side of the market. So, we're looking at the lowest list price of all the wines in our investment universe and how that's changed quarteron quarter. So, we've split each of the bars into three segments. The green there's been an increase in this prices. Yellow prices unchanged and red a decrease in prices. And you can see over the last number of quarters we've had an increase in prices increasing and a decrease in prices decreasing. So why does this matter? Well, from 2013 to 2022, prices kept going up in the fine wine market. Merchants were holding more stock than they traditionally would as uh it was an asset on their balance sheet and it was an increasing in value. But when prices fell, stock had to be sold and this prolonged the correction as there was an extra uh dump in supply. And that's why we had a bit of a 34month downturn which was largely inventory unwinding. But now we're starting to see uh a supply side equilibrium. Okay. So what then about the demand side? Well, here we're looking at the bid offer ratios over a number of indices on the livex. And bid offer ratio is basically comparing the value of bids to the value of offers. And it's a good way of reading demand in the market. So higher ratio, stronger demand, lower ratio, weaker buy interest. And we can see across all these indices, the bid offer ratio has been uh increasing over the various time periods. So one year, 3 months, one month, and to the end of Q4, they're they're at the highest they've been since the end of 2022. So this quarter and quarter improvement indicates buyers are coming back. They're attracted by better market pricing, but they're also more confident now that they're seeing a stabilization in the market. And then lastly, this takes us on to our our tradebased index. So our index only uses actual trade prices. They're wines that have traded at least once a quarter over the last 5 years. And this avoids distortions from steel list pricing. So why is this important? Well, over the last two quarters, uh, we've seen an increase in the trade price index, and this is the first time we've seen this since early 2022. And this confirms what we've seen from the LiveX1000. They're seeing a stabilization in prices. We've seen it on the supply side of the market. Prices are stabilizing. We're seeing an increase in demand on the bid side. And this is playing out now in our trade-based model where we're seeing prices increase from actual trade prices Um, and for those of you that attended our Lam Wheeler webinar in August, you you will have seen us hinting at this uh uh basically this market stabilization. And we're seeing this thesis now playing out over the last six months. So why invest in Romany country DRC wines? Why DRC matters? Well, it was founded in 1232 by monks of Abby St. Vant who started cultivating the uh the original Romany Ki monopole. The defining moment for DRC happened in the 1760s when the Roman ki vineyard was purchased by Louis Franto de Burbon. He was high nobility and aired at the French throne. Uh and he made the wines exclusively for himself and his fellow nobility. And this was when DRC became an untouchable aristocratic wine and the beginning of the DRC brand. But in modern times uh DRC has been owned by two families the or sorry managed by two families the Dlan family and the main lwa another large uh burgundy producer uh since 1942. And just some interesting facts about DRC. Well, DRC represents 65% of all wines traded in auction above £10,000. DRC Romany Conti is the most expensive wine ever sold at auction, achieving $558,000 for one bottle of the 1945 vintage uh in Sy's auction in 2018. And DRC has the highest average critic score of all Burgundian producers uh in our investment universe with an average critic score of 95 points and you'll see the full list in our investment deck which we'll provide after this presentation. So our permitted investment well it's the GR crews of Roman Conti and DRC is the only producer in the world that only holds GR crew vineyards. So what is a GR crew vineyard? was the highest vineyard classification in Burgundy uh which was formally recognized with the formation of the AOC system in 1937 and identify sites with exceptional soil optimal aspect uh and a unique microclimate and also is also based on their historical reputation to that date. And the interesting thing about Burgundy um due to their uh inheritance laws is multiple domains can own sites on the same vineyard. However, there are these rare instances where one domain occupies a whole vineyard and this is what we call a monopole and DRC has two and it's their flagship wines the Romany Conti and the Latash. And what makes this so special? These are two of the finest sites in Burgundy that no other producer has access to. And it's that quality and that scarcity and the brand power that really drives Romany Conte. So if we look at the wines, okay, we have the two Romany, the two monoples, Romany Ki and Latash. Then we have the Reeber Romany Savvant Grand Echiso and Echazo in the Kenui. And then in the Kabon, we've got the only GR crew site in the Kabon, the Corton uh red and then the two Montrice or sorry the two whites, the Monteset and the Corton Charlean. Now there is a 10th GR crew and it's the unicorn wine of Romany Ki and it's the Batard Montes that is just not uh released to the public. Um, and that is the ultimate collector's item, but unfortunately that there's no secondary market presence of that wine, so will not be included in the DRC collection, but if you ever see one, please let me know. Okay, so what on earth are all these circles? Well, this chart shows our returns and liquidity matrix, and each circle represents a producer or a domain. And on the x-axis we're looking at trade count. So this includes all the trades uh in our data set from UK, EU, US exchanges uh and auction houses and it's our proxy for liquidity. And then on the y- axis where we're looking at mean annualized returns over the last 10 years and it's our proxy for investment performance. And if we look at the purple shaded area at the top right, well, these are the wines that have really strong market liquidity and historic returns. And you can see in there in the large purple circle, that's DRC. But one of the things this chart doesn't show is annual production. And and this is really important. So DRC, for example, uh every vintage that it produces makes roughly 6,000 cases. It's had 40,000 individual trades in the secondary market over the last 10 years and uh it's kagger annual kager is around 12%. If we then compare that to the wines of donut whose production's roughly 50 to 100 times larger than DRC yet secondary market trading volumes less and also annualized returns is less. And then if we look left again, um maybe not so clear, but you can see lines highlighting a number of the first growths. First gross production again, considerably less in DRC, 10 to 20,000 cases of vintage and less returns. And and why is this important? Well, DRC has such strong global brand power that it has this unique asp or fundamental about its wines that it has really really good secondary market liquidity and consistent uh returns and the reason for this is well firstly is extremely difficult to acquire in the primary market so which has created a more uh a larger secondary market presence but secondary it's the global brand power of DRC um where demand outweighs supply. And then the last slide here, we'll we'll go into a little bit of investment geekiness, but here we're looking at uh three three kind of indices. We've got the wines of DRC uh from 1995 onwards. We have the producers of the burgundy 150 index from 1995 onwards x the wines of DRC and then the producers in the livex 1000 index xdrc and we can see here that lifetime kagger so annual returns for the wines of DRC is higher than the other two indices but then I'd also like to look at the current draw down so draw down is the difference from the previous market high to the current price so we're looking at October October 22 current market price and demand the DRC wines have decreased the most in price and what we say about DRC wines is they have a relatively high beta so when markets underperform they tend to underperform the market by more but when they outperform they outperform the market by more and that's also identified by okay it's a higher draw down currently but also has a higher lifetime kagger and why that's important now well if we go back to the kind of market timing slide slides and a review of recent events in the fine wine market. It looks like we're in a stabilization process with green chutter recovery and it's wines like DRC with that kind of beta profile that tend to outperform uh when you use that uh market timing. Okay. So, uh is there any questions so far? Nothing in the chat as of yet, but if anyone does have questions, please feel free to ask and we'll pick them up as we as we go along. As I mentioned at the beginning, we'll also do a a Q&A at the end. >> No worries. Well, I'd like to then pass on to Aaron. >> Do we want to answer the question from Oscar or we should we save them? >> Sure, let's let's answer it now. We've just made the offer. Um so Oscar has asked how do we source uh how do we source the wines or do we already have them for this syndicate presumably? >> So how firstly how do we source the wines? Um we work with a a large number of trusted merchants and um we we use exchanges as well and do we already own them? We will buy some wines ahead of the closing of the syndicate but the majority of our purchases will be made after the cap raise. um and we'll begin sourcing the wines then over a two to three month period after that. The reason why is we want to reduce timing risk instead of buying all the wines at once. Um and also it gives us uh time to take advantage of better market deals. >> And it allows us to tailor the portfolio to how much we actually raise for the syndicate. >> Great. Um Aaron, over to you. >> Great. Well, um, thank you very much, Matt. I thoroughly enjoyed that. Um, and that's coming from someone who gets to see you every day. And I will forgive you for calling my section the geeky part. I will try to make this as not geeky as possible. Um, so I'm going to talk a little bit about our data, um, and asset selection process in particular. Um, I am Callum, as Callum said, I'm the head of data here. And really my job can be summarized as um, using data to select the right assets for our clients. Um so why is that important and why is data le asset selection important? So not all investment grade wines are created equal um and not all investment grade wines present equal investment opportunities and that is true even within DRC itself um and especially true in the modern day fine wine markets. So here you can see uh a plot uh of the difference quite a big difference between the mean returns of the top performing 50% of DRC wines and the bottom performing um 50% of DRC wines over the last 5 years. So um that's a 52% spread and it's pretty significant. Um and obviously in light of this being able to analyze the opportunities uh at scale and select wines um for investment uh that are most likely to appreciate and and outperform the market and also buy them crucially at the right prices um because those are the two um key elements to sourcing well um at scale is really important. Um, so my job and and in the data department here, our job um is to identify these wines as well as we can before the fact. So I'm going to talk a little bit about how we identify these wines. This is a very involved process that I tried to condense down as much as possible. Um so we basically are testing theories um on how can we predict which wines uh will be those that outperform the market that create alpha and implement those theories at scale. Um so what we're really doing is finding and building variables that are predictive of future outperformance. And those might be ideas that come from in within the team. They might it might be common wisdom within the fine wine markets. Um and we look at every per investment period in history and see which of these variables have proven consistently to be predictive of future returns. Um so these variables are quite a bit more complex than say just critic scores alone. Um but to use critic scores as as a simple example um in recent history critic scores of course play a a massive role in our modeling. Um but uh the raw score in recent history for example has actually proven um the higher it is to be negatively predictive of alpha. Um so we've seen in recent years um whereas it might have been true in the past that over long investment periods to buy 100 point wines early in their life cycle would have outperformed market mean. Now we actually see that that um that element being priced in and merchants using high scores in some cases. is this is this is never a hard and fast rule uh to justify higher entry prices which reduces returns especially over shorting shorter holding periods uh between say four and seven years. So um that's just one example and then once we've created uh all of these variables and included them in our modeling um we basically perform a ton of simulations to see how would this modeling have done in the past and that is what I'm going to dig into a little bit now. So, it's all well and good um to have found all these variables but and built a model and and we call it our WIS model which is the Wifi investment score that essentially ranks wines from zero to 100 based on their likelihood to outperform the market. Um once we built that score, how do we know it's working? Um and this process is is called back testing. It's our historical back testing of our asset selection model aka the WS score. And what we do is we pretend it's a point in the past. So say in this example, it's 2020. We hide all of the future data from our modeling and we train our regression models on each of the predictive errors we we've identified to optimize their weightings based on historical trends. We use this trained model which only knows everything up to 2020 as if it was 2020 to make WIS scores for the full universe of investment grade wines. And then it's as simple as checking um how well our predictions did versus the actual returns over in this example the next five years. Um and we repeat this process not just for 2020 but for every year uh in our case from 20 excuse me 2009 onwards to make sure that our model was performing consistently over time consistently over market conditions um and is optimized uh for not just trends that were um temporary but is robust across time. Um so you can see in this plot here this is an example simulation of when we set a WS score minimum I think to 60 and portfolios of 100,000 um pounds I think the syndicate um we like to keep it on the r on the lower range because then uh it represents especially in a syndicate like this uh the more risky example and we're stress testing the model a little bit more um and we always always always will be leaning towards the more cautious um approach approach from the data front. Um, and we set a minimum score in this case I think of 70, a WS score of 70, and then simulated a ton of portfolio to see how did those perform over a 5year hold period versus the benchmark. And you can see here that there's um consistent significant outperformance with the mean being um significantly above in this case the regional benchmark which would have been the LiveX 150. And that's it from me. So should we move on to questions? >> Yeah, absolutely. We've had uh one come in and apologies if I'm mispronouncing this, but from data um she has asked where we collect our data from or our different sources. >> We have um data from a ton of different sources and you can probably split it into listing data. So offers for wines, uh trade data, uh transactions for wines, um and then the whole world of critic data and of course bids, um and other sources of reviews. Um we get our data from a mixture of proprietary sources, um and aggregators like the LiveX and Wine Decider and Wine Labs. Um and we intentionally get data from multiple sources uh to cover all of our bases and allow the aggregators to sense check one another. So, if we see an unusual looking lowest list price, we can look at other sources of the data and verify. Um, oh, and wine searcher, I forgot to mention as well. Um, and verify where that's coming from. So, everywhere we we've had a couple of people from LiveX join the call, so I'm glad you gave them the the shout out they deserve there, Aaron. Do we have any any further questions on the presentation or the business or anything more general? Good question. Um, why offer a pure DRC syndicate at all when each bottle trades independently in a selectively curated portfolio could in theory deliver higher returns? Um, Matt, Aaron, would either of you like to take that question? >> Sure. Well, it's like putting all your eggs into one basket. Yeah, you may pick the one that outperforms, but you've also increased your portfolio risk significantly. So what we do and Aaron can add a bit to this with the WIS modeling and and why actually a syndicate is is a really good method here is returns are more consistent in larger portfolios that are diversified and that's one of the beauties of the syndicate model as well. You're getting access to a fully diversified portfolio for a fraction of the entry cost. >> Yes. So just to add on top of that um I think that my interpretation of the question is basically why would we invest in just DLC when we can invest in a diversified portfolio of all wines. Um and the truth is this is a distinct investment opportunity um compared to other syndicates that we do run and will run in future that are that are say regionally diversified or or across a basket of producers. This is saying um we have a thesis on DLC and it's higher risk than diversifying across multiple producers and multiple regions but the potential reward could be higher. Um so that's why we think it's the right time to focus on this producer. Um and it's for those that are are willing to um go for that slightly higher risk, higher reward approach. >> Yes. Wow. Um so uh well I'll tread carefully here because um clearly this is uh an ongoing issue. Um but based on publicly available information on their website um the the first major issue that they have encountered is that they have not segregated by the looks of things their clients wines. I believe the wording of the uh the the trading standards notice on the website mentions that only 20% of wines are are actually within client accounts. Uh we have since inception um ensured that uh our wines both for our private portfolio so portfolios entirely owned by an individual and those owned by syndicate members um are clearly identified and legally segregated within uh cotry vaults which is our our third party storage provider. Uh we are actually able to provide a letter of attestation from cotry vaults so from a third party to that effect. Um, and there is a third party point of contact at Cosri Vaults at a senior level that you would be um, you would be able to to confirm that with. So, you don't even have to simply take WFI's word for it. You can confirm it with a with a third party. Um, I hope that answers that that question. Um, but of course that is critically important. Any further questions? And I was I was anticipating a question like that on this particular webinar. So, I'm glad it's come up early. Great. Well, if um I appreciate people might be thinking of questions. So, Aaron, if I if I could ask you one, in fact, we've just had one come in. I understand why you would offer different investment portfolios specialized on particular regions just like any investment, but wouldn't it be wide to include other sought after Burgundies? Um for example uh reachable Russo wines where demand might behave simultaneously. Matt one for you. So interesting on I mean Russo and Javro Reeseburg very very top top producers. Um kind of bring back to that liquidity slide that we showed earlier. DRC has this unique combination of high liquidity, high returns and where this is also important and we didn't talk about it but it's a great factor is the exit of DRC and the the secondary market of DRC on the way out uh makes it again a very compelling investment case. So uh as Aaron said a a minute ago, we have done um so for example, we've b two burgundy syndicates which would include uh both the wines you mentioned there, both the producers you mentioned there. Um however, this is a specialty case on DRC um for the reasons that we mentioned in the in the presentation. >> Yeah. Um fully agreed. I think it's also probably worth uh touching on the fact that all of our syndicates are thematic. So they might be based on a certain investment strategy. They might be regionally thematic. So we have run as Matt alluded to there. Um again creatively named but the Burgundy collection and and Burgundy 2 which was a second iteration of that particular strategy. Um this one is thematic but around a a single producer. You mentioned that fine wine is often exempt from CGT. Does this apply to everyone in the DRC syndicate or are there any nuances that we should be aware of? Uh there are nuances. So um as as Matt alluded to, fine wine is exempt from capital gains tax in many circumstances under HMRC's wasting asset allocation. All syndicate members are provided with a letter of recommendation from a third party uh UK tax specialist to that effect that they can share with their own advisers. Um but uh it is worth mentioning that we only provide that for UK investors and the tax treatment of fine wine varies considerably internationally. Um it might be of interest to to some people listening um to understand why we use the phrase in many circumstances. Um the way that HMRC approaches it is that the wine must have a useful life. So based on drinking window a predictable useful life less than 50 years. Um now whilst that would include all wine within wine portfolios specifically because we select wines that fit that criteria uh it wouldn't include fortified wine. So port for example which often surprises people or certain um sweet wines like chat for example that can that can be um preserved for you know 100 plus years. So hopefully that answers that question. Um but it's why we provide a a third party letter of recommendation. What happens if Reeves removes this? Will you liquidate the portfolio ASAP? Um I mean Matt, maybe one for you on liquidation. Um, but if Reeves removes this, the tax treatment of fine wine will will change. Um, I intuitively don't understand why we would liquidate the portfolio ASAP. Um, unless it was to try and, you know, catch the CGT prior to the the changes being implemented. Um, and I I imagine that would depend on performance, but Matt, I think you're probably best placed to elaborate on that answer. I mean there's been no indication that that would happen. If it did and we started to see a material impact on the cost of the wines, we would recommend a quick liquidation, but we would have to see what the actual impact on the wines were. Uh I if that was to happen. Yeah. Um, I have a question for you, Aaron, that you alluded to, but I I think is is quite interesting. Um, which is around the right time to buy wines. Um, and I know we've done some specific work on on Burgundy and and more globally on that front, but a lot of people listening who perhaps have bought wine through a merchant uh in the past or perhaps just into wine will often have heard that, you know, the best way to quote unquote invest in wine is to buy young and hold for the long term. you know, buy it, release and hold for 10, 15 years. Obviously, the anticipated holding period for this particular syndicate is five years. So, can you talk a little bit about why our approach differs um because I think it would be it would be interesting. >> Yeah. Um so, uh there's a few parts to that. One is that um historically and the the the um commonly passed on advice has been to to purchase wines very early in their life cycle or andor on release um during on prem. Um but uh we found in our data especially recently um that you know onrem is becoming like investing in a company at an IPO. It could plummet as the market decides that actually that price was not where it should be. Um and frequently that has happened especially recently. Um and actually we find that on average the best time to invest in wines um is closer towards the start of a drinking window uh and actually persists pretty well during the drinking window. It doesn't flatten out as much as many people say it does and um we see another spike towards the end of wines's drinking window on average. And these drinking windows differ significantly across regions. they differ significantly across producers and and even can be uh ranked based on the on the scorings of the wines. Um but our goal uh isn't to invest your money for 15 years and hope that we capture during those 15 years the best period in terms of appreciation of that fine wine's life cycle. Our goal is to buy the wine at the period where it's going to have the best appreciation um during its life cycle. Um so that's that that's why um we we can and do focus on shorter holding periods. Um I don't disagree that um if you hold wines for a significant you know 10 to 15 year period of time uh you can have strong investment performance but um I would uh push back that uh you're just allowing time to capture something that can be identified uh more accurately through data. Thank you very much. Do we have any final questions in the chat? So, we've had one from Andrew. We talked about institutional grade data. How does this specific selection of DSSE pass our screening process? I know you touched on that, Aaron. Um, but do you want to expand on that question? Um, I'm not sure I understand institutional grade data part of the question, >> meaning I guess the the rigor of the approach. I I I assume I assume I assume that's the case, Andrew. So, please um correct me if I'm wrong, but >> yeah, go on. >> So, yeah. Um, well, our committee obviously are there to pass a qualitative lens over everything we do. um that our committee ranges from experienced fine wine uh investors, you know, with 30 plus years um who have seen it all in the industry to uh one of the leading academics in fine wine. So depending on the committee member, they're screening for different things, but they'll sense check um are the things our model outputting actually making sense? Um and actually they will to touch on your point on institutional grade data will actually check the the kind of uh this this pricing looks strange to me. Can you can you tell me if it is strange or if it's actually true? Um so they will go down to that detail with us and then the on the academic side we're actually checking the academic rigor of our modeling. you know, if we built this model that um for example, uh is designed to explain the movement of the fine wine market. Um have we done it in a rigorous way and have we done the necessary robustness checks for example? Um so yeah, there's quite a bit that goes into the kind of screening from our investment committee. Yeah, I think that's a an important point to make as well because I think that because we talk about quantitative analysis quite a lot because we understand that it is a bit of a an edge for us and a bit of a USP as well. We do have that qualitative overlay. Um so there is um you know an experienced human or humans in the loop when it comes to reviewing our portfolios. Any final questions before we wrap up? I will assume not but usually one comes in just as I am wrapping up. So if it is then we'll go back. Um but thank you so much to to everyone that attended this webinar. We will be in touch afterwards with a recording of the webinar and the deck itself along with an overview of this opportunity. Um our target close date uh for this particular investment is the 8th of March but we have a fixed limit in terms of the number of syndicate members that we can welcome in and we are already 80% on target. So, if you do want to get involved or find out more, please get in touch. Um, we would be happy to to take a one-to-one call or send over any further information that you need to make a decision. Um, I hope this webinar was insightful. Um, I learned a lot. Thank you, Matt and Aaron. Um, and thank you both as well for uh for taking the time to to prepare the presentation. Thank you everyone and have a great rest of the day. >> Thanks everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WineFi_Invest: If you are considering investing in fine wine, book a call with WineFi's investment team by clicking here: https://calendly.com/matthew-small-winefi/30min?utm_medium=social&utm_source=youtube

- Can the fine wine market maintain its performance? | FT Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Few would argue that we aren't living in turbulent times. But today I've come to a particularly serene part of southeast England to find out how an evolving fine wine market is responding to an assortment of traditional and not so traditional challenges, ranging from long-term weather patterns to pandemics. It's very strong. The market has moved from being a UK-centric type investment to right now, worldwide. And there are more platforms cycling up all the time. In fact, the Live-ex 100, the leading industry exchange of the secondary market, has risen by around a third over the past two years. They are very, very good at putting out information as to the state of the wine market in general. And they are saying that it's extremely robust. Over the past 10 years, when it comes to luxury investments' performance, wine has trailed only cars and rare whisky, according to the Knight Frank Investment Index. But this global market is facing a global issue that could well affect investment values and prices in the longer term - climate change. The major wine regions for investment are all on the same latitude. So you start off with Napa Valley in California, on the West Coast of the United States, through to Bordeaux, through to Burgundy. And of course, these regions are getting hotter and/or colder. As our climate changes, it could make it harder to produce future vintages of the quality we're used to. Climate change is going to play a part in the wine life. That said, with wine, if there is no more Bordeaux, then the wines that are held with customers are only going to increase in value. Of course, climate change could eventually influence supply the other way by actually opening up new areas for quality wine production. The Champagne region of France, for example, is an area seen as being particularly susceptible to climate change, which is why famed champagne houses, like Pomeroy and Taittinger, are now looking to places they would never previously have considered for production. Big international players have come into the English wine scene to invest in their own vineyards, put their money where their mouth is, and recognise how special the southeast of England is. The effect of climate change will, of course, be gradual. But I have come to the UK's oldest wine merchant, Berry Brothers, founded in 1698, to learn more about how certain aspects of the markets are changing now. Some good ordinary clarets, are they? Yes, my favourite. The company stores around £1bn worth of wine for private clients. There may be a few thousand bottles here, maybe. I actually don't know the exact figure. In Basingstoke we currently have a facility for 9mn bottles. Spending on fine wines actually increased throughout the recent pandemic. And sales for its en Primeur season, which allows collectors to buy the most recent vintage before it is bottled, were up over 40 per cent in 2021 compared with 2019. As sales grow, and with greater volumes being traded across the world, ensuring the origin and care of their wine is as it should be is becoming ever more important for collectors. The bulk of what I do is looking to check that everything that we sell is absolutely as pristine as it should be, and that it's come from the right place so that the provenance is correct, that it's been stored correctly on the way into us. In times of higher inflation, as we're seeing now, physical assets do have the potential to offer solid returns. But wine can entail higher costs than other investments due to factors like shipping and storage. It's seldom a short-term investment, and concerns about counterfeiting are also becoming more prominent. It wasn't really an issue up until about 10 years ago. Now it's something which everyone asks us about. Cases like that of Rudy Kurniawan, who in 2013 was convicted of wine fraud for selling tens of millions of fake wines, have thrown a spotlight on counterfeiting. So how big of a problem is wine fraud nowadays? The more common types of wine fraud is mass produced bottling of perfectly potable table wine with a more expensive label on it. And that's happening probably as we speak. Somewhere in the world, somebody is bottling something which is not what it says on the label. Combating the frauds takes various techniques and technologies, both old and more recent. Can you see the fluorescing lights and the fluorescing label there? Yeah. But there are two tiny little holograms in the shape of a cloverleaf. Their position moves with every vintage. Other verification systems can range from nanochips to tracking numbers and even a system that matches a unique pattern of air bubbles under the cap to an image kept on file. One relatively recent development uses blockchain technology to help gain clarity over a bottle's condition and whereabouts across the supply chain. When you've got a broken supply chain, actually, that's the best time, in my opinion, to commit fraud. So what we're doing is saying, actually, we may make 5,000 or 500, depending on what's going out of a QR code that will be unique to that bottle and that batch. Can you show me how this sort of technology would actually work in practise then? We're going to scan that code as so, and now we're going to go into temperature, humidity, and GPS location of that bottle. Systems like Chainvine won't be for everyone. But in a global survey of wineries last year, blockchain technology ranked second of all technologies they saw as having the highest priority of importance to develop. As for the wine investment market, if it wants to build on strong recent performance, it will have to adapt to the constant changes coming from both inside and outside the industry.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sommeliermicheleorbolato9896 [3 likes]: Great quality content! Yes, it's true fine wines can be an alternative to more common assets, such as property or stocks. However, you really need to know what you are doing and preserve them correctly. Keep in mind that preserving and storing the wine correctly is expensive and reduces your return on investment.
  2. @JosephKulik2016 [2 likes]: The ONLY Reason why Some fine wines are so expensive is because PT Barnum was correct when he observed that:  "There's a Sucker born every minute !!!"  I moved to San Francisco in 1969, and I spent years thereafter engrossed with the wineries of the Napa Valley.  I tasted and bought many fine bottles of wine, some even quite expensive.  But my overall impression now is that thinking of fine wine as an "asset" is a Pretentious and Overwrought Idea.  The basic reality is that any bottle of wine is just fermented grape juice, and any monetary value placed on a bottle of wine beyond that is simply a product of a Pompous and Pretentious Imagination to some degree.  That there is even such a thing as "Wine fraud" is indicative of how Astronomical and Unreal the price of fine wine has become.  I must confess that I've never looked at my love for fine wine as a Portal to Snob Society.  I just drink wine for its simple pleasures, and that's good enough for me.
  3. @vlado2701 [2 likes]: ~~Who drinks , he does not know about the dangers of wine ; 
~~Who does not drink does not know about it benefit.
  4. @roxxycrystals [1 likes]: May all being be healthy, be well, be free!
  5. @tptp5118 [1 likes]: Treasures in Heaven Matthew 6 NIV

19 “Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. 20 But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. 21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.

22 “The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy,[c] your whole body will be full of light. 23 But if your eyes are unhealthy,[d] your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!

24 “No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.

Do Not Worry

25 “Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life[e]?

28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.ll
  6. @hungsonpham6226 [1 likes]: Awesome, I’m reading a lot materials involved in this sector as well.
  7. @missourimongoose8858 [1 likes]: The reason this market is booming is due to the rich getting richer from the pandemic lol still cool to watch even tho I'm not a wine person
  8. @Ijdjdjdjndvvyu: The answer was no
  9. @JosephSmith-qq9oz: these Ukrainian politicians have stopped liking me. It is not enough for them that our country finds money for them at the expense of its own citizens. Talk of Putin blackmailing the world with hunger by withholding Ukrainian grain has begun. But there is simply no credible evidence that Ukrainian grain is being exported to Russia. But there is information that the Ukrainian military burned the grain that was supposed to be shipped to other countries from the port of Mariupol. So who is the blackmailer and terrorist?
  10. @WineJam: Interesting take I knew about the climate change and blockchain having a change on wine investment but glad to see blockchain is ranked so high of importance
  11. @the_sideshifter: Home sweet home! I apologize for the ugly handwriting on the barrels by the way :D :D
  12. @pattonpatton1386: The explanation is very good and I am looking forward to more works
  13. @PSModelling: Great video appreciate the quality content.
  14. @hacc: thanks for engsub
  15. @pikminlord343: Neat

- A Sommelier Compared Cheap Wines And The Winner Was Clear: Kind: captions Language: en I'm getting some Barnyard I'm Sarah Leman I am the owner of s in the city it is a wine and travel blog that focuses on food wine and [Music] luxury do a nice swirl first it's quite fruity but it's it's a little mild I actually like this it has some has a little bit more complexity than I was expecting it to have wow this is definitely not as um powerful as the Cabernet that I would expect just really approaching and very friendly and I think this is a it's a good cabernet very smooth wow not going to lie didn't expect that from Target but I would drink this this one's definitely spicy it's a nice wine there's nothing too complex about it there's a lot of fruit you get a lot of this sour cherry bright strawberry and raspberry and then it just kind of finishes flat oh excellent wow all right so right off the bat you're getting a lot of this cranberry and currents then you're getting this really nice like meatiness and like some nice cocoa I really like the sweet baking spice I'm also getting in this I feel like this wine has a lot of layers my first choice is definitely the Untamed Vine I think that this definitely showed what everything that I love about California and California wines I would say my second favorite would actually be the Kirkland I was pleasantly surprised by that it had some personality to it and it's I really would not knock this wine for my third I would have to go with the collection then I would say my fourth one would be the Charles Shaw I just thought that this wasn't as strong as the other as the other feel lastly would be the Wesley farms and um that's just because I felt that it just tastes very um commercial Pleasant nose um I think it's definitely very typical of pagio this is what I would expect from it not as much acidity as I thought it would have which is Pleasant because sometimes panag graio can be a little too uh racy and aggressive but what I really like about this wine is the fact that it's medium bodied and it has a really smooth finish I'm kind of getting like an apple juice nose which is interesting so this one definitely has a lot more acidity than the Costco it's almost like a creamy wine the acidity is right there in the beginning of the wine and then it just kind of Smooths out and it becomes creamy it's really interesting but it's really remind ing me of apple juice ooh right off the nose you get a lot of citrus I'm getting some white flour okay so this one has a lot more of like the Citrus skin so we're getting a lot of this lime peel and I'm getting a little bit of a candied lime in but it's nothing too sweet this wine is still very dry I'm getting some Barnyard um right in the nose and I know that sounds like a weird quality to have but Barnyard is definitely a an aroma in wine that can be attractive depending on the wine yeah yellow apple hay it's got his acidity got some lime in there I really like it out of my my top favorites I would say the collection won my heart this time it was just really fun and I would just I would drink this all the time the Kirkland again surprised me I am wondering if I should start going to Costco and buying some wine um and then I would say the Wesley Farms definitely would be my third choice and and the fourth would be the Trader Joe's Shaw it was my least favorite it didn't have as much personality as the other three okay pleasant so getting again a lot of this fresh red fruit it's really a kind of a juicy wine you have just enough of to make it to get this drying sensation in your mouth but what I really enjoy about this is that to me it tastes like a typical California Rosé this is an easy to drink wine the Finish does fall very short though this wine has a lot more acidity it has everything I look for in a California Rosé so it's bright it's fruit forward it's fresh the Finish is there like I'm still I'm still tasting it this wine could be taken places I would say compared to the shaw where the shaw is really just a really it was decent but it fell flat compared to the collection it really did so the winner of the wine tasting would definitely be Target I think the collection by Target is my top wine Choice from the selection that I've tried today I was pleasantly surprised by all three of these wines they met a lot of my qualifications which includes taste Aromas complexity as well as finish so if I were to say bring something that was less expensive to my friends but from California I would go with the collection I think out of all the three wines I tried from them they really all struck me in very different ways but in very positive ways and I would B

  Top Comments:
  1. @ConcreteConnoisseurs [13 likes]: Should have done it WITHOUT the bottles/brands visible to her. WTF!
  2. @Drakovox [9 likes]: The plastic cup enhances the notes and complexity XD
  3. @andrenewell9483 [6 likes]: This video would be more credible if the tasting was blind and if the certifications of the sommelier were given. Just a suggestion.
  4. @KGO80313 [3 likes]: What's with the dislikes? I love her!
  5. @TheEdudu15 [2 likes]: PLASTIC CUPS!!?!? I  got the chills...
  6. @bonnieliwinsky5369 [1 likes]: "Tastes like crushed grapes!"
  7. @BeanchiT [1 likes]: Me never having drank wine before: why tf am I watching this.
  8. @suryaveer77 [1 likes]: She’s not spitting it out .. that means she got hammered after the 6th glass
  9. @trickwheeler: Suddenly a blogger is a sommelier LMAO
  10. @shola7987: I always knew costco had decent wine
  11. @PapiShampoooo: shs needs her own show
  12. @jorritgerritsma2762: A Joke right?
  13. @Chameleam: Obviously this woman is very passionate about wine so I don’t mean to dis but, the word sommelier refers to someone who runs a wine program in a restaurant. So you can’t say you’re a sommelier if you run a blog, even if you have credentials
  14. @ptg01: Blind tasting would have been significantly more interesting and useful.
  15. @simonczech1732: Do it as a blind test
  16. @prcytekuin5635: It’s funny how all these wines are less than 15.
  17. @Crimson__Wolf: Does anyone else want to punch! This person?
  18. @jonathanfarmer4820: Surely this is all subjective. Isn't this just a women who likes wine, rating wine.
  19. @lukeguy7735: cool content
  20. @blackberuang: AUDIO LEVELS TOO LOW

- Rare, pricey, Burgundy up for auction in HK: Kind: captions Language: en foreign World considered Domaine de la romenae Conti to be burgundy's greatest Vineyard what would someone pay to get a bottle from every vintage produced since Vines were replanted there after World War II auctioneers Acker Maryland Condit figure the wine will sell for a lot this is every vintage from 1952 until 2007 making it a complete vertical which I've never seen in my entire life in the wine business and we may never see one again it's practically impossible to recreate ahead of auction the merchants were estimating the complete collection could go for up to eight hundred thousand US Dollars the 1959 could be the single most valuable bottle as the vineyard produced less that year CEO John Capen says there's a reason the sales taking place in Hong Kong well China's become one of the most important markets for finding rare wines uh and wine in general I mean really over the last three years the balance of power has shifted from out of America fueled by the Deep Pockets of wealthy Chinese Acker was hoping to bring in more than 10 million US dollars from the sale of the Roman a conti and hundreds of other lots of rare French wine Karen Sloan the Associated Press

  Top Comments:
  1. @tjekkarisdahl: such energy and enthusiasm!

- Cracka Wines: Andrew Graham discusses Buying Wine in an Auction - Episode 19 Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to spit bucket today we're here with Andrew Graham from Cracker wines thank you again welcome Andrew thank you very much tell us about cracker wines okay so cracker wines basically it's a it's a quite Innovative way of selling wine we sort of have a reverse auction system one of the only reverse auction systems in Australia besides the city fish markets uh and we provide a direct channel for wineries to sell R to the consumers in a way that benefits both the wineries and also offers some excellent discounts for the customers so your reverse auction system basically you you set a time when it starts which is 1 or 12 or it's 1:00 every day 8:00 on the weekend every day 8:00 morning or or uh 8:00 at night I was going to say on a weekend good luck with that and at 1:00 it starts ticking that's exactly right and it actually starts a recommended retail price and drops from there okay so that's that's the whole premise of the reverse auctions so someone can jump so say something recommended retail of 20 it how quickly does it drop uh it sort of drop it depends on the price actually uh and it usually drops at around about 50 Cent increments and it'll basically drop down until all it's sold okay so and then some so people sit on their computer and watch and think I'll buy that at 15 and they may out or they may may get it at 15 Others May get and and they can also pre-bid at any time too so you can always pre-bid or you can always buy any time so and that's way it offers the person who's going to be able to hold out the last to be able to get the best deals and how's it going are you happy the way going we've already saved our customers about $1 million and we've already uh on an average saved our customers about 49% is that right yeah 49% is the average Rec a retail price drop now on the other side of things uh um the wineries wouldn't be doing it unless they were happy definitely H and in that sort of way there's also some because we're basically we're shipping straight from the wineries to the consumers there's also some tax advantages for them too so in a way most of the time the wineries are actually making more than they would from a traditional retail sale um and that's one of the advantages in that both the winery as well as as the customers are actually getting um a great deal mhm and now I mean we've got a couple of wies to try here that will be coming up I look something like Star Lane now that's one of the the ear VI emerging performers that is really getting some notice very much so last place I would have thought yeah definitely and again it's simply because it offers a small Winer like that an opportunity where they can have a channel like us uh where they can have something where they're going still make the money as well as they obviously going to offer it in the right sort of space cuz I mean I had I came to the launch and we saw how it all work was terrific I sort of had the feeling that it was a bit not bulk wine but it was a bit sort of like people with a lot of extra wine to move but if if you're getting the guys like this it's a much broader Spectrum definitely well the whole idea is that there's a whole middle ground in the wine market that's sort of untapped I mean there's on one side of things there's the as you're saying there's the bulk wne Market where people are basically buying the absolute cheapest wine out there and I mean there's plenty of players out there who are doing that sort of thing and on the other side of the spectrum we've also got the absolute super premium you've got someone like lton for example and they're doing um Fine Wines absolute Fine Wines they're talking Vintage Wines they're talking about particularly um overseas imported wines but there's this big Middle Ground that's basically sort of missing and there's just few auctions in Australia that are actually focused on wine purely focused on wine that actually hold that middle ground and so that's what we sort of see that's I mean the average sort of bottle price usually sits R about 12 to $15 which we think that most of Australians are sort of looking at what that's what the price of people are drinking and how high I mean what of ballpark what what's the highest sort of prices you've been attracting okay um so something like this I mean the Star Lane for example starts at $64.95 and then it usually drops around and I mean more recently it's been going for about $35 a bottle so as you can see that's a a considerable saving and this I mean this by lines it's again it's also recommended retail price of $64.95 and it's been dropping and selling for as low as $15 are you kidding no which is amazing and for the quality of the wine in the bottle it's it's awesome well I mean John Deval who's the was behind so much of the great Grange as one of the Consultants to it so yeah I mean I5 $15 that's exactly right you at 1:00 uh now that's I mean what's interesting was if if if they chose these guys could for example go to lton and say well here we you know here's 10 cases to put through definitely they must feel they get a better return through you guys definitely uh they get a better return at the same time it's it it it's probably in that sort of way that just seems like a bulk dump whereas this is is something where it's only small Lots so there's not the same sort of feeling of you're tring to get rid of something so your Lots could be what a case or 10 cases most of the time they're sold in single case Lots oh okay single case Lots uh and on average they might only be five five five five dozen per auction do you find it's a small group of the same people bidding or it's getting wider and wider or well the good thing is that I suppose there's quite a bit of diversity you know we sell everything from a $5 wine right up to something that's would be selling normally at $65 a bottle so in that sort of way got there is quite a bit of scope for people at certain at different price points basically the website again is Cracker wines.com and at the moment James has it floating across the bottom of the screen yes or I look stupid if he hasn't

- Here Are 10 Worlds Most Expensive Bottles Of Wine: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the 10 most expensive wines in the world want to know the most expensive wines of all time if you're looking to spend a little cash on something extravagant or you want to impress a dinner guest then adding one of these bottles of wine to your collection should do the trick however a word of warning you're gonna need at least six thousand dollars to even consider purchasing one welcome to honeybee channel here are the 10 most expensive wines in the world 10. cheval blanc saint emilion 1947 135 125 occupying the 10th position is a world-class vintage wine that sold for 135 125 dollars in 2006. it is one of only two wines that have ever been granted class a status in the classification of saint emilion wine as far as we know just a hundred and ten thousand bottles were produced and only a few have managed to survive considered by the best similars in the world as the finest chevelle blanc in the 20th century the cheval blanc saint emilion 1947 has a sensual flavor and luxurious texture nine henry giaire von romane cross parental 1999 136 hundred and fifty five dollars number nine on the list is actually a bit of a bargain as the buyer got a whole case of wine instead of one individual bottle the case of crow parental sold for 136 955 at a christie's hong kong wine sale it was produced in the heart of france's burgundy wine region and i'm sure made the buyer a very happy chappie indeed eight chateau la fight 1787 156 450 dubbed as the most expensive standard bottle of wine in the world the vintage chateau la fight 1787 is thought to be from thomas jefferson's cellar the chateau la fight 1787 was purchased by publisher tycoon malcolm forbes in 1985 and is one of the most expensive wines in the world seven employee from penfolds 168 thousand dollars each one of these extraordinary bottles of wine costs 168 000 released by south australia's most famous winery pen folds instead it relies on the experience presentation and reputation of the brand tasting the wine is meant to be an experience in itself as you have to break off a small piece of wood before you even begin to get to the wine 6 charteau margot 1787 225 000 this bottle of wine can no longer be bought by any amount of money unfortunately it was knocked over by a waiter during a margot dinner in a four season hotel it was said to be the most expensive wine unsold and is thought to be another bottle from jefferson's collection the owner originally valued it at 500 however its actual value was lowered to two hundred and twenty five thousand as this was the amount insurers paid five chatola fight 1869 this bottle of wine caused quite a stir when it went up for auction in hong kong auctioneers only anticipated it to reach a respectful eight thousand dollars however to their surprise an anonymous bidder from asia claimed the highest bid 230 thousand dollars in asia the shetola fight 1869 is considered by many to be extremely rare so bidders were willing to pay big money to secure one of the world's most expensive wines 4. shipwrecked 1907 hide seat two hundred and seventy five thousand dollars two hundred and seventy five thousand dollars for a bottle of wine would seem ridiculous to most however this wine has a very unique and exciting story which easily justifies the price in 1916 a ship carrying the wine was torpedoed by a german submarine in the first world war causing it to sink to the bottom of the ocean for over 80 years so even if you can't drink it 275 000 gets you an incredible piece of history and a fantastic story to tell at dinner parties three cheval blanc 1947 305 thousand coming in at number three on our list of most expensive wines is the 1947 chateau cheval blanc considered to be the best bordeaux ever made it was sold at auction to an anonymous bidder for three hundred and three thousand three hundred and seventy five dollars 2 jeroboam of chateau matan ross shield 1945 310 thousand dollars originating from the vineyards of the richest family on earth it's no surprise that this bottle of wine has such an outrageous price tag with symbolism on the label indicating the victory of the allied forces in the second world war the wine is said to be one of the best vintages of the last 100 years if you can't quite afford to buy a bottle then why not try a glass for eight thousand six hundred and thirty one dollars i'll take two then one screaming eagle cabernet 1992 five hundred thousand dollars costing a whopping five hundred thousand dollars for a single bottle the most expensive wine in the world costs more than an average home over the years the cabernet has topped several of the world's most expensive wine lists it eventually sold at a charity auction in 2000. the wine is aged in 60 new oak and has an aroma of black currants a subtle trace of oak and an opaque purple appearance we hope you enjoyed our list of the 10 most expensive wines in the world wine is loved by many but only a certain few can enjoy these select beauties perhaps that's you if you managed to get your hands on one have a drink on us and let us know what it's like

- Un vin de Négociant ? / Dégustation Vin: Kind: captions Language: en And there you have it, there's glass everywhere, and we're going on the mantelpiece, it's great! Hello, hello! Today I'm not talking about a winemaker's wine, but a négociant's wine. Okay, I'm off, I'll leave you now. What's the problem? Négociants are guys who hide vats that even the winemakers don't want for themselves. Then they bottle it, they boast about it for 3 euros with pretty labels like "terroir," a wine that's just going to end up in a sauce. The story is indeed an image that sticks to this profession, it's not always wrong. There you go, that's what I'm saying, if there's a supply, it's because there's a demand, and like everything else, every quality has its price. I admit I also had this image and I'm reluctant to buy négociant wines, and one day, thinking I was buying a winemaker's wine, I was surprised. Okay, so who is this négociant? It's the François Xavier Nicolas house located in Orange. Xavier Nicolas is, for me, quite a character who exudes a passion for wine. He readily compares himself to a publisher, except that instead of novels, he focuses on terroirs. What he loves is exploring the Rhône Valley in search of unique terroirs and winemakers who share his ethics and respect for the environment. Okay, fine, but he's still a bit of a secretive guy, not just because François-Xavier, like other wine merchants, also practices blending and aging, which allows him to create his own style and leave his mark. A wine merchant's reputation rests on their ability to choose well, to nurture, to unearth wines that you and I would have difficulty accessing. Who hasn't ever bought a 1.20 from Guy Gallant's wine merchant, thinking they won't be disappointed? And at the same time, being a wine merchant allows you to expand your reach to an entire region. Why not, indeed, as many winemakers do. They also need wine trading; it allows them to expand their range and offer their customers appellations they don't produce themselves. So, what does François Xavier offer? Well, I'm going to tell you about his first vintage, which I discovered at his place. The tank is essential; it's also his first vintage. I could have told you about his Queyranne, which is excellent and, for me, a superb selection, but let's stick to the essentials. [Music] So, it's a hard-boiled wine from 2017, a blend of Grenache, Carignan, Syrah, and Mourvèdre. On the nose, it's very assertive: fruity, floral, and with hints of chocolate. Here, we're really in the south; we feel the power but also the freshness thanks to Mont Blanc notes. On the palate, it's very round, with good structure, lots of freshness, generosity, and above all, aromatic intensity. In the end, it's a straightforward wine with character, but well-controlled. A very good representation of a Côtes du Rhône, yes, it's true, and all for the modest sum of 8.50 euros. You see, I can easily picture it with a duck breast with oyster mushrooms. As you'll have gathered from this selection, we all love wines, whether they come from a winemaker, a merchant, or even a cooperative winery— we'll get to that. The essential thing, if I may say so, is that it's good, and for that, you need good terroir, a healthy vineyard, and people who love their craft. So, I'll see you again for another wine to drink and see again. See you soon. Anyway, when I don't know, I say duck breast.

- Leroy Restaurant Wine Room - Shoreditch: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

- "Darjeeling Complete Tour Guide 2025 | Best Time, Top Attractions, Budget Tips & Travel Plan": Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends, how are you all? This is India's most famous station, Darjeeling. In today's special and informative video, I'll give you complete information about the Darjeeling tour. If you're planning a trip to Darjeeling, this video will be very helpful. In this video, we'll discuss how to get there, which hotel location should you choose? What's the right way to travel? Where will you visit? How can you avoid unnecessary expenses? What are the food and drink facilities here? And at the end of the video, we'll discuss the overall budget. For complete A-Z information about the Darjeeling tour, be sure to watch the video completely. So, let's explore the magnificent valleys of Darjeeling today. Friends, Darjeeling is very famous for its pleasant weather, magnificent valleys, sprawling tea plantations, and heart-warming views. Millions of people come here throughout the year to spend quality time. This lovely hill station is located in West Bengal, bordering Nepal and Sikkim. So, let's jump right in. Let's start from the beginning and find out how to get there. The nearest railway station is New Jalpaiguri, located approximately 72 km from Darjeeling. You can get direct trains to New Jalpaiguri from every major station. Shared taxis and private taxis charge ₹20,000 to ₹50, while private taxis charge ₹0,000 to ₹0,000. Buses to Darjeeling are available from Siliguri. The distance from New Jalpaiguri to Siliguri is approximately 10 km, which can be covered by auto for ₹50 per person. Buses start at 6:00 am and charge ₹100 to ₹100 for the 62 km distance. If you want to explore Darjeeling comfortably, a tour package is a good option. You can avail Darjeeling tour packages from Adventure on the Way. Darjeeling's best tour package company offers excellent service. You can call the number shown on the screen to book your package. If you prefer to fly, the nearest airport is Bagdogra International Airport in Siliguri, located approximately 70 km from Darjeeling. After arriving at the airport, you can reach Darjeeling by bus or taxi. Friends, the journey from Siliguri to Darjeeling is truly wonderful. The paths meander through the tea plantations and hills, captivating you. You've likely never experienced such a journey. The toy train also accompanies you on this journey. Friends, after a wonderful journey, we have now reached Darjeeling. Now, let's discuss where you should stay. Friends, you can find hotels throughout Darjeeling, but I would advise you to book hotels near the toy train station, near the bus stand, near Gandhi Chowk, or near Mall Road. The best location among these is the Mall Road bus stand, which is also within walking distance. You can also cover a couple of places by simply roaming around here. Talking about hotel rates, they start at 1000 to 1200. You can get a very nice room in the budget of 1500 to 1700. So let's take a good room and rest for a while. Now let's find out the right way to travel here. Friends, all the places here are far away, so it is best to book a scooter or private taxi. Talking about scooters, you will find rented scooters near the bus stand Mall Road Toy 10 Railway Station. They charge ₹7700 to ₹1 per day. You have to fill petrol separately. Whereas private taxis charge ₹2000 to 3000 per day. So book a taxi for two days. In this time, you will cover all the places very comfortably. You should definitely bargain here, as taxi drivers quote slightly higher rates. Taxis are available near the Mall Road market, near the bus stand, and hoteliers can also arrange them. So, first, let's head to the Mahakal Temple, located just 100 meters from Mall Road, which you can cover by walking. After crossing the Mahakal Market and climbing a few stairs, you'll arrive at the temple complex. Friends, this temple is very ancient and built in a special style. Here, you can seek blessings by visiting Mahadev Ji. Along with this, many other deities are also enshrined in the temple complex. You can visit them all and receive blessings. Friends, this lovely temple is situated on the highest peak of Darjeeling city, so you should definitely visit here. You will feel very good after visiting here. After visiting here, we will now head to Darjeeling Zoo, which is located just 150 meters from Mall Road. The entry ticket here is ₹10 per person, which is very well-designed. You will be able to see sand deer, yak, snow leopard, cheetah, black panther as well as many other animals and birds. There is also the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute inside the zoo where you will get to know many amazing facts along with mountaineering related equipment and dresses. Apart from this, the Bengal Natural History Museum is also built inside the zoo. You can go there and see many things. Friends, there are selfie points at various places in the zoo, you can easily take selfies here for your memories. So after roaming here for one to two hours, now we will go to have fun in the famous tea garden of Darjeeling. Friends, the tea garden of Darjeeling is famous all over the world. Tea leaves are exported from here all over the world. You will find small and big tea gardens all over Darjeeling, but the famous tea gardens here are Happy Valley Tea Garden and Orange Valley Tea Garden. You will find Orange Valley Tea Garden on the Rock Garden route itself. There are many tea gardens all along the way. You can stop anywhere and relax. You can have fun and also get a nice photoshoot done here for your memories. views here are really worth seeing. Your heart will be happy after seeing the views here. So after roaming around in these lovely tea gardens for one and a half hours, we will now go to Rock Garden, which is located just 3 km away from Orange Valley Tea Garden. Friends, this lovely garden is very famous for its waterfall. Here you can see a lovely waterfall. Its views are worth seeing. If you are fond of trekking, then you can also go near the waterfall. Apart from this, you can also get a photoshoot done here wearing cute dresses. There are very good facilities for sitting here. You can spend your moments sitting comfortably here. Friends, there is a very lovely and wonderful garden here. You must come to visit here. Friends, if it becomes evening while covering all these places, then in the evening we will come back to Mall Road. Friends, The Mall is the best place to visit in Darjeeling in the evening. This lovely place is a very large open area. In the evening, maximum people come here to enjoy. You must try the street food here. You will get all kinds of veg and non-veg food here. You can also do shopping here. Apart from this, there are very big tea shops here. The taste of Darjeeling tea is amazing, so you must take tea from here for your home. There are many games for children here. Along with this, children can also enjoy horse riding here. So, we will rest in our hotel at night and will leave at 5:00 am the next morning for Tiger Hills, which is located at a distance of about 14 km from Mall Road. Friends, what can we say about the sunrise view from here. There is a huge crowd here to see the sunrise. Along with this, you can see the spectacular views of Mount Everest and Kanchenjunga here. Seeing whose view will make your heart happy. After spending one to two hours here, we will return to Darjeeling and from here we will start roaming. The monastery is located about 8 km from Tiger Hill. Friends, this lovely monastery is one of the oldest monasteries in Darjeeling. A 15-foot statue of Lord Buddha is installed here. You must sit here for a while. You will experience immense peace and tranquility here. Friends, this is a very lovely and supernatural place. You must include it in your list. After sitting here for some time and visiting, we will now head to Batasia Loop, which is located about 1 km from here. Friends, Batasia Loop is a toy train track which is built in a round shape. A lovely garden has been built around this entire track and in the middle of it, the views of which are beautiful to see. There is also a memorial dedicated to the sacrifice of Gorkha soldiers here. All the toy trains stop at this famous place, and the views here look even more beautiful. Friends, everyone visiting Darjeeling definitely comes here to visit. You must get a lovely photoshoot done here for your memories. The views here will make your heart happy. Friends, if you wish, you can also visit this place on the toy train. You can also complete the journey by train. Darjeeling's toy train is famous all over the world. Many people from not only the country but also from abroad come to enjoy the journey of this toy train. Friends, here you can take a joy ride on the steam engine and diesel engine toy train, which lasts for about 2 hours. Its booking is done like a normal train reservation, in which you are charged Rs 1000 to 1000 for different classes. The toy train also runs from New Jalpaiguri to Darjeeling and back, but it takes about 7 to 8 hours for this 70 km distance, hence most people enjoy the joy ride. This lovely joy ride is very wonderful and memorable, so you should also take a wonderful toy train journey, you will enjoy it a lot. After having fun for one to two hours on the Batasia Loop, we will now go to the Peace Pagoda Japanese Temple, which is located about 3 km from Batasia Loop. Friends, this lovely place is dedicated to Lord Buddha. There are many places here. A lovely Japanese temple is also built here, you can go inside the temple and have darshan etc. Along with this, a Buddha stupa is also established here where all the four incarnations of Lord Buddha have been displayed. Huge statues of Lord Buddha are installed here, in which he is shown in sleeping, sitting, standing and meditative states. You must include this lovely place in your list. This is also the main tourist place of Darjeeling, everyone definitely comes here to visit. Apart from these places, you can also enjoy the Darjeeling Ropeway. The views of the entire Darjeeling look very spectacular from the ropeway. Apart from this, there are many other small and big tourist points in Darjeeling, you can cover all of them according to your tour plan. So let us now talk about the food and drink facilities here, friends, you will get both veg and non-veg food here. Most of the restaurants serve veg and non-veg combination food, but there are some restaurants where you will also get pure vegetarian food, so you should visit here. There will be no problem with food and drink. If we talk about the best time to come here, then the best time to come is from October to June. There is a lot of rain here in July, August and September, so you should completely ignore this time, friends. The weather here remains cold throughout the year. It is very cold here in winter. Apart from this, if you are coming here in October, November and March, April, then definitely keep warm clothes with you. If we talk about how many days' tour plan you should make here, then in 3 days and two nights you will explore Darjeeling very well. If you want to visit Darjeeling and other places nearby, then you can also plan for four days and three nights. So now let us talk about the most important question of budget. In how much budget will you cover this lovely tour, friends, I assume that at least two or three people will come on this tour because your budget gets divided very well among two or three people, so you can assume. 6000 to 7000 per person plus train ticket. In this budget, you will be able to cover this tour very well. Friends, if you want to explore Darjeeling even better without any tension, then you can come through a tour package. I would advise you to take a tour package from Adventure on the Way. They provide excellent service and also redeem codes. You will find contact numbers on the screen and in the description box. You can fix your deal by talking on the given numbers. So friends, here I have tried my best to give you every small and big information related to Darjeeling tour in a very good and correct manner. If you still have any questions, then you can ask us through the comments. Friends, where are you watching this video from and how did you like it? Please tell us in the comment box. Friends, if you liked the information in the video, then please motivate us with a like and also share it with your friends. So, see such amazing people. More information in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Al.harf-channel [2 likes]: Naare❤❤❤ takbeer ❤❤❤ Allah u akbar....🎉
  2. @anirbangupta9288 [1 likes]: Biharir baccha, gujarati baniya, amit, r j kono dhamna elei kalano hobe siliguri te.
  3. @Hapytayeng-rx3md [1 likes]: Mai v jane wali hu April month ko Darjeeling please best hotel v bata dijiye aur 10k kafi hoga ki nh ghumne ke liye Darjeeling????
  4. @Priyanka12y [1 likes]: Hii❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @balasahebjondhale3693: Super
  6. @Officialagent_1: May me koi chalega 2026
  7. @sourabhsharma571: Ujjain
  8. @shikhagupta8406: Ghaziabad se
  9. @nihalblogger78: https://youtu.be/qVG4A2MHUP8?si=5cannV3vWWw3-D5D
  10. @Peehu8081: हमें भी जाना है पर टिकट नहीं मिल रहा
  11. @ghanshyamnayak209: Wadrafnagar Chhattisgarh, bahut hi sahi tarike se samjhaya apne
  12. @DASTUBETV: ❤❤
  13. @mithunfoji: Taxi lena hi prega n tb sbhi jagh ghum sakte h
  14. @Meresangma-h2g: Hi kis time ko jata he
  15. @vincentsingh6341: Very Informative Video
  16. @Nawleshrahi: nawlesh rahi bihar aurangabad
  17. @SubratDas-u6c: March
  18. @SaddamRahi-c4q: Bhai waha personal car hire karne k liye kitna rupees lagta hai
  19. @sontygupta5910: Hum jaunga bro
  20. @nirbhayshinde0786: what about jan month can we visit here in this month

- Rare WINE Investing: The Basics of Investing and Collecting Rare Investment Grade Wine!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to reserved investments on youtube we're gonna go into one of my favorite subjects in the antiques and collectibles trade but i have to issue a caveat before i release this video please understand that in this video i'm going to give you just enough information to be dangerous in investing in investment grade wine now this is a very sophisticated market this is not a market that the average person who just collects pokemon cards or magic the gathering cards or even on the other end of the spectrum our traditional antiques should flock to there's a lot of inherent risks in this market wine is a regulated market there's taxes there's rules and regulations for selling it there's even rules and regulations in some cases for shipping it and even shipping it across state and country lines you must keep that in mind if you're going to get into this market another thing you must understand is that wine has more expenses than most collecting categories out there because it has to be stored properly and it also has to be stored in a climate controlled unit or what is known usually as a wine cellar to maximize its taste and value should you go to sell it you also if you are buying wine for investment obviously you can't open it and drink it either so there is that fundamental risk as well a lot of people out there that i know like cracking open a bottle of expensive wine myself included from time to time if you're on a date with a woman if a woman's coming back to your house you want to impress her you can pull open a bottle of 500 wine and i guarantee she will remember that evening going forward if she knows that that wine costs and is worth 500 that you're pouring her a glass of it will leave an impression on her i've done that as part of my seduction techniques i know creepy sean here but i'm just telling you guys so this is a market that is more meant for sophisticated investors sophisticated collectors people that really have the money and the understanding as to how to play in this market now with that said i'm going to talk a little bit about this market and this is going to be a fairly short video if you guys want me to do a longer video on this i gladly will i am not going to show you any bottles of wine that i have in my own collection or in my house at present time because i always fear every time i pull out a bottle of alcohol and put it on camera or any of these items like guns knives weapons i always worry that youtube is going to take down the video for violating some term or condition that i'm not aware of and then i get a strike against me so we're not going to go in that direction just yet maybe in the future if i read through youtube's terms and conditions and i see hey i can show a bottle of wine on camera we're good without any recourse or consequences i'll gladly do it in an upcoming video so this is what you need to understand about investment grade wine now first the question we got to answer sean what is investment grade wine can i just go to the local liquor store buy a bottle of wine and call it an investment grade wine the answer is absolutely not investment grade wine is a wine that has a reasonable chance of appreciating in value over the medium to long term typically at least five years or more let me say that again guys medium to long term typically five years of age or more what that means is if you get involved in this market you understand all the you understand how you can sell it how you can transport it how you can't sell it how in some cases you can't transport it you understand all the risks in this market you are looking at buying something that is going to sit in your wine cellar for five years untouched then if all the right criteria were met you're going to be able to sell that for a little bit of a profit that's what you're looking at if you don't have five years if you don't understand the idiosyncrasies of this market that i'm going to talk about in this video this market is not for you just gain the knowledge and then forget about it maybe in 10 20 years you will be able to come back into this market when you have more money or when you have a greater understanding of this market to play in this proverbial pull in the collectibles marketplace now do i invest heavily in wine obviously not i'm a casual connoisseur i have a couple of bottles that i bought for several hundred several thousand dollars at some point throughout my career or today if i sold them i would probably make several thousand dollars on some of those bottles that's it i do not have a lot of wine guys i am not somebody that has a seller that's stored to the brim i am somebody that maybe speculates and invests in 10 bottles at a time that's really it and some of those bottles i actually buy to drink so i'm not investing fully in all of them i am by no means an expert in this realm i want to state that first hand so now going back to what we're talking about again what is investment grade wine investment is wine that has a reasonable chance of appreciating in value over the medium to long term typically at least five years so that should give you an answer on how we define investment grade wine now there are many publications in the trade that talk about wine investing wine collecting even wine speculating investment grade wine to a lot of these publications is defined as wine that makes up less than one percent of the world's total wine supply let me say that again for you guys on average is defined as wine that can appreciate over the mid to long term and it also makes up less than one percent of the total world's wine supply so if you go to your local liquor store and you buy a thirty dollar bottle of wine or even in some cases a hundred hundred dollar bottle of wine chances are the wine that you are buying is not of investment grade it is not even something you want to hold for the long term if you are looking to make a profit in the vast majority of investment grade wine and please hear me out there's a reason why i'm speaking in this monotone voice when i do this the vast majority of it comes from noted places in europe like bordeaux champagne burgundy maybe the rhone region in france and if you want to talk about italian wines you're talking about tuscany and piedmont in italy those are the places most often associated with investment grade wine which again is one percent of the total world's output supply of wine less than one percent guys please keep that in mind now there are certain investment grade wines that do come from germany austria spain even america but most of those particular wines are lesser known and they're not overall very popular brands that the average wine connoisseur and investor is going to want to get into so in my opinion if you're going after investment grade wine you learn this market you get involved in it stick to mainly the european wines that i've mentioned from bordeaux champagne burgundy the roan region or if you want to risk it a little you can go over to italy and get involved in some of the wines that are coming from tuscany and piedmont those are your main areas for investing in investment grade wine now this gets a little bit more complex guys there are certain characteristics of investment grade wine that we have to talk about today now you're going to find this listing almost everywhere it's pretty much a generally accepted universal list when you are investing in there's a lot of publications out there that i'm not going to name in this video again we don't want to keep it complex we want to keep this simple where a lot of these publications state what some of these characteristics are i'm going to mention some right now you gotta look at the producer pedigree investment grade wines must be produced by wineries with impeccable reputations again not gonna name any in this video just giving you enough information to be dangerous and or pun intended wet your appetite for another upcoming video on this topic also investment grade wine must be rated classic or equivalent by one or more noted wine publications now i'm going to name these publications either wine spectator or wine advocate there are two well-known publications in this trade if they grade the wine as classic or equivalent it could it could very well be an investment grade wine now complicating things there's other characteristics we have to look at one of them is production quantity investment grade wine requires a liquid secondary market if it's over produced and readily available obviously guys it's not investment grade investment grade wine should be scarce in nature it should not be common you should not usually usually be able to buy it right off the primary market for just a few dollars in most cases these wines are already going to have significant value on the primary market meaning unlike speculating in a lot of mass-produced collectibles like pokemon magic the gathering toys comic books these items are not made with mass-produced scarcity they're made with true rarity and scarcity if it is an investment grade wine and it also has to have a liquid secondary market pun intended on the word liquid the next thing you must understand longitudinally wine must reach peak maturity let me say that again guys wine must reach peak maturity awful often this is simply described as peak or peaking when we talk about wine investing wine collecting a wine connoisseur wine enthusiast which usually happens 10 years after it being bottled and being able to age now what that means is if you are going after these items it is a five to ten year holding period as a result yes there are certain investment grade wines where you can get lucky five years later you can flip it into the market for a profit but overall you must keep this stuff usually for a decade or longer if you're not buying those type of wines and you really got to do your research again i said this is a very introductory video now the wine either the specific vintage being assessed or previous vintages from the same producer must have a clear record of price appreciation over generally the last five to ten years on average and this is something that you'll find in any guide out there in any book on investing in wine even on internet sites a lot of this information is readily out there it's just worded differently depending on what site you go to depending on how you research these markets one thing that you're gonna learn if you can get involved with investing speculating or getting involved in the market for you really learn patience you really learn patience and understanding because this market is unlike a lot of the other collecting out there this market's on par with rare whiskey which i am going to do a video on that as well but just know these markets are regulated guys you cannot just pull a rare bottle of wine off the shelf ship it to an auction company in california and they're guaranteed to be able to sell it for you you really have to do your research you really have to follow up with a lot of auction companies that cater to this market see what they're taking see what the regulations and taxes are on these particular items again this is an introductory video i'm just wetting your proverbial appetite for this market a little bit however if you do get involved in this market maybe you're in your 30s 40s 50s 60s 70s 80s when you get into this market it can be very rewarding but just understand this is not a market where you're going to want to put a lot of capital in if you don't have the money to risk if you don't have the money to keep there for 5 10 15 years in some cases so just know that going forward at the very least i'm gonna end the video here i hope it was eye-opening on how this market works if you want to see a follow-up video on this where i go in greater detail and i expand on this concept and we do maybe a 30-40 minute video on this let me know in the comment section below i also want to state to all my critics out there keep in mind before you attack me this was a very simple video all the idiosyncrasies of the rare wine investing marketplace could not be done in a full 15 minute video if i expand on this concept i will gladly go in detail on those concepts and others thank you for watching hope you enjoyed this video hope you got something out of it please be careful if you get involved in this market thank you and have a good night

  Top Comments:
  1. @ParallelUniversity [6 likes]: If it takes a $500 bottle of wine to impress a woman, that's not the type of woman I'd want to be with
  2. @georgedorn9394 [5 likes]: I'd love to see another video, and one on whisky. It seems like there's a lot to learn even if you never sell a bottle since you can build a collection to drink from that ages well by making good purchases.
  3. @marCHILLL [4 likes]: Austrian wine is pretty infamous in Germany and Switzerland since the wine scandal from 1985, especially older people would never consider such wine
  4. @stefanagha3248 [3 likes]: Never get high off your own supply!
  5. @edwardyang4880 [2 likes]: You should do a show for Cigar too Shawn!
  6. @susguy5 [1 likes]: Thanks for the info dude, a longer video would be nice.
  7. @ricardoblikman2676 [1 likes]: Hahaha Shawn you do not need to poor a 500$ wine you can just pore a good tasting 10$ wine and convince her it's a 1000$ one hahahah that is not smart
  8. @sunnohh [1 likes]: I have always understood this as a bad market to be in seriously.  Only really makes sense if you buy wine in cases and your main goal is to drink it.  Occasionally when you get lucky the stuff you didn’t like becomes popular.  Felix Salmon has trained me on this however, recommend his gold art cars and wine speculation mini podcast on slate money.
  9. @dom19945 [1 likes]: What's your take on Investments in other alcohol like Bourbon and Scotch? 

There's definitely a huge secondary black market.
  10. @groalerable [1 likes]: "It aint trickin if you got it"-Shawn surmick, Antiques and Auction News, Nov 17 2020
  11. @fdkdisjd598 [1 likes]: Please check your habit of repeating statements, it adds nothing to the video in my opinion. If someone needs enunciated repeating to understand a concept, they are too stupid to understand your content in the first place and aren't even watching these videos. Just my 2c. Thanks for the content
  12. @TheJuzi: Hello there, i live in the UK and i holiday in the Champagne region of France every year. I have started a collection of 2012 Millesemes Champagne whish i buy from independant vingerons for £20 (or less). They say that 2012 was the best year since 1947 in the champagne region. I have about 15 bottles of 2012s. I also have a small collection of other years but 2012 will be the best one moving forward, a long term investment???
  13. @SomeFathoms: Great video Shawn! Would happily see more on this topic.
  14. @mrpyro-: Rum is the new Whiskey last chance people to buy rare rum bottles cheap  its going to explode made 400% caroni index is finally here foursquare 2 of the best out there now its just getting started.
  15. @stevegoldman1828: Please do another video about wine
  16. @mtgarenalover2233: This is an interesting topic. Do you have any recommendation for books to read regarding wine collecting?
  17. @Mitjitsu: This is why I'd rather invest in whisky. Long term storage is much easier.
  18. @nothing2stupid: This market is way too sophisticated for a bozo like me. I’m going to leave this to Seductive, Creepy Shaun. Still enjoyed the video though. Keep it up sir!
  19. @hennevey5002: Nice thumbnail of DRC. Are you going to cover their product range in upcoming video?
  20. @splugereport: Seduction technique video? Please 🥺🙏

- What Is A Negociant In Rare Wine? - Luxury Life Report: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What is a negotiant in rare wine? Have you ever wondered how some of the rarest wines make their way to collectors and connoisseurs? One key player in this world is the negotiant. So, what exactly is a negotiant in rare wine? A negotiant is a specialized wine merchant who purchases grapes, juice, or unfinished wine from various growers, often small family-owned vineyards. They then blend, bottle, market, and sell the wine under their own label. Unlike vineyard owners who manage both grape growing and wine- making, negotiants focus on the wine- making, blending, and distribution stages. This system is particularly common in French wine regions like Bordeaux and Burgundy where vineyard holdings can be small and fragmented. In the context of rare wine sourcing, negotiants play an important role by accessing rare and highquality wines from multiple small producers. Many of these producers might not have the resources to bottle or market their wine internationally. This means that high- netw worth individuals can acquire exceptional wines that might otherwise be hard to find. Negotiants also offer a broader selection and consistency. By blending wines from different vineyards or vintages, they help maintain quality and supply stability even when harvest conditions vary. This is especially beneficial for collectors who want to ensure they have a reliable source of fine wines. Additionally, negotiants provide a gateway to prestigious appellations without requiring direct contact with often private or exclusive chatau owners. In Bordeaux, for example, the negotiate system has historically acted as the primary channel for distributing classified growth wines. This means that collectors can access some of the finest wines without needing to navigate the complexities of vineyard relationships. Furthermore, negotiants enable investment and funding for vineyards by purchasing wine or grapes in advance, a practice known as n primur. This supports vineyard owners financially and helps sustain the production of luxury wines. From a luxury lifestyle management perspective, negotiants are valuable partners in sourcing rare wines. They can offer exclusive access to limited production bottles, often at prices more competitive than buying directly from the vineyard. Their knowledge in blending and aging means the wines they provide can be of exceptional quality and uniqueness. This appeals to collectors who are looking to add distinguished bottles to their sellers. In essence, a negotiant is a key figure in the rare wine market. They bridge the gap between small-scale growers and luxury wine consumers, facilitating access to rare, collectible wines while ensuring quality and availability through their merchant and wine-making activities.

- 5 tips to build your wine collection | Sonal C Holland MW: Kind: captions Language: en ready to start your wine collection here are five essential tips to help you get started number one Define your goals before you start collecting decide are you collecting for investment for personal consumption or for a mix of both number two start with a varied selection begin with a variety of wines to explore different regions Styles and grape varieties include Reds whites sparkling wines and dessert wines to cover all bases this approach helps you discover what you enjoy the most and helps you create a well-rounded collection number three focus on quality not quantity by selecting wines from reputable producers and regions look for wines with good aging potential and don't hesitate to spend a little more on quality bottles that'll enhance your collection and your enjoyment number four store properly store them in a cool dark place with consistent temperatures ideally between 10 to 15° C investing in a wine fridge or a cabinet to ensure optimal conditions and number five keep track of your collection this is to make sure that your wines are not getting old and tired and you're drinking them in their Prime drinking window so are you ready to start your wine collection share with me your favorite wine discoveries in the comments below and don't forget to follow me for more wine insights cheers

- Top Techniques For Researching & Building A Rare Wine Collection As An Investment: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- Every Wine Explained in 10 minutes Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Cabernet San in the 17th century Cabernet Fran and San Blanc grapes were an unlikely pair they produced a new wine in France it soon became very popular this wine had strong complex tastes of black currant and a touch of mint it pairs well with dishes like grilled steak or H cheddar but Cabernet Savon isn't just a one trick pony it's been the top grape for everyone throughout history from ancient Romans to modern-day celebrities so next time you supp a glass of cab remember you're not just drinking wine you're enjoying a delicious piece of History cheers to that Mero it's a grape type that had many ups and downs in the world of wine Mero and Cabernet San are often mixed but they have unique histories both came from the ber region in France Cabernet San came in the 17th century meanwhile Mero emerged in the late 18th century it became popular for softening cabs t canons over time Merlo gained popularity as a standalone wine it's shown in the right Bank of Berto these regions had clayr soils ideal for its growth meanwhile cabrin svan thrived in the Left Bank which had grally soils this Terre difference shaped their qualities Mero produced softer fruer Wines in contrast Cabernet svon had more structure it was also more intense in the late 20th century Merlin became very popular this was especially true in the United States it was seen as an easy to drink red Peno Noir people love this grape for its unique taste but it poses challenges to Growers and wine makers it needs specific conditions making great wines takes careful attention the best Pino Noir also comes for burgundy in France and today cool areas of California like the Russian River Valley they share a key trait a cool climate that helps grapes slowly ripen this leads to rich flavors and a good balance of fru and acidity to truly appreciate the nuances of Pino Noir it's crucial to pair with the right Foods the wine is delicate and subtly earthy it pairs well with dishes that have mushrooms truffles or gay Meats like Duck or venison Pino Noir also pairs well with salmon shiras also known as SAR is a grape variety that has captivated wine enthusiasts with its bold and spicy character shiras is from the Ron Valley in France it is found a second home in the sunny Vineyards of Australia where it is a Signature variety The Grape thrives in warm dry climates examples are the barasa valley and McLaren Val the long growing season lets the grapes develop Rich concentrated flavors when it comes to food pairings shiras is a versatile wine that can stand up to bold and savory flavors it's spicy notes and robust tannins make it an excellent companion to grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or venison the Wine's dark fruit flavors go well with dishes with Rich tomato based sauces these include classic spaghetti bolog they also have slow cooked Ru but how does chiras compar to the equally bold and flavorful malbeck malbeck is another bold flavorful red wine it's similar to chiras but has its own distinct character malba comes from the C region of France it is found its true home in the High Altitude Vineyards of Argentina especially in the Mendoza region the grape thrives in warm sunny days and cool nights of the Andis foot hills it develops a unique flavor that sets it apart from its French counterpart both malbeck and shiras have dark fruit flavors and a full body but malbeck tends to have a softer more velvety texture with less harsh tannin fruit flavors dominate its taste they're Lush and ripe like Blackberry Plum and black cherry they're often accompanied by hints of cocoa vanilla and even a touch of tobacco this is thanks to the Wine's frequent agent and Oak barrels but what sets malbeck apart from other red wine varietals the answer lies in its unique Journey from the old world to the new it is a adapted to its new home in the high altitudes of Argentina Rosé rosé wine is pink and comes from many places Province France is a major producer to make it wine makers briefly soak red grape skins and Juice this creates Hues from light to vibrant pink its taste varies it often mixes red fruit flavors with sharp acidity common notes include strawberries cherries and citrus making it light and tasty the sunent is floral and fruity with hints of rose petals fruits and melon it is versatile and refreshing this makes it a great match for dishes it complement salads Seafood meats and spicy foods chardonay moving on to delicious white varietal let's explore the world of Chardonnay it's a white wine that has captured many hearts shardon started in Burgundy France it has a long history dating to the Middle Ages as the name suggests they named it after Chardon Village this Village is in the Macon region over time this grape has spread across the globe it found new homes in places like California and Australia when it comes to taste chardonay is known for its diverse flavor profile the wine ranges from crisp and mineral driven to Rich and buttery it showcases a wide range of characteristics in cooler climates Chardonnay has flavors of green apple citrus in a hint of minerality in warmer areas it tastes more like tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango also many Chardon are asan oak giving them vanilla butter and toasted bread flavors this process increases the Wine's depth and complexity soan Blanc soan Blanc is a popular white wine with a sharp taste and unique flavors it's loved by wine enthusiasts worldwide this grape grows best and cool climates like the lar Valley in France and New Zealand's Malboro region there it develops its crisp refreshing taste high acidity gives savan Blanc its Lively zesty feel svan Blanc smell varies by region and wine making methods cooler areas often offer grassy Pepper or nettle notes thanks to purin the notes shift to tropical fruit is grapes ripen this happens especially in warm regions like California or South Africa its acidity and complexity makes San Blanc a great pairing for dishes it suits Light Summer meals and herbs like basil or mint also it enhances Seafood notably oysters with its acidity reasing reasing is a great Variety steeped in history and romance it traces back to the pretty Ry region of Germany people have known this Noble grap for centuries they've grown it on the Steep Terrace slopes of the Rind Valley there it has developed a unique character that character reflects the Region's special terar the cool climate and mineral Rich soils of the rine make the grapes sweet and acidic this creates wines that range from bone dry to Sweet reasing pairs well with food it is beloved for many types of dishes the wines off dry to Sweet styles are a perfect match for spicy Asian Cuisines such as Thai or Indian Vino Verde the refreshing an effervescent Portuguese white wine this wine is unique its name green wine doesn't mean it's green it refers to its youthful vibrant character Veno ver is made in the Lush Green Hills in the Minho region in Northern Portugal the cool damp climate and fertile soils there are perfect for growing the local grape varieties used to make kit it's bright acidity and Fizz make it perfect for seafood this is especially true for shellfish and grilled fish it also pairs well with salads and light appetizers so the next time you're looking for a unique and refreshing white wine to enjoy in a warm day grab a bottle of Veno Verde you'll get to experience the youthful charm of this Portuguese specialty zen fendel zen fundel is a grape variety that has captured the hearts of wine enthusiasts it has bold and spicy character it is known for making wines that are robust and fruity it often includes notes of blackberry raspberry and black pepper Zen fendel has a rich history in California where it has been cultivated since the mid 19th century the grape's origins however can be traced back to Croatia when it comes to food pairings zandel is bold and spicy it's ideal for hearty and flavorful dishes the wine has robust cannons and high alcohol they pair beautifully with grilled Meats such as beef or lamb they also go well with spicy Cuisines like Mexican or Indian zendel is also perfect with Rich tomato based dishes these include pasta with meat sauce or pizza champagne champagne is effervescent it epitomizes luxury and celebration it owes its character to a unique fermentation process called the metod champenois this labra intensive method involves a second fermentation in the bottle it gives the wine its Bubbles and complex flavor yeast and sugar dance in the bottle they make a symphony of smells and tastes these range from hints of citrus and bage to Rich toasty undertones the history of champagne is as captivating as the wine its Origins date back to the 17th century in the region of France with the same name here the monk D peran is said to have found the secrets of sparkling wine he said come quickly I am tasing the Stars comment and let me know if I left any wines out toao

  Top Comments:
  1. @beefb0ss [1 likes]: AI SLOP
  2. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌏🌍🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  3. @FoodItemsExplain: Video so nice but...... 😊
  4. @ExplainedDishes: Love how you explained everything about wine.
  5. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  6. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  7. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  8. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champagne!  
🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  9. @annataranto1414: What about Beaujolais?
  10. @mikemike3675: Modern day celebrities turned me off who gives a **
  11. @brettbourgeois5379: "Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc in the 1700 century." a few seconds later "and was enjoyed by the ancient Romans." AI trash
  12. @BehindTheBoottle: love this
  13. @aimeelouvier-sutton: All wine tastes like rotten fruit🤢🤢
  14. @KaitlynLifeDiaries: love the video
  15. @Pnm23: What is a Vinho Verde? Nothing but a Region, not a type of wine!
  16. @MerlinMoorlo: Everything you should know that every wine started in.... Burgundy, France. There are no such a thing as "american" wine in the universe. Its a sh*t. If you need real wine buy only French wine.
  17. @BornFree21: Aka the blood of the lamb
  18. @FloatyCatHazy: That is unsettleling and facinating at the same time, she maged to explain all wines but not a single one from Italy, like talking about box legends not metioning Tyson
  19. @strawberrycakez-b9z: You should stop using AI for your voiceovers girl
  20. @calicopiratecat: It's remarkable to choose the worst grapes for making wine video.

- Scotch & Wine Tasting Event: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] tasting event where they're also giving away a free Bentley it looks like but the entire event was fantastic it was great to meet more entrepreneurs and see what they're doing big fan about how DLC has been you know organizing these events bringing us all together over fun things like wine hope to be part of a few more in the future as well [Applause] it's always very invigorating to participate at these events my friends here are budding entrepreneurs leaders and we come from all walks of life

- Wine History: The Beginning of Wine / China vs Georgia / Arsenio Kh: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] nothing more excellent or valuable than Wine was ever granted with by gods to men Plato 400 to 300 BC ciao everyone my name is Areno welcome to White history series the history of wine is vast there's many things to discuss nearly all the countries in the world are producing wine today and the question is where we have the first traces of wine who produced the first wine from what it was produced before going to the Discovery I think it's very important to mention about the vine plant itself so what is this what is our first image when we talk about Vines you would imagine a Vineyard somewhere in Bordeaux or burgundy or Spain doesn't matter a very well organized managed plant very clean not too vigorous if we go to Bordeaux you have a very short trained Vines it's like a woody pot looking like a bonsai tree when we think about the vine think about something tidy something not that large something looking like a small tree but actually if we look at the origins of the vine itself what kind of plant it is it's not a tree it's a bana plant it's a climber plant it's a plant which you could find in Forest which could grow to 12 to 15 M tall so we understand that l plant is in the forest the idea of a Leana is to climb on the tree get to the Sun get the all the chemical reaction going so for photosynthesis accumulation of sugars and of course growing some grapes when we go back to Neolithic Revolution which happens around 10,000 BC it's the first traces when we start seeing wine production like when I was talking about wine don't imagine like Wine sellers with stainless steel tanks or even barrels we talking about something extremely primitive neic Revolution one of the most important things to emphasize is when a humankind started to adopt agricultural practices cultivation of plants and domestication of cattle and other animals what we're doing we're cultivating the plants which were bringing the food to us so again talking about the wheat talking about any fruit trees berries Etc and of course when we discovered that a plant in a forest can grow some very tasty not poisonous fruits at least once a year of course we're going to cultivate this plant and this is how it started nail effect Revolution cultivation of plants discovery of a Vine maximize the production of fruits and when we're thinking about nowadays Vineyards tidy short rained Vines it's very logical it was a very tall plant it's not comfortable for for harvesting and of course we're going to train this plant short it's easy to harvest The Grapes the fruits today we're going to discuss the first appearance of wine nowadays we have many countries prod most of the countries producing wine it's very important liquid in the all history of humankind which shows sometimes status which used for celebrating particular events so it's a very important drink of course many countries fight who first produced The Wine who had the first wine production before going to the country where we know for sure for now that is the country with oldest traces of the wine I want to talk about the discussion which is still ongoing because some people think and believe the first wine comes from Georgia it's not true yeah Georgia is the second oldest region in the world which produced wine because it can be traced back to E th000 years to the times of Neolithic Revolution however there's another country which apparently produced wine a bit earlier can be traced back to 9,000 years so around 7,000 to 6,600 BC and this country is China I would not be surprised why China produced the first wine although now it's not the first Association which you have you think about China if we think it is logical why China was the first country for now when I'm talking about discoveries of course maybe tomorrow there will be a new discovery it will be another country or even the same Georgia which will find some earlier Trace some point but I'm talking about right now about year 2023 around November and it is very logical because China was the first country to start producing Pottery why is this important because we need to remember that at that point of time there is no concrete tanks there is no wooden barrels there is no stainless still test and of course the first vessels which were used to Wine made from clay Terra Cota or AER style vessels which is very simple to make you need a vessel you need something where you will keep the liquid for fermentation to state that someone produced the first wine you must have some evidence and evidence going through chemical analysis of a vessel this why knowing that China is a country with the earli traces of production of potery we therefore can understand they are more likely to be the country where we can trace the earliest wine production because clay pots have the poorest surface and therefore if they kept some wine there after thousands of years the porest surface will have some particles which we now analyze we found out that it was wine like liquid so this why China had an advantage and this why China is the the country with the oldest traces of wine production let's talk about the wine itself what we have discovered at that point of time what kind of wine China produced of course it wasn't a pure Rap Made wine no it was a mixture of rice it was a mixture of grapes it was mixture of some other fruits which produced this kind of wine like liquid and you can tell me look arenum that's not wine wine is a beverage produced from grapes only that's all and I would say yeah of course you at some point you're right but we need to remember that there are many definitions of wi and I chose two definitions out of the thousands which exist and just to give you a comparison the first definition wine is an alcoholic beverage made with a fermental juice of grapes and here you will say yeah of course that's what we know that's how we perceive the wine but there's another definition which is also pretty similar but different wine is the alcoholic usually fermented juice of plant products used as a beverage so here we can understand that wine in reality it's a pretty in a way ambiguous term although when we talk about wine nowadays of course if you go to a shop you go to a restaurant and you will ask for a wine list you will ask for some wine they will bring you the wine made from graves only and if you want to order some wine from other fruits you will name the name of the fruit and then you would say wine for example I want some pomegranate wine you add the name of fruit and then you add wine but it doesn't really matter when we talk about the first Wine discovery because of course wine can made from any fruits it's a matter of having some sugar some natural yeast and therefore natural fermentation which will happen eventually and this why we consider nowadays China has the earliest discovery of wine on the final note what I want to say it is important to understand the first origins of wine because it will help us to understand later why the wine was moving to particular countries why some countries found wine production earlier than others so this was a brief history of the origins of the wine and of course we're going to discuss more and more in detail how the wine was evolving where it was going to what kind of adaptations what kind of form procedures significations were going on when they were discovered by human why so I hope you like this video and if you like it subscribe like and uh and share this of anyone you like or think it will be interesting so ciao h

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethgreen9490: "promo sm" 🎉

- Why DR Congo's art is worth fighting for: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone my name is wendy bashi and you are watching the 77 magazine we are here in kinshasa in the democratic republic of the congo in this city there is music and art everywhere so today we are talking about culture and the appreciation of the cultural heritage i'm going to the first expert alesh can you tell us what means to you for me it's something that defines you art is the component that describes who you are that shows our identity and so in short our art is us that's so i'm going to oracle now you are one of the first female rapper here in drc you must have had a lot of challenges to get where you are today can you tell us about the obstacles that you have to face in your career well first of all i think that being a woman in the rap world which is considered to be less noble than rumba is already a problem you see there are men who look at you like what is this woman doing in rap in my case i had my family that was there for me even when nobody believed in what i was doing even when we were called dreamers at the time we were just considered crazy people who were getting into something that was out of our world i will now go to mr christian your party is ruling the country today how do you support them we are taking our time first to listen to them as people we especially putting pressure on the government so that the copyrights are respected and we're also fighting against piracy because they also make money of the artist it is also a profession in profession so you say that you are working in terms of copyrights i will now jump to bayer chamala in terms of copyright here in drc do you agree with kristian lewis i think so there are some efforts that have been made but they are not effective they are not effective because the ministry of culture is not very involved so what you are telling us this afternoon is that in terms of copyrights and cultural policies nothing has been done here so that makes you disagree absolutely absolutely there have been efforts by the predecessors of the current minister of the minister of culture who made the initial plans but every time any minister comes in it doesn't work out we always start from scratch the files are in a closet we ask ourselves what's going on either people are idle sitting on their hands or they are going to work to make real reforms thank you very much now i'm going back like lumu they say they support us on copyright issues i'm going to stay on that right now i've been in a lawsuit for two years against a big brewery company that infringed my copyrights and i brought all the proofs forward now it happens so that justice has its own ways in this country i as a small fish who does not have one hundred thousand dollars to bribe people i find myself facing monsters i find myself facing monsters facing a multinational that bribes important people who are in the circuit they have been accusations of corruption at the judicial level as well sadly nothing has been done about it for the last two years we have a concrete example here of an artist whose rights have been violated mr luma was talking about copyrights your party is ruling the country what do you want to say to what you just did what he is saying is the reason why we came to power the president repeated it even in gomer he said if we have a real problem with our justice system we will not be able to change the country we have to change the country with everyone's involvement so now we are going to look at the structures because we have artists here who are talking about copyrights they are talking about the value of the work do you at this point feel that you have been supported we are a congolese structure we sought the help of the institutions but if it doesn't work it's just not going to work as a result we don't have any help but we are making do with what we have to help the artists artists so i'm going directly to the authority mr diabanza what do you want to say the problem is global it's the responsibility of the politicians but it's also the stakeholders who are responsible the artists must fight we have been able to make our roomba famous on the other side of europe thanks to this musician and that's without any support from politics why did this happen they understood that they have to sell their products so everything that we've heard today is there any hope for the cultural sector here in diazy well there is hope for me there is hope because we will not stop fighting we won't stop doing what we used to do because there are two political representatives who admit that they are powerless but at the same time they try to blame us my hope is that mr adiambaza will help us to find solutions to our problems today let's look at all these faces we have here data casino who today is doing huge things but why did dada get more support from french and belgium government than the congolese government i have toward the united states i've toured many countries in the world i have had support from the us government the french government the english government the belgium government but never from the congolese government however since i am an artist here i pay the congolese government every two years i renew my artist cards which are useless to me why are you the head of a country if you don't know how to do anything for us well i have a lot to say but i want to stop here so let's close with oracle is there any hope for the cultural sector today in drc i would say the same thing as my brother when it comes to having hope we do what we do because we are passionate and we want the generations that will come after us to be able to say that there are people who fought for such a cause i think that in this sense yes we have hope but it is a little difficult because the statement that he made is clear if you have five years and three years have already passed and nothing has happened and two years are left you should not be surprised when songs like the ones of alesh are coming out we are coming to the end of our show thank you all for watching feel free to share and comment on our page

  Top Comments:
  1. @patientecntrl9633 [1 likes]: A sad story
  2. @river994: Masterpiece!!! You may want to take a look at P R O M O S M!!

- 12 Astonishing Facts About DR Congo | Africa’s Most Contradicting Nation | Travel Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en I don't think people understand just how unreal New Zealand truly is. Picture a land so unreal. Hollywood doesn't just film there. It borrows it to create entire fantasy worlds. A place so hidden on some maps it was once left out entirely. Here, Christmas morning is barefoot on golden beaches. Dinner might include bugs most people would run from. And one hill's name is so absurdly long it shattered world records along with a few tongues. This is New Zealand, where volcanoes breathe like slumbering gods, where caves shimmer with galaxies of living light, and where Mauy religions don't belong to the past. They walk beside you in the present. It's wild. It's magical. It's impossibly real. Get ready for 15 mind-blowing facts about New Zealand. A journey into a world that feels stranger than fiction, yet is stunningly true. Number 15, the loneliest country on Earth. Welcome to New Zealand, a nation so isolated it's often called the loneliest country on Earth. Tucked away in the southwestern Pacific, New Zealand is made up of two main islands, the North and South Islands, along with dozens of smaller ones. It shares zero land borders and its nearest neighbor, Australia, is a full $2,000 kilometers away. South America 9,000 km. Antarctica nearly 5,000. That separation from the rest of the world has created an ecosystem, a culture, and a lifestyle unlike anywhere else on the planet. A world both wild and wondrous. Smaller in size than California, New Zealand spans roughly 268,000 kilometers, but it's overflowing with natural drama. The South Island is home to the mighty Southern Alps, over 3,000 glaciers, and snowcapped Mount Cook towering all year round. Meanwhile, the North Island is a playground of geological extremes, boasting over 50 volcanoes, many still rumbling with life beneath the surface. It's no wonder Hollywood films like The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit were shot here. The land feels like a fantasy world that just happens to be real. But here's the kicker. Humans aren't the dominant life form. With a population of just under 5 million, humans account for only 5% of the country's total animal biomass. The rest birds, sheep, cattle, goats, and wildlife. In many ways, we're just tenants on land that belongs to nature. Number 14. Women in New Zealand make the first move. Forget stereotypes. Women in New Zealand are redefining beauty, confidence, and independence. They're not known for flashy makeup, or over-the-top fashion. Instead, their charm lies in something more organic. sun-kissed skin, natural hair, and a relaxed, confident attitude that seems almost effortless. Despite the country's low population, New Zealand has produced four international beauty queens. But here's the twist. It's not about glamour. It's about authenticity. And behind that laid-back beauty, brains, lots of them. Over 60% of Kiwi women hold university degrees, a rate higher than many developed countries. They make up nearly half the national workforce, excelling in fields like healthcare. AIM education, business, and tech. At one point, every major leadership position in the country, prime minister, governor general, chief justice, and attorney general, was held by a woman. That wasn't just symbolic, it was revolutionary. Number 13. Kiwis love using the f-word, but not the one you think. New Zealand isn't just about jaw-dropping landscapes. It's also full of delightful little shocks that'll make your jaw drop for other reasons. Let's start with shoes, or rather the lack of them. Here, it's perfectly normal to see people walking barefoot in supermarkets, on buses, even along city streets. To Kiwis, ditching footwear isn't weird. It's a way to stay grounded, literally, and feel connected to nature. And don't worry about stepping on snakes. New Zealand has zero wild snakes. It's one of the rare countries on Earth. All right, let's kick things off with something that perfectly captures the spirit of Congalles ingenuity, the Chukudu. Now, when you think of a motorcycle, you're probably picturing chrome, engines, and a whole lot of noise, right? Well, throw that image out the window. In the eastern city of GMA, the king of the road is made of wood. The Chukudu is a masterpiece of handcrafted engineering, a scooter built almost entirely from eucalyptus and mumba wood with old tires for the wheels. It's not just a vehicle. It's a lifeline for the local economy. These aren't just little toys, either. A well-built chukudu is a beast. It can carry loads of over 600 lb. That's more than 270 kg. Imagine loading up sacks of charcoal, crates of beer, or a whole family's groceries onto a wooden scooter and then navigating the bustling hilly streets of GMA. The riders known as chukuers are masters of balance and strength. They push these heavy loads uphill and then skillfully ride them downhill using a simple foot break made from a piece of tire rubber. It's an incredible display of skill and physical power that you have to see to believe. What I love most is how personal these chudos are. Each one is a reflection of its owner. Riders customize them with paint carvings and sometimes even add a horn or a little congalles flag. They give them names. They repair them with care. And they treat them as a business partner. It's a relationship built on sweat and wood. The chukudu isn't just a tool. It's a symbol of pride, resilience, and the incredible ability of people to create solutions with the resources they have at hand. It's practical art in motion. And it doesn't stop at just being a workhorse. The Chukadoo is so central to the culture in GMA that it's celebrated. There's an annual Chukadoo race where riders from all over the region come to compete. It's not about speed, but about skill, endurance, and style. The streets are lined with cheering crowds, turning a day of hard labor into a festival of community spirit. It's a testament to how something born from necessity can become a source of joy and cultural identity. The Chukudu is more than a wooden motorcycle. It's the heartbeat of GMA. Now, let's journey deep into the emerald heart of the Congo into the Atouri Forest, home to one of the most ancient and fascinating communities on the planet, the Pygmies. The first thing people often associate with them is their short stature, which is a genetic adaptation to life in the dense, humid rainforest. But focusing only on their height is like judging a book by its cover. And this is a book filled with ancient wisdom. They are the original inhabitants of this forest and their connection to it is something profound and almost spiritual. Their entire world is the forest. It provides them with food, shelter, medicine, and a spiritual home. They don't see nature as something to be conquered or exploited. They see it as a partner, a living entity that they coexist with. They have a knowledge of the forest's flora and fauna that is encyclopedic, passed down not through books, but through direct experience and oral tradition. They can identify thousands of plants, understand animal behaviors, and navigate the dense jungle with an ease that is simply astonishing. Their survival is a masterclass in sustainability and living in harmony with the environment. How do you preserve a culture without a written language? you sing it. For the Pygmies, history, mythology, and social laws are all woven into complex songs and polyhonic music. These aren't just simple tunes. They are intricate vocal performances with overlapping melodies and rhythms that tell the stories of their ancestors, celebrate successful hunts, and heal the sick. When they sing, the entire community participates, creating a powerful, unifying experience. It's a living library of sound where every note carries a piece of their identity and their deep connection to the forest and each other. This sense of community is also reflected in their social structure. Leadership isn't hierarchical. It's communal. When a major decision needs to be made, the community gathers in a circle and everyone, men and women, has a voice until a consensus is reached. Their homes, temporary dome-shaped huts called mongulus, are built from saplings and leaves reflecting their semiynomatic lifestyle. They can be constructed in a few hours and are abandoned when the group moves to a new area, leaving a minimal footprint on the forest floor. It's a life of constant movement and adaptation, a testament to a culture that has thrived for millennia by being light on the earth. Okay, picture this. You're at a wedding. The music is playing. People are dressed up. The couple is about to be officially joined. What's the one thing you expect to see on everyone's face? A smile, right? Joy, happiness, maybe some happy tears. Well, in the Congo, if you're at a wedding, you can put that smile away. In fact, smiling during the wedding ceremony is often seen as a sign of disrespect. I know it sounds completely backward to us, but there's a fascinating cultural reason behind it. For many congalles, a wedding is not just a party. It's a deeply serious and significant transition. It's the joining of two families, a major commitment that carries immense weight and responsibility. In this context, smiling is seen as frivolous. It can be interpreted as a sign that you're not taking the union seriously. A solemn composed expression, on the other hand, communicates respect, gravity, and a true understanding of the lifelong commitment being made. The bride and groom in particular are expected to maintain a serious almost regal demeanor throughout the ceremony. Think of it this way. In western cultures, the wedding day is often framed as the happiest day of your life, a culmination of a romantic story. In Congalles culture, it's more like the first day of a serious job. It's the beginning of a partnership that will involve challenges, require strength, and demand unwavering dedication. The somnity is a way of acknowledging the reality and importance of that journey. It's a promise not of constant happiness but of steadfast commitment through thick and thin. Of course, this doesn't mean Congalles weddings are somber, joyless affairs. Far from it. Once the formal ceremony is over and the couple is officially married, the atmosphere completely shifts. The reception is a massive celebration filled with incredible music, dancing that goes on all night, amazing food, and yes, plenty of laughter and smiling. The seriousness is for the sacred moment of the union itself. Once that's done, it's time to party. It's a beautiful cultural nuance that reminds us that joy and seriousness aren't mutually exclusive. They just have their proper time and place. If you want to see a masterclass in walking with purpose, just watch a congalles woman, there's a certain way they carry themselves, you know, a combination of power, grace, and unshakable confidence that is absolutely mesmerizing. It's not just about fashion. Although, man, they are impeccably dressed in vibrant Luta fabrics. It's really in their posture, their gate, the way they command a space just by entering it. They could walk onto any high fashion runway in Paris or Milan and completely own it without even trying. This elegance isn't just for show. It's a reflection of their role in society. Congalles women are in many ways the backbone of the family and the community. They are mothers, entrepreneurs, market vendors, and leaders. They often bear the primary responsibility for raising children, managing the household, and generating income. You'll see them at the market expertly negotiating prices or carrying heavy loads on their heads with a poise and balance that honestly just defies gravity. This daily life of hard work and responsibility cultivates a deep inner strength that radiates outward. Their style is a huge part of this expression. The Luta is more than just clothing. It's a statement. The fabrics are bold, colorful, and often feature intricate patterns that can tell a story or convey a message. The way a woman ties her head wrap, the cut of her dress, the accessories she chooses, it's all a form of personal and cultural expression. It's a way of celebrating their identity and femininity in a world that often demands so much from them. It's a vibrant display of beauty and resilience. This combination of strength and elegance is a powerful force. Congalles women navigate complex social and economic landscapes with incredible resourcefulness. They are known for their strong will and their ability to persevere through adversity. So when you see that powerful walk, that regal posture, and that confident gaze, you're not just seeing a beautiful woman. You're seeing the embodiment of a culture strength, the quiet dignity of a survivor and the fierce elegance of a queen in her own right. In many parts of the world, beauty standards can be pretty narrow and, let's be honest, often kind of random. But in parts of the Congo, there's a beauty standard that is tied to something more than just aesthetics, intelligence. I'm talking about the high forehead. In some Congalles cultures, a broad high forehead is considered a primary mark of beauty in both men and women. But it's not just about having a certain facial structure. It's about what that feature is believed to represent. A high forehead is seen as a sign of wisdom, intellect, and nobility. It suggests a person has a great capacity for thought, a sharp mind, and a respectable character. This isn't just a passive preference. It has led to some unique cultural practices. For example, some women traditionally shave their hairlines further back to accentuate the height of their forehead, making this desirable trait even more prominent. It was a way of physically signaling their inner qualities of intelligence and respectability to the world. This idea completely flips the script on many Western beauty ideals. Instead of focusing on youthfulness or delicate features, this standard celebrates maturity and intellect. It's a form of beauty that you can't just buy or apply. It's perceived as an outward manifestation of your inner self. It connects physical appearance to character in a way that is both fascinating and frankly quite refreshing. Imagine a world where the most sought-after trait is the appearance of being smart. This cultural value shows how beauty is never universal. It is always deeply embedded in a society's values. What one culture prizes, another might overlook. In the Congo, the admiration for a high forehead tells us that intelligence and wisdom are held in very high esteem. It's a reminder that what we find beautiful is often a reflection of what we find important. It's not just about the face, it's about the mind behind it. We've already talked about the Chukudu, but the Congolese genius for transportation doesn't stop there. The creativity born from necessity is a recurring theme, and it's on full display with their handcrafted wooden bicycles. These are not the sleek, lightweight racing bikes you might be thinking of. Much like the Chukudu, these are sturdy, functional workh horses built from wood, scrap metal, and whatever other materials are available, they are a testament to incredible resourcefulness and engineering skill. Imagine building a fully functional bicycle capable of carrying hundreds of pounds, primarily out of wood. The frame, the handlebars, sometimes even parts of the wheels are all carved and assembled by hand. These aren't mass- prodduced in a factory. They are created in small local workshops by artisans who have perfected their craft over years. Each bicycle is a unique creation tailored to the specific needs of its rider and the tough terrain it will have to navigate. These wooden bikes are essential for commerce and daily life, especially in rural areas where paved roads are scarce and motorized vehicles are a luxury. They are used to transport everything from agricultural produce like bananas and manio to charcoal and building materials. You'll see riders balancing impossibly large and heavy loads, pushing their bikes for miles over dirt tracks. It's a grueling job that requires immense physical strength and endurance. But these wooden bicycles make it possible. This is more than just a quaint rustic tradition. It's a dynamic and practical solution to a realworld problem. It demonstrates a deep understanding of mechanics and materials and an ability to innovate with limited resources. These wooden bicycles alongside the chukudus are not relics of the past. They are a vital part of the present-day transport infrastructure in many parts of the Congo. They represent a powerful form of grassroots innovation that is sustainable, repairable, and perfectly adapted to its environment. The Democratic Republic of the Congo is home to the second largest rainforest in the world after the Amazon. But honestly, to call it just a rainforest feels like an understatement. This is a vast emerald ocean of trees, a sprawling wilderness that covers more than half the country. It's a place of staggering biodiversity pulsating with a life force that is both beautiful and well, a little intimidating. And so much of it remains a mystery, unexplored and untouched by the outside world. These jungles are not just a collection of trees. They are a complex living ecosystem that holds countless secrets. They are home to species that are found nowhere else on Earth like the elusive okapi with its zebra striped legs and girafflike head and the bonobo our closest living relative known for its peaceful matriarchal society. New species of plants, insects, and even larger animals are still being discovered here. Hidden away in the dense undergrowth and high canopies. For centuries, these forests have been a place of myth and legend. They are seen as the home of powerful spirits and the source of traditional medicine. For the communities that live within and around them, the jungle is a pharmacy, a supermarket, and a sacred temple allinone. The knowledge they hold about this environment is immense, passed down through generations. And it's a knowledge that modern science is only just beginning to appreciate. Every vine, every leaf, every root has a purpose and a story. Exploring these jungles is not for the faint of heart. The terrain is challenging, the climate is demanding, and the sheer density of the vegetation can be disorienting. It's a world that commands respect. But for those who venture in, the rewards are immense. It's a chance to witness nature in its most raw and powerful form. To feel the ancient pulse of the earth, and to understand that there are still places on our planet that hold deep, profound secrets waiting to be discovered, or perhaps meant to be left in peace. The energy of the Congo is something you feel as much as you see. It's not a quiet, passive place. It's a country that is constantly in motion. A symphony of sounds, sights, and interactions that create a unique and vibrant rhythm. At the heart of this pulse is the Congo River, the second largest river in the world by discharge volume. It's the country's main artery, a massive flowing highway that connects the interior to the coast, carrying people, goods, and stories along its powerful currents. The river's energy is matched by the energy of the people. And nowhere is this more evident than in the music. The drum beat is the heartbeat of the Congo. From the intricate rhythms of traditional ceremonies to the infectious sukus music that has conquered dance floors across Africa and the world, rhythm is everything. Music isn't just entertainment. It's communication. It's celebration. It's a way of life. The sound of drums can echo from a village or a guitar riff can spill out of a bar in Kinshasa. And instantly, the air is charged with energy. But the pulse of the Congo isn't just in the loud sounds. It's in the quiet moments, too. It's in the glances exchanged between people in a bustling market. A silent communication that can convey a whole conversation. It's in the shared laughter, the expressive gestures, the way people interact with a passion and an intensity that is captivating. There's a directness and an emotional honesty in these interactions that is incredibly powerful. This constant thrum of energy is everywhere. It's in the vibrant colors of the women's leutas, the controlled chaos of the city traffic, the fervent prayers in a church, and the joyful shouts of children playing football in the street. The Congo is a country that is fully and unapologetically alive. It pulses with a raw, creative, and resilient energy that gets under your skin and stays with you long after you've left. If you had to describe the DRC in one word, tame would not be it. This is a country with a fierce, untamed spirit. It's a spirit forged in a history of immense challenges, from a brutal colonial past to political instability and conflict. But instead of breaking the country, this history seems to have instilled in it a powerful, almost defiant resilience. The Congolese spirit is not about quiet endurance. It's about loud, vibrant, and creative survival. This fierceness is reflected in the land itself. The volcanoes of the Verunga Mountains, which sometimes light up the night sky with their fiery glow, the powerful rapids and waterfalls of the Congo River that make much of it unnavigable. the impenetrable jungles that have resisted easy exploitation. Nature in the Congo is not gentle. It is grand, powerful, and demands respect. It's a landscape that mirrors the spirit of its people, strong, untamed, and possessing a deep, formidable power. You see this fierce spirit in the art. Congalles art, whether it's painting, sculpture, or music, is rarely subtle. It is bold, expressive, and often confronts difficult subjects headon. The painters of the Kinshasa school create fantastical chaotic canvases that capture the frenetic energy of urban life. The musicians sing with a passion and power that is undeniable. It's an art that doesn't whisper. It shouts. It sings. It demands to be seen and heard. This untamed quality is what makes the Congo so compelling. It's not a country that has been sanitized for tourists or that fits neatly into Western expectations. It is unapologetically itself. It's a place of incredible beauty and immense challenges, of profound joy and deep sorrow. This fierce spirit is a source of incredible creativity and strength, allowing people to not just survive, but to create, to celebrate, and to live with an intensity that is truly extraordinary. We mentioned it earlier, but it really deserves its own chapter because it's just that cool. The annual Chukadoo race in GMA. Forget Formula 1. Forget NASCAR. This is racing at its most raw, its most grassroots, and honestly, its most impressive. Every year, the city of Gumach puts on a festival to celebrate its iconic wooden scooter. And the main event is a race that pits the strongest and most skillful chukadurs against each other in a thrilling display of human power. The raceourse isn't some pristine manicured track. Nope, it's the actual streets of GMA with all their potholes, their hills, and you know, their chaotic traffic. The race usually starts right at the top of a long hill. The first part of the competition is a brutal uphill push. The riders, muscles straining, have to shove their chucados, often still loaded with symbolic sacks of goods, up a steep incline. This is a pure test of strength and endurance, and the crowds that line the streets just roar with encouragement. Once they reach the summit, that's when the real fun begins. The riders hop on their wooden steeds for a high-speed downhill descent. This is where skill truly takes over. They navigate turns, avoid obstacles, and control their speed using only their body weight and a primitive foot brake made of rubber. Reaching speeds that can be genuinely dangerous, they hurdle towards the finish line. It's a breathtaking spectacle of balance, courage, and expert control. The Chukadoo Race is more than just a competition. It's a celebration of a unique part of GMA's identity. The winner doesn't just get a prize, which can range from money to a new mattress or even a goat. They get bragging rights and the respect of the entire community. The event, often sponsored by the local UN peacekeeping mission and local businesses, brings the whole city together. It's a day to honor the hard work, ingenuity, and spirit of the Chukadur, turning their daily grind into a moment of glory and citywide celebration. In a world full of top- down leadership, boardrooms, and rigid hierarchies, the pygmy communities of the Congo offer a powerful alternative, the circle. When a decision needs to be made that affects the entire group, be it moving camp, organizing a hunt, or resolving a dispute, they don't defer to a single chief or ruler. Instead, the community gathers, sits in a circle, and talks. This is their form of governance, a deeply democratic process centered on achieving consensus. The circle itself is symbolic. There is no head of the table, no front of the room. Everyone is on the same level and everyone is facing each other. This physical arrangement really reinforces the social ideal that every member's voice is important. Men, women, and even older children are encouraged to speak their minds, share their perspectives, and contribute to the discussion. It's a process that can be long and deliberate, but the goal isn't speed, it's inclusivity. The discussions continue until everyone is in agreement. Now, this doesn't mean that everyone gets their first choice, but it does mean that the final decision is one that everyone can live with. It's a system built on mutual respect and the understanding that the well-being of the group depends on the harmony within it. Forcing a decision on a dissenting minority would create resentment and fracture the community, which is something their cooperative lifestyle just cannot afford. This model of communal decision-making is a powerful lesson in social cohesion. It prioritizes the collective good over individual ambition and ensures that power remains distributed throughout the community. It's a slow, patient, and deeply human way of governing themselves that has allowed them to navigate the complexities of forest life and maintain a strong social fabric for thousands of years. It's a reminder that leadership can be a shared responsibility, not just a position of authority. Imagine if your history books, your laws, and your favorite stories weren't written down, but were sung into existence every day. For many indigenous communities in the Congo, especially the pygmies, this is reality. Their entire cultural heritage, their history, their myths, their practical knowledge of the forest, is encoded in music. Oral history through song is not just a tradition. It's really their primary method of preserving and transmitting knowledge across generations. These are not simple campfire songs. The music is often incredibly complex, characterized by dense polifany where multiple independent vocal melodies are woven together to create a rich layered sound. Each person has a part and the interlocking rhythms and harmonies create a whole greater than the sum of its parts. It's a musical style that totally reflects their communal ethos. Everyone contributes to create a beautiful unified hole. A song might tell the story of a great hunt from generations ago, teaching younger hunters the techniques and the spiritual reverence required. Another might be a lullabi that contains a map of safe and dangerous parts of the forest. Healing ceremonies are often centered around specific songs believed to have curative powers. The music is functional, spiritual, and historical all at once. It's a living, breathing archive that is constantly being performed and renewed. By embedding their knowledge in song, they ensure that it is memorable and emotionally resonant. You don't just learn a fact, you feel the story behind it. The act of singing together also reinforces community bonds and a shared identity. In a world where information is increasingly digital and detached, this tradition is a powerful reminder of the deep human connection between memory, music, and community. It's a library where the books are alive and the shelves are the voices of the people. A home is more than just a shelter. It's, you know, a reflection of a lifestyle. For the semi-nomeadic pygmy people, their homes, called mongulus, are a perfect expression of their relationship with the forest and their life of mobility. These are not permanent structures built to last for decades. Instead, they are temporary dome-shaped huts, ingeniously constructed from materials gathered directly from their immediate surroundings. The construction is a marvel of natural engineering and is traditionally the work of the women. They start by gathering strong flexible saplings which are then driven into the ground in a circle. The tops of the saplings are bent over and tied together creating a sturdy dome-like frame. This frame is then thatched with large leaves typically from the maraci plant which are overlapped like shingles to create a surprisingly waterproof and wellinssulated shelter. The entire process of building a new home can be completed in just a few hours. This speed and efficiency are crucial for a community that moves its camp every few weeks or months following the seasonal availability of food or in response to spiritual guidance. The mongulus are not meant to be permanent because the people are not permanent. Their home is the forest itself and these huts are just temporary resting places within it. When it's time to move on, the huts are simply abandoned. Because they are made entirely of biodegradable materials, they slowly decompose and return to the forest floor, leaving almost no trace. This practice of building and abandoning homes is the ultimate form of sustainable architecture. It's a lifestyle that really embodies the principle of leave no trace, a deep respect for the environment that ensures the forest remains pristine for future generations and for the other beings that share it. The concept of settling down is a cornerstone of many cultures around the world. We buy houses, we plant roots, we build permanent communities. But for many in the Congo, especially the forest dwelling peoples, life is defined not by permanence, but by movement. The nomadic or semi-nomatic lifestyle isn't a sign of being unsettled. It is a highly sophisticated strategy of adaptation to a dynamic environment. It's a way of life that is in constant fluid motion. This movement is not random wandering. It is a carefully planned and deeply knowledgeable dance with the rhythms of the forest. Groups move to follow the ripening of different fruits, the migration of game animals, or the availability of honey. It's a way of harvesting the forest's resources sustainably, taking only what is needed from one area before moving on and allowing it time to regenerate. This mobility is the key to their long-term survival and the health of the ecosystem they depend on. Living a life of movement means that possessions are kept to a minimum. You only carry what is essential tools for hunting and gathering. A cooking pot may be a musical instrument. This material simplicity is not a sign of poverty but a practical requirement of a mobile existence. The true wealth lies not in objects but in knowledge. The mental map of the forest, the understanding of its plants and animals, and the strong social bonds that hold the community together on their journey. This way of life challenges our fundamental ideas about home and security. For nomadic peoples, home is not a single fixed place. It is a territory, a network of relationships, and a state of being within the forest. Security comes not from walls and locks, but from mobility, adaptability, and a deep reciprocal relationship with the natural world. It's a profound philosophy of life, one that sees constant change not as a threat, but as the very essence of existence. So, what do you get when you put all these pieces together? The wooden motorcycles, the serious weddings, the forest guardians, the untamed spirit. You get a picture of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that is honestly way more complex, fascinating, and human than the one you typically see in the news. The headlines often focus on conflict, poverty, and instability. And while those challenges are real, and significant, they are only one chapter in a much, much larger story. The Congo is a country of staggering contrasts. It is a place of immense natural wealth that has fueled global technologies. Yet, many of its people live with incredible simplicity. It is a place with a history of deep trauma. Yet, it produces some of the most joyful and lifeaffirming music on the planet. It is a place where ancient traditions coexist with modern bustling cities, creating a culture that is constantly evolving and reinventing itself. To truly begin to understand the Congo is to embrace these contradictions. It's to look past the easy narratives and see the ingenuity of the chukadair, the elegance of the women in the market, the wisdom in the pygmy song, and the fierce creativity in the artist's painting. It is to recognize that resilience is not just about surviving. It's about creating, celebrating, and living with a passion and intensity that is breathtaking. This is a land that defies easy categorization. It doesn't fit into a neat little box. It challenges your preconceptions and forces you to look deeper. The Congo is not a problem to be solved. It is a mystery to be explored. It is a vast, powerful, and deeply human place that holds countless stories, secrets, and lessons for the rest of us. It is a land that the world has barely begun to understand. And its story is still being written every single day by its incredible people. From the handcrafted wooden motorcycles of GMA to the ancient songs of the Aturi forest, the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a place that honestly just pulses with a life force all its own. We've seen how seriousness at a wedding is a sign of respect. How a high forehead can be a mark of intelligence and how a whole economy can be carried on the back of wooden scooters. This isn't just a collection of quirky facts. It's a glimpse into a world of profound ingenuity, resilience, and cultural depth that most of us never get to see. The true story of the Congo is written in the strength of its women, the rhythms of its music, and the untamed spirit of its people and its land. It's a country that refuses to be defined by its struggles, choosing instead to create, to innovate, and to dance with an energy that is absolutely infectious. It reminds us that there is so much more to our world than what we see on the surface. So many stories waiting to be heard if we only take the time to listen. If you enjoyed these facts, like and subscribe for more amazing stories from around the world. So the next time you hear about the DRC, I hope you'll remember the fierce elegance, the vibrant markets, and the deep abiding connection between people and nature. Remember the country that moves to its own powerful unapologetic beat. This is the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mysterious, fierce, and alive in ways the world has barely begun to understand.

- Goma’s cultural scene struggles amid ongoing conflict: Kind: captions Language: en In GMA, a city in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, the impact of ongoing conflict is being felt far beyond the battlefield. Cultural institutions are now on the brink of collapse. The GMA Cultural Center, a vital hub for music, art, and youth education, has been virtually shut down since the M23 rebel group took control in January. We are afraid of seeing culture disappear if the situation doesn't improve. Firstly, there's no money to make things work. There's fear. Before in GMA, every night in every bar, there was a concert. Today, there's none of that. The GMA Cultural Center, which used to host concerts, music courses, and performances for artists like these, is now a shadow of its former self. We earn our living from these performances. There are many artists who only earn a living because they are on stage. And unfortunately the stomach can't go on a break. You have to eat. You have to live. For many artists like Jenny Paria, the struggle is personal. Known for his fusion of rap, he depends on live performances to support himself. Culture is part of us. Because art is also a therapy. People need it. They need to listen to good music. They need to see their artists on stage. I still think that culture also at one point even contributes to the solution in the quest for peace. On the streets of GMA, where some aspects of daily life seem to continue normally, some locals here are still missing the art scene. It's such a shame to see the situation persist. We can no longer find a way to attend performances by artists before we could go to the cultural center and listen to music and it helped us de-stress. Music once offered a sense of relief helping people cope with the stress of everyday life in a conflict zone. As the city waits for peace to return, the future of its cultural landscape remains uncertain.

- Cultural festival brings some peace to DRC: Kind: captions Language: en african rhythms and an electric atmosphere gripped the town of bukavu as more than 450 artists converged from east africa and the great lakes region to celebrate the country's rich culture traditional drums and lingala tunes could be heard through the streets this festival promotes culture culture is the soul of a country of a people of a community because it can transcend all it will encourage debates and go beyond borders because we will all go back and tell others how this was and that it was aimed in the spirit of national regional and international reconciliation the jubilant crowns were happy to be part of the festival saying apart from spreading peace they've also learned a lot from other cultures we are all capable of being messengers and that's the best way to promote peace is to accept people as they are for example i discovered different cultures that i didn't know the festival has come a long way since it started in the 1920s and over the last few years has been used to promote national reconciliation and peace the eastern drc has been the epicenter of various conflicts and insecurity but president joseph kabila scored a major victory last year when his u.n backed forces defeated the rebels you deserve to know more enca.com

- DR Congo: Climate activists in Goma join global protests against use of fossil fuels: Kind: captions Language: en the climate activist marched in Goma the Democratic Republic of Congo on Friday in protest of the government's plans to exploit its 30 oil and gas blocks in the country the environment must be preserved in all its forms is the danger for the population we have the example of Luanda the example of Nigeria where the people are impoverished because of the exploitation of oil to the detriment of multinationals that's why today the population of North shows its discontent against oil control the Congolese government caused an opera among environmentalists last year by putting 30 oil and gas blocks up for auction including 13 blocks Creeks Crossing through protected areas and national parks most of the world's ecosystems subsist on what we have in the DRC and if the DRC proceeds with the sale of 30 oil blocks it will not only destroy the Congolese ecosystem but also the global ecosystem before the planned protests the United Nations warns that countries are way off track to curb warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius since pre-industrial times as agreed in Paris in 2015. to all the people who have got it in New York to talk about the ecological future tell them that in Congo we have launched a sale of oil blocks but today humanity is fighting fossil fuel Industries the Congo Basin Forest absorbs 1.5 billion tons of carbon dioxide some of which would be released into the atmosphere if the areas are cleared for oil and gas drilling

  Top Comments:
  1. @allthings144: How much were these clowns paid?
  2. @jillexpress3246: As a matter of curiosity what will happen if 5 million citizens of a neighbouring country signs an agreement with the Burkina Faso, Mali... for back up when they match to the president’s to demand him to step down. After the citizens take control then another six million from country B will join with country A. So 5 +6 =11 million. That 11 million determined citizens will join country C to seize power from these greedy presidents to free the continent. I think the local soldiers are too scared to initiate a revolution, otherwise they'll face punishment. If AU was working for the vulnerable citizens it could be in solidarity with the sufferings of the masses. Without the borders the revolution wave can quickly spread to bring to an end to these greedy presidents and their foolish dynasties. Born poor die poor predicament must be terminated, how can the few turn themselves to a ruling class to benefit only themselves from the African resources decades & decades😫😫🤔😥🙄. One way or the other this must stop!!!! WHO WILL ARM THE AFRICAN CITIZENS FOR A REVOLUTION OF the Century. Please people if you find a solution & you're entrusted with freedom arms don't be barbaric & turn the weapons against yourselves be disciplined and fight for a common cause !! 🙄🙄😥😫😩 HOW I WISH AFRICA WAS ONE 🙏🤛🤛


Sent from Outlook for Android



Sent from Outlook for Android
  3. @jasondizconaut: Any protests against Japan's radiated water being released into the sea ?
  4. @andrewsimms70: On average there are 50 active volcanoes spilling billions of tons of ash and gases into the atmosphere this has been going on for hundreds of years, it is not fossil fuel causing climate change, it's geoengineering, and the American HARRP weather modification array, they are using has a weather weapon to convince us all of the climate change, the climate change is actual a code word meaning the change of a particular situation, fossil fuel was all ok when Europe and the west wanted to build their economies, now Africa is rising their want to impede their progress, and they know how enlist black people to do the job for them it will not look like western interference. all this buzz about Climate change, over population, and green energy, where are they coming from, the west to sabotage the third world rise, and always aimed at Africa, and they get Africans to partake in their own demise,  the weather modification is just the convincer, to bring on their real agenda, Global depopulation, and black |africans are their target because they are the only ones producing enough children to replace themselves at 7-1, has all other nations are on the thew decline. There is no such thing has global warming, it's weather warfare and depopulation of Africa

- How Intellectuals Poison Society | Rousseau's First Discourse Explained: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] why in the world when you want to marry an actor they deceive people for a living science undermines the best parts of society art enhances the worst Parts The Immigrant is dangerous because he introduces foreign ideas values and Customs The Immigrant is dangerous because he sets up an example of abandoning the community Socrates didn't write a book confucious Jesus Buddha the great founders of the great intellectual Traditions didn't write books they cared about living the good life and didn't just write books about it science and philosophy are things good in themselves just not in the hands of what Russo derogatorily calls the people if you clicked on a 2hour long philosophy lecture by your own choice I'm afraid Russo's got some bad news for you the very intellectual Pursuits that you Delight in philosophy science art are the very things preventing you from a good life that seems crazy okay how can science and art be bad things and how can rouso one of the greatest minds of the Enlightenment attack Enlightenment while producing some of the most influential works of the Enlightenment these are the questions we're going to answer in this lecture on the first discourse this book is going to turn all your intuitions upside down and with any luck it will be your last the discourse on the Arts and Sciences the first discourse has a thesis that is as simple as it is shocking I quote to you Russo our souls have become corrupted in proportion as our sciences and our Arts have advanced the first discourse is a philosophical attack on philosophy it's a scientific reputation on science and it's an artistic takedown of Art and it's precisely because how highly we value all three that we must engage with it rarely is there a culture like ours that so worship erudition learning curiosity with so little reservation far are we from the lesson from edus that knowing more could be dangerous far away from Constantinople destroying his printing press and far away from the Calif Omar who burned the Library of Alexandria Russo is going to show that this anti-intellectuals attitude and actions are a lot wiser than you think because why when Science and Technology are full fulfilling all of its promises alleviation from poverty curing of disease intelligent machines are more and more people dissatisfied with maternity why when the arts and culture has never been given more free reign do we ourselves feel more constricted lonely and alienated why in the midst of our luxury and our idleness have we never felt more busy Russo's answer is that the very Arts and Sciences that we mistook to be the culmination of our civilization is actually not only the cause of our current ills but leading us to collapse this is not some speculative prophecy but so reminds us it's the shape of concrete history Egypt once produced great Kings and Pharaohs they became the birthplace of philosophy and arts in the west and for 2,000 years they only known they've only known foreign rulers Greece were once peopled by Heroes like Achilles and Theus vanquished Asia twice once with Troy another time Persia early 5th Century BC then the Athenian Golden Age happened Sophocles Plato Aristotle and by the 4th Century it fell to the Macedonian yoke Rome began with a rustic Republican virtue and became mortally corrupted by the very enlightened Greeks that they conquered enslaved and imported I quote youo ever since the Learned have begun to appear Among Us so Rome's own philosophers themselves said good men have been in Eclipse until then the Romans had been content to practice virtue all was lost when they began to study it everywhere Russo looks he finds the same story enlightenment finds an ignorant but virtuous people it gives them talents but it takes away their virtue and it leaves them conquered corrupt and ignorant once more Enlightenment in the West Begins in Egypt it goes to Greece then to Rome Enlightenment abandons Europe leaving it to the Dark Ages it brues it stews in Constantinople and by the time of rouso makes a return to Europe This is the slithering path PA of Enlightenment that has left destruction in its wake and understanding its nature will be the goal of our lecture part one why rouso thinks that Arts and Sciences corrupt part two what Russo's solution is to this corruption in part three what does this mean for the technological societies of the 21st century let's begin with part one the choice that Russo puts in front of us is the choice between ignorant virtue or enlightened Vice and there's no better example of this difference than between Sparta and Athens the Athenians for Uso are slick talking tricksters the Spartans are the exact opposite they're known for their tness but also their virtue the Athenian education system is grounded on rhetoric if you want to get elected in democracy you got to know how to flatter people the Spartan education is the agog it r RPS young boys from the private family subjects them to the harshest military training known to man and cultivates a form of discipline an Iron Will and a willingness to sacrifice themselves for the state the Athenians they left us with beautiful art architecture philosophy tragedies what did the Spartans leave us with almost nothing except for a few heroic models exemplars of virtue like Leonidas to imitate but when it comes to educating a citizenry one heroic Exemplar is worth more than all the ethics textbooks in the world combined and as a result despite Athens drastic material advantages Sparta ultimately triumphed in the pelian war so why is there this tension between Athens and Sparta why do the Arts and Sciences corrupt the answer is because artists scientists intellectuals are people and as people they are both self-interested and prideful so in this next section we're going to do a first pass in exploring the relationship of self-interest Pride and how it co-ops Enlightenment for its own ends the relationship between self-interest um and Enlightenment is quite easy to understand even if it's a bit unintuitive now we commonly think that following our animal sentiments our feelings our emotions is is what leads us to be immoral to be selfish and reason is what teaches us morality makes us better but Russo flips it on his head Russo says we naturally have a Wellspring of pity and compassion for others it might not be as strong as our self-interest but it's actually reason that comes in and prevents us from helping so when you go out there and you see let's say a homeless person on the street whato thinks is going on internally is that you have a natural Wellspring of pity that you want to help the homeless person but then reason comes in and says he might be dangerous or he deserves it he should have worked harder himself or the utilitarian if I go to the office five minutes sooner I'm going to make $30 more do and help help more Beggars for rouso more often than not the development of the intellect teaches us to better justify defend and advocate for our own self-interests and the interest of our faction whether it's politicians justifying atrocities whether it's lawyers paid as Hired Guns whether it's artists pandering to patrons so that's self-interest and that's quite easy to understand what's a bit more subtle is the mechanisms of Pride as a first passed pride is the desire to be esteemed the desire to be recognized as better than others so unlike in self-interest where you're trying to get a concrete good money food sex what Pride wants is recognition and as a result a lot of prideful activities can come off as actually altruistic when you post on social media in support of some political cause that you don't really care about it seems like you're helping it seems like you're being altruistic but what you're really after is winning the recognition of being morally Superior when YouPlay your name on a building after donating money to your alma mater it appears you're out $20 million but you've been paid in a currency that's even more valuable and here's something closer to Enlightenment why do intellectuals write books well it's because we want to live a good life and we want to spread our ideas you don't need to write a book to do that Socrates didn't write a book confucious Jesus Buddha the great founders of the great intellectual Traditions didn't write books they were true philosophers they were wise men and they cared about living the good life which is why they lived out their ideas like the Spartans and didn't just write books about them like the Athenians and that act being a moral Exemplar spread their ideas further than writing a book ever could this is how rouso comments on his own contemporaries bookwriting behavior when their book was done and published its content no longer interested them in any way unless it were to make others adopt it and to defend it in case it were attacked they drew nothing from it for living their lives and were not even concerned whether this content was false or true provided it was not refuted what appears to be again an altruistic action a desire to increase the frontiers of human knowledge is often primarily a vessel for Pride as this example goes to show the pride of the intellectual is going to be a lot more subtle which is probably why the corruption from Arts and Sciences have flown under the radar when the athlete hoists his championship trophy up in the air when the capitalist spays his name on a building when a General accept surrender that's obvious but intellectual Pride its mechanisms are lot less obvious but not for that reason any less intense rouso thinks that what intellectual life consists in is examining is studying man and as a result the intellectual sees through a lot of the lies a lot of the pretty narratives we tell ourselves for example like how many altruistic actions are actually motivated by pride and what this does for the intellectual is that it gives him a contempt for Humanity and further Elevate himself he feels prideful because of his special knowledge I think there's another reason we can add to Russo about why uh intellectual Pride may seem a lot more intense than first meets the eye because of the incredible lag in intellectual recognition if you're not in the NBA by the time you're 25 if you're not a billionaire by the time you're your 70 you're just not going to be a great athlete or a great capitalist but nche could have lived his s intellectual life in obscurity and still held on to the belief that future University departments will be set up to study his works and N would be right because of that incredible lag in intellectual recognition it gives the intellectual a lot more room a lot more imagination for their pride to grow now pride is obviously prone to many abuses and I think if you're not careful you're going to end up like that uh Fight Club quote buying things you don't need with money you don't have to impress people you don't like but Pride isn't something you can just easily renounce because of how strong and how Central it is in the human motivational repertoire foro I mean to this day I agree with Russo I've not met a single person who's not primarily motivated by pride in some form there was one guy in in college who went around telling that he didn't care what other people thought of him of course what he was actually saying is please think of me as somebody who does not care what you think of me so the question for Russo is not going to be how do we stop caring what other people think but what type of recognition to Delight in and so is very explicit he wants to be honored but only by a small handful of wise men and not what he derogatorily calls the people he wants his name to last hundreds of years and not just Chase Fashions and trends of the day now even if there are ways to direct Pride to shape it in a healthy manner rouso thinks that there are many more ways of abuse and the Heart of Russo's critique of Enlightenment is about all the ways that Pride goes wrong in intellectual life so we've narrowed down the primary path of corruption the first discourse is a meditation on how pride and intellect corrupt each other but to be a bit more precise we need to split intellect into two I quote youo The Sciences are the Masterpiece of reason the spirit of imitation has produced the Fine Arts we will first examine how Pride interacts with reason in his critique of Science and then we're going to examine how Pride interacts with imitation his critique of art so when we to science sometimes he means the Natural Sciences biology chemistry physics but more often than not he he means philosophy and what he's critiquing in both instances is reason the combination of reason and pride leads to the disease of contrarianism I quote to you Russo the first philosophers earned great Renown by teaching men to perform their duties and the principles of virtue but before long these precepts had become commonplace and in order to achieve distinction men had to strike out in opposite directions such is the origin of the Absurd systems of many philosophers the likely failure mode for philosophy is when when Pride co-ops reason and takes it into difference for difference sake so here's an example of that I went to a political conference a few weeks ago and it just reaffirmed things that most people already agree with Justice equality Freedom most people loved it my intellectual friends hated it they thought it was Vanilla they thought it was boring and they started pestering the Senators with hot takes for sport that's the issue with intellect that they don't treat ideas as things to live by as things to to guide a life but as primarily things to win distinction through and the easiest way to win distinction is contrarianism is through shock so just as the fashionista looks down upon someone wearing last season Styles the prideful philosopher is going to look down upon people with the majority of you and just as fashion is governed by what's in and what's out we so think so does intellectual life and just as high fashion creates incredibly ugly pieces of clothing for shock rouso thinks that many philosophers double down on completely outrageous opinions for the simple purpose of distinguishing themselves but the issue with contrarianism isn't just that it's annoying or that it's stupid but it's an existential threat to the community and he draws out why it's a threat the vector of this threat from his uh reading of the history of Christianity so for Russo God's chosen people the Jews started off like the Spartans they were ignorant they were uncultured but they were virtuous and what corrupted this tradition for Russo was Jewish legalism that culminated in the Pharisees and the Sadducees legalism for Russo was prideful and destructive because it elevated following an intricate man-made system of laws above following the principles of God I mean this is what Jesus was critiquing in Luke when he he goes to the Pharisees and he says you guys have developed this intricate law of tithing okay so tithing is when you give on10th of your large agricultural produce you've guys have extended that law to garden herbs so you're counting mint leaves to make sure we're giving one tenth but then all of God's teachings that can't be narrowed into this legalistic framework like justice like compassion you guys just completely ignore so for rouso jesus' message is an anti-intellectual one designed precisely to combat this type of overgrowth of Reason in religious life quote to yuso Jesus Christ did not entrust his Doctrine and Ministry to Scholars there's not a single learned or scientific word to be found lest it be to indicate his contempt for everything of that kind after the death of Jesus Christ 12 poor fishermen and Artisans undertook to in instruct and convert the world their method was simple they preached artlessly but with utter conviction and of all the Miracles with which God honored their faith the most striking was the saintliness of their lives the Pharisees are like the Athenians they got a lot to say they have a huge system of law to tell you what to do Christ and his disciples are like the Spartans they don't have a lot to say and when they convince you it's not through flashy rhetoric it's through being moral exemplars so early Christianity Fuso just like early Judaism started off ignorant but virtuous but then reason reared its ugly head again with the introduction of Greek philosophy a COI rouso Scholars constantly wanted to prove themselves clever than their predecessors every Dogma became an occasion for hair splitting everyone wanted to uphold his opinion no one wanted to yield the ambition to be the leader of a sect arose heresies proliferated on all sides now pay attention here to why rouso said people started hair splitting it wasn't because making distinctions was important for living a good and virtuous Christian Life it was because of contrarianism that they wanted to defend uncommon positions to stand out so that's the the psychological origin of the heresies for so and that's how the early church got corrupted and if you take a history of philosophy class there's usually a Thousand-Year gap between Augustine and aquinus and we usually go dark ages no philosophy bad but rouso goes Dark Ages no philosophy great because even though Enlightenment leaving Europe did not uncorrupt the church once you're corrupted you're corrupted it at least gave the church some peace this piece was broken for rouso um by the Renaissance of the 14th century and something even more destructive the printing press in the 15th century the printing press allowed the Bible to be in the hands of not just the scholars but also the people Division contrarianism and heresy became democratized the Protestant Reformation soon followed in the 16th century and its Central principle of solo scriptura right through scripture alone instead of relying on worldly Authority or tradition became a recipe for division in the first 1500 years the church had one great schism the Catholics and the Orthodox how many denominations of protestantism are there in the first 500 years numerous as the Stars each with their theological hot take this is why when my Catholic friends make fun of my Protestant friends they call them book worshippers and eventually so thinks that starting a sect was no longer cool enough it wasn't n contrarian enough that you had to become an atheist so even atheism is a contrarian impulse now the story of religion and reason for rouso is exactly the same as the story of civilization and reason which is that it reason causes Division and Chaos within a community because it leads this centri Fugal force of trying to distance oneself so whether that's Jewish legalism straying from God Greek philosophy in the early heresies or the printing press in the Protestant Reformation now the reason Russo thinks this centrifugal force of contrarianism is so dangerous is because what makes a community a community is shared identity it's shared values it's common beliefs it's the fact that we worship the same God it's the fact that we speak the same language that we have the same Heroes this foundational similarity is what is going to enable you to identify with your fellow citizens to see your fellow citizens as in some strong sense me in a diverse Society like our own rouso thinks at best we are Elementary particles joined together by a thin wire of self-interest or legal Force I only help you in so far as it's going to profit me or I'm bled to by the law philosophy and science then are going to be lethal to this social fabric but not just because of contrarianism even rational inquiry itself even philosophical inquiry is deeply damaging to the set of shared identities why well it's because there are a lot of false beliefs that also formed our shared identity so in other words Russo is going to distinguish the usefulness of a belief from its truthfulness there are a lot of false beliefs that also form a shared common identity I think everyone will agree here that the Egyptian gods never existed but I think we can also all agree that it would have been terrible if at the height of Egyptian civilization half of them turned atheists in Russo's case he he's going to point out a story with Cicero and Caesar so cisero berates Caesar for publicly denouncing the immortality of the Soul because Cicero thinks it's an important axom of moral and political life but ciso expresses the same opinion but just in private and R so Praises cisero he doesn't think this is hypocritical because Cicero did it to protect the state not for his own sake so the lesson here is that there are many wrong beliefs that are nonetheless helpful for a community that would be threatened by this type of rational inquiry but most of our shared identities are not like that they're not just straight up wrong like the Egyptian gods and we can give good reasons for them but even these things it's very dangerous to subject them it's rational inquiry why is that just because you can give reasons for something does not mean it is grounded on reason so why marriage why have children well there are many reasons we can give both for and against that but that doesn't mean it's grounded in a sort of deductive QED rational certainty furthermore a lot of our shared identities are just completely arbitrary like the color of the flag so when you start opening these things up to rational inquiry like why white red and blue why should we have children why should we get married you're going to open yourself up to many vectors of valid attack and we so thinks that in the realm of ideas attack is going to always be easier than defense now there are a small set of beliefs in political life that rouso thinks you can get to this kind of rational deductive QED certainty right principles of political right so an example would be the government should serve the interests of the people the will of the people or the will of the entire State and not just of the government but even these things it's dangerous to to subject to rational inquiry because just because something can be fully grounded on reason doesn't mean people will be successful in doing so the assumption that you should have going in and the assumption that Russo has going in is that most people suck at reasoning so if you open this thing up you're going to get contrarian philosophers who are trying to to Pedal some weird Theory you're going to get opportunists who say things that are seemingly plausible like well but the government should serve its own needs first because that's how you're going to get the best people in government and suddenly you've opened up a monstrous debate in your community I think there's an even stronger point to be made here which is that merely begging the question merely asking the question why get married why have children already shows that that custom has lost its Force because we don't beg the question for things that are completely obvious we don't ask why do we walk on our feet and not our hands and who still thinks that in the ideal State we're talking about the good State the ideal State here its laws its customs should all have that obvious nature okay so those are all things we got to do to protect good morals good uh beliefs good Customs even if they're not true what about bad morals I quote to you Russo the slightest change in C even if it is in some respects for the better invariably proves destructive to morals for the people ceases to respect them in a good State it's dangerous even to challenge Customs that are bad because it calls the entire set into question for beliefs customs and morals to have their maximum Force they need to seem obvious they need to seem Eternal they need to seem objective this is why Russo's ideal states are all small and Incredibly homogeneous republics I quote to you Russo if I were the leader of Niger I would have a Gallows erected at the country's border where I would hang without appeal the first European who dared to enter it and the first citizen who ventured to leave it the Immigrant is dangerous because he introduces foreign ideas values and Customs that at the very least makes his question our own the Immigrant is dangerous because he sets up an example of aband in the community now I got to be clear so we don't go overboard here this doesn't mean no change no debate no free speech in fact there are going to be some spheres where it's not just healthy but necessary to have debate what Russo is saying that when it comes to these fundamental shared identities there is a massive cost to begging the question to opening them up to rational inquiry so let me give you a modern example that's going to tie all this together the American Declaration of Independence we hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights the existence of this lectern is self-evident Kito ero that's self-evident at least for dayart are these rights self-evident and if they were why would we need to hold them to be they they just would be but here's the even stronger Point many many Americans aren't even Christian anymore and fewer still abide by this type of natural right thinking that leads to this type of language I would be willing to bet anything that less than 1% of Americans have rationally grounded this belief in unalienable rights through reason but I think we can all agree that it's a great thing that all Americans believe in it and it's an even better thing that there is no public debate about whether they exist for so I hope you can understand now why Russo thought that the enlightenment rationalists of his day the people who were subject everything to rational inquiry were people who were truly dogmatic intolerant and sectarian they're dogmatic because they want to ground everything on reason but not everything can be grounded on reason they're intolerant because most things can be successfully attacked by reason at least in the Public's eye and they're sectarian because they're selective of what they attack attack things they don't like to advance their own interests okay so that's why not just contrarianism but even rational inquiry even philosophizing itself is dangerous to the community we're now going to move on and explore a slightly different issue with science which is that it's useless and that it legitimizes an idol life I quote Russo answer me then illustrious philosophers you to whom we owe it to know in what ratios bodies attract one another in a vacuum which curves have conjugate points which have inflection points and which cusps how man sees everything in God how there is correspondence without communication between soul and body what stars may be inhabited what insects reproduced in an uncommon way if you had never taught us any of these things would we have been any the less numerous for it any the less well-governed the less formidable the less flourishing or the more perverse I think in Russo's day the right answer was no science was pretty darn useless that has changed that has completely changed since Russo's time and we're going to spend the third part of this lecture just unpacking what technology means for the arguments in the first discourse but even today I think Russo's arguments can help us see that there is so much useless intellectual activity I mean go look at the the list of majors in a college catalog and you tell me how many of them you think are useful here's a hint if a discipline feels compelled to append science or studies to its name it's probably overcompensating for a deficiency in both and what you learn in those fields is what the best Scholars are producing Russo wants to ask what is everyone else producing and so even today there's a lot of wasted resources a lot of Naval gazing and I think that uh caricature of the French intellectual is still all too common we we mon but does this work in theory now the other point in Russo's critique of science's idleness that is still relevant today is that intellectuals even if what they do is useful they don't do it because they because it's useful they do it because it's fun because they enjoy it because they have great pleasure in doing it and so rouso wants you to start seeing intellectual activity not like a public service but as a private Indulgence so when my friends want to go to grad school it's mostly because they want to read books it's not because they want to save the world I'm doing this lecture series for great reason because I just gained great pleasure from reading these books very carefully I mean my friends who had The Misfortune of Being my roommates observed that I may the exact same noises when I read something interesting as when I eat something tasty I go and that I think is what Russo wants you to see intellectuals as as closer to the Glutton than Mother Teresa and in the same way a society does not Elevate the gluttonous life Russo is wary about elevating the intellectual life because that would be elevating and justifying a life of idleness a life of satisfying private pleasures and not contributing to the community Community okay so those are his critiques um of science reason and philosophy contrarianism rational incy destroying the social Fabric and idleness now let me be clear here so we don't go overboard reason is going to be necessary for the cultivation of virtue okay so the Spartan citizen is going to have to reason that doesn't mean subject everything to rational inquiry that also doesn't mean that kids have to be trained through science and philosophy there's a lot of ways to train one's reason board games uh language itself trains you in the ways of reason I also want to be clear that rouso thinks science and philosophy are things good in themselves in the hands of the right people a small small group of elite wise men people like Socrates R so thinks that the results are both beautiful and spectacular but the issue is most of us are not Socrates that's why you can't build a society grounded on reason here's the calculus all of us if we're in the state of nature can be naturally good why because human nature for Uso is good all of us can live in Sparta and have the potential have the capacity to be a virtuous citizen because our our ability to imitate Heroes is very strong but Enlightenment Society there will only be a few if there are any at all Socrates most of the people are going to fall prey to contrarianism they're going to fall prey to partial truths they're going to fall prey to paralyzing skepticism and if I still haven't hammered home just how impotent The Faculty of reason is I will just remind you that what makes these wise men Socrates what makes the wise men wise their constitutive quality is that they recognize the limitations of their reason that they recognize their own ignorance iot Russo only in a very few Men of Genius does insight into their own ignorance grow as they learn and they are the only ones for whom study may be good almost as soon as small minds have learned something they believe they know everything and there's no sort of foolishness which this conviction will not make them say or do and so the real Target of Russo's critique of Enlightenment is popular Enlightenment it's spreading knowledge too far which is interesting because we tend to think of Russo as an egalitarian thinker right as a democratic egalitarian thinker but I'll remind you that Russo's arguments against popular Enlightenment does proceed through the galarian democratic tradition rouso isn't n in his untimely meditations attacking Enlightenment because he wants to create a culture for the elite right to produce these higher men who so attacks popular Enlightenment precisely because it's incompatible with the Common Man Russo also isn't Plato who attacked the intellectuals of his day who try to use a system of noble lies to build an aristocracy Russo's concern with popular Enlightenment is that the rationalization of society is precisely what destroys the possibility of democratic will formation Democratic will formation can only happen in genuine communities where you identify with the other person where you have shared identities identities which which science and rational inquiry threatens and so his critique of science is precisely that it's incompatible with Democratic will formation but that's just wrong right what about modern democracies that also push science I think rouso would say we're not truly Democratic and you can see that by the metaphor by the way we conceive of how democracy works we think about it as negotiation I come to the table ready to argue for my side what I want you come to the table with your side and then we compromise we meet in the middle for Russo true Democratic will formation is about each citizen arguing for what he or she thinks is best for the entire community so the process is not one of tug ofwar it's not one of negotiation but it's one of information different citizens will have different Vantage points and different ideas about what is good again for the whole Community but to be able to argue for the whole Community you need to identify with the whole community and that identification is precisely what rational inquiry threatens this is why I think Russo's critique of Enlightenment is so valuable for us because he's speaking to us and he shows us how science threatens the democratic values and institutions that matter to us and I think this also um helps us understand why he's so critical of things like the printing press because if it lowers the barrier to be an intellectual it pushes Enlightenment on people who can't handle it and it immortalizes bad authors rouso popular media is bad media think about the average book before the printing press think about the average book after the printing press think about your average self-published book think about your average YouTube video and think about your average tweet the more democratized a medium is the worse it's going to get in summary then science and just not in the hands of what so derogatorily calls the people in the hands of the people reason combines with pride to create contrarianism that rips the social fabric of the community apart reason combines with self-interest to create factions that rips the material fabric of the community but the real danger of science is its second order effects on society when you apply the mode of rational inquiry to examine the shared identities of a of a state such examination turns people into Elementary particles that are held together by only self-interest and the threat of force a rational Society is simply not a society so that's Russo's critique of science we're now going to move on to his uh critique of art if the threat of science is that it pushes people apart the issue with art is that it's going to bring people together but in all the wrong ways if science alienates us then art is going to overs socialize us and it does so because the essence of art is imitation the question is imitation of what now the classical view saw art is imitating nature closer the imitation better the art and so a hierarchy form uh painting you can basically get uh photorealistic copy of the original thing sculpture a bit more limited on what you can imitate poetry you can imitate with words music you can barely imitate anything rouso is going to flip that hierarchy on its head by suggesting that art is not the imitation of nature but the imitation of feeling and suddenly music is at the top musico things can directly incite feeling you can't listen to Beethoven's Fifth without feeling energized in a certain way think about certain songs and tunes that are just is able to get you into a certain mood poetry can also incite feeling it's a little bit worse than music but it can do that sculpture is static it's very hard painting it's even harder still so Russo's theory of art was quite influential and not only did it flip this hierarchy of of art it is also who we partially have to uh thank or perhaps to blame for Modern Art and it's turn away from realism to expressivism right it's turn away from the external world to the internal world so art is the imitation of feeling what's wrong with that well that means that art is impotent at doing or it rarely does what artists claim it can do which is moral Improvement remember it's rare for philosophy to morally improve people because it takes people to far astray art has the opposite issue art does not take people far enough because art is the imitation of feeling you need to imitate feelings that are already there in the culture if you want to get any resonance so take music and his ability to sort of inite feeling that we just discussed rouso thinks that that's deeply culturally dependent so a childhood tune that you groww up listening to that can bring you tears of nostalgia every time it plays could be completely meaningless for someone on the other side of the world or take this lecture for example I'm able to lead you through reason I I hope pretty far from your original starting assumptions right that science and art are just unilaterally good and that's also why regon is very dangerous because it can lead you astray but if instead of this lecture I just showed you a short film of the Calif Omar burning the Library of Alexandria as the good guy you're just going to be confused and R so had a similar problem here when he was writing um a novel about the death of lucrecia so lucrecia was a noble woman um she was raped she committed suicide and it started the Rebellion that culminated in the founding of the Roman Republic and Midway through writing this novel um you were so realized that no one was going to be able to relate to this example at all so he changed it and the novel eventually became Julie okay so Julie is about a modern woman she also loses her virginity but it's not through rape but seduction she's not strong willed but she has a beautiful soul and because Julie was relatable it was a huge success now Julie is also an important example here because Julie did successfully change our moral habits um rouso is again who we have to partially thank or blame for introducing love rather than familial con connection as the basis of marriage so it is possible uh to change morals with art but only through these small nudging mov movements when the lesson you have to teach is too far from um the audience's existing morals it's you're just going to land on deaf years and I think the best example of this is the modern invention of Monopoly so the real and forgotten inventor of Monopoly the board game was an anti- monopolis activist called Elizabeth Maggie and she in in her original game there were two sets of rules one set was an anti- capitalist set where Victory the goal of the game was communal it was a communal Victory and the other set is the set that we know in love today where you fleece people alive for profit and she made the game to be a pedagogical tool to show that the anti- capitalist system is a lot better than the capless one the game did not pick up except for in a group of left-wing intellectuals that already agreed with the principles that she was trying to teach and this guy Richard jro comes along he bootlegs the game he cuts out the anti- capital side he calls it Monopoly it spreads like wildfire and the game ends up making billions of billions of dollars and the irony is mie's game gets monopolized by darl's game and she gets paid only $500 and she dies in obscurity with no recognition for contributions this Russo reminds us is the fate of the artist who tries to paddle too hard against the current I quote to you rouso if by chance someone among the men of extraordinary talents were steadfast of soul and refus to yield to the currents of his Century he will die in poverty and Oblivion so even if you have pedagogy as your dominant aim you're probably still going to fail at teaching people lessons but most artists Russo thinks do not have pedagogy as their main aim what are artists after the same thing that the philosophers are after to gratify their pride and if the philosopher best satisfies his pride through hot takes and contrarianism then the artist best satisfies his pride by pleasing people by inciting the most cathartic and addictive feelings in his audience Russo thinks that more often than not artists are out to give their audience a space to simulate emotion without any of the responsibilities so he thinks that even tyrants weep in tragedy because there's no emotional cost to Art right it's just emotion without consequence when you watch a movie you can indulge in Pride without the corresponding achievement you can experience pity without Aid you can Revel in Anger without action so what pretends to be moral art more often than not are mostly masturbatory acts it's masturbatory for the Creator to get Prestige and applauded for voicing the majority opinion and it's masory for the audience so they feel morally SPL smug without having to do anything so take something like Avatar right whose Creator explicitly had an environmentalist aim we can go watch that movie and all say well those colonialist polluting bastards sure are evil we Pat ourselves in the back and we drive home in our gasoline guzzling cars and R so thinks that moral messages in art are impotent without the corresponding political structure and system around it because because the very structure of the modern theater is isolating you go to the theater the light dims you're teleport to another world the thing is about some fantasy land light years away in the case of apar the light comes back on and you're back to reality and it's this precise isolation between reality and art which is what is preventing art from having its maximum pedagogical Force so when we talk about Positive Solutions later on this is something that rouso is going to try to try to fix by making life itself artistic but the key thing here to already take away is that what determines the impact of art whether it's effective or it's impotent is not just on the art itself but it's the circumstances around which people ingest that art so the example that Russo gives is that he thinks novels have a greater force of changing their readers when people read it in the countryside and not in big cities because the social force of the big city is too viscous to be conducive to change okay so that's the beginning of the critique that art while it pretends to be moral is usually impotent it doesn't make us better but so is going to push that argument a lot further not only does art not make us better it usually makes us a lot worse because it's really hard to make art that is both edifying and popular moral lessons are boring and it's not just as simple as the good guy surviving and the bad guy dying I mean on one hand you can't make the villain seem too one-dimensional on the other hand you can't make them seem too cool and worthy of imitation on one hand you got a really desire to edify to teach your your audience a lesson but on the other hand you can't let that desire show forth I mean think about overtly political messages in movies and how that's an immediate turnoff so unless you're a great talent like rouso he thinks that you're going to have to choose between popularity and edification and because of Pride artists choose popularity they resort to cheap tricks to please the audience and they incite feelings not the feelings that will morally improve his audience but the feelings that will get them addicted to come back I mean just look at social media right they have Legions of the world's top psychologists trying to manipulate your feelings fear anger lust to try to uh to get you come back and use your platform or think about something like reality TV whatever the show ostensibly is about finding love buying houses that's just the excuse right that's just the backdrop for the real subject which is the drama itself it's pettiness it's Envy so the same rule then for philosophy um is true for art popular art is bad art to summarize the argument so far um art does not make you more moral and it often makes you a lot worse but the real danger of art as is the case with science is the second order effects that it brings to a society in in the case of art that's deception and I think I can tease this out with an anecdote so I was just visiting LA and I had a friend there who had it as a goal of hers to marry an actor and I said why the world when you want to marry an actor they deceive people for a living she thought I was crazy so I felt somewhat emboldened to read that rouso agreed with me I quote Russo what is the talent of the actor it is the art of counterfeiting himself of appearing different than he is of becoming passionate In Cold Blood of saying what he does not think as naturally as if he really did what is the profession of the actor it is a trade in which he performs for money submits himself to the disgrace and the fronts that others buy the right to give him and puts his person publicly on sale I beg every sincere man to tell if he does not feel in the depths of his soul that there is something servile and base in this traffic of oneself now let me be clear here rouso isn't saying that all actors are bad people in fact he said that if you meet a good actor um you should give them extra praise for for them staying good despite being an actor Russo's first major worry is that actors are going to use their their skill set of deception outside the theater for example in the domain of marriage and so you can't really trust these people the second and greater concern is a community with actors among them will normalize the behavior of being one way and appearing another so what's going to happen rouso wants to ask when a culture's major Idols are actors and actresses what's going to happen to a citizenry when people care more about tabloid gossip than local politics what's going to happen to our children when they don't aspire to be honest professions but instead aspire to be influencers and actors that is the route Russo's worry and that is what has happened already in America the claim is and I think it's quite a plausible one that a community without actors would have a sort of rustic if I'll be it a bit brutish but simplicity in a community with actors normalizes deception and people pleasing right think about culture of Los Angeles it's shaped by Hollywood appearing rather than being that is the logic of acting but it's also the logic of art right it's about imitation and that principle Russo he is continued to elaborate on what the second order impacts are is going to introduce two more dangerous forces in society luxury and politeness so the relationship between luxury and art is quite similar to the relationship between idleness and science a society needs to have some Surplus wealth already in order to create art and art creates further status symbols for the wealth think about it like this if popular art is about getting us addicted is about teasing our bad emotions what about high art is that to edify us is that for the appreciation of beauty rouso would say it's to use the excuse of appreciation Beauty to show off your wealth I mean you can't just stack gold bars in in the living room of your Mansion but you can say here's my Picasso you can't buy out a banner in New York saying I'm I'm obscenely rich but if you pay enough money to the met they're going to carve your name on the side of the building so that connection between art and luxury is going to be very easy to see but there's a deeper relationship which is that art and luxury share the same form imitation what is the logic of art it's to appear other than what one is right the painting of the mountain is not the mountain what is the logic of luxury it's to appear more valuable than one is right Kanye's $300 t-shirts I hate to break it to you are not worth $300 foro the definition of luxury is an unnecessary good that has become necessary either through Prestige or habituation so luxury goods are by definition Goods that are more useless than they appear or valued to be so the concern for luxury is the same as the concern for idleness right that a society dedicated to it a society dedicated to useless things but not only do luxuries try to appear other than what it is it also helps its owners appear other than who they are an example that Russo gives here is of luxury clothes so Russo says there's nothing wrong with luxurious clothes but like science it's how most people relate with it the first issue that comes to mind is that most people use luxury clothes to hide some kind of deformity so you don't have a great physique and you're just paying money to cover it up on the other hand the good man Russo tells us is an athlete who Delights in fighting naked second of all rouso says we spend way too much of our time and money on fashion that the highlight of our year is the buying of a purse or a suit and such a person dedicates his entire life right to uselessness that's the concern so that's luxury but an artistic culture a culture where pleasing people is held in esteem also develops an even greater problem and that's polit is that's a a conformist culture that is afraid of offending people the conformism here isn't the good type of conformism Right Where You genuinely have a huge set of shared values it's a form of pretending to agree it's a surface level conformism I quote to you Russo a vile and deceiving uniformity prevails in our morals in all Minds seem to have been cast in the same mold constantly politeness demands propriety commands constantly one follows custom never one's own genius one no longer dares to appear what one is one will thus never really know with whom one is dealing in order to know one's friend one will therefore have to wait for great occasions that is to wait until it is too late I immedately thought of uh California when I read this quote you know when I was a kid I thought uh what a good person was I thought California because they're smiling all the time they're so happy and they use superlatives whenever they see you this is this is you're the best right this is the the best party I've ever been to and when I was a kid when I thought bad person I thought New Yorker right we're mean we brushed people off in the subway we're all so busy and competitive the whole time but of course as I got older it became obvious that most Californians were just as mean and competitive as the New Yorkers but they just smile when they do it now Russo's opponents who are going to try to defend this type of hypocritical polite culture often cite Lush fuko's famous Maxim right that hypocrisy is the homage that Vice pays to Virtue so the idea here is that a polite but hypocritical culture like California is better than a honest but mean culture like New York because at least you're forcing the hypocrite to admit what the good values are and maybe one day they'll they'll trans form this is so's response would a thief dressed up in the livery of the house in order to do his Mischief more easily ever be said to be paying homage to the Master of the House he robs no it is to add cowardice and impostor to all the other vices hypocrisy isn't the omage that Vice pays to Virtue it's just another Vice so you have your original set of vices and now you're also hypocritical but the problem deepens I continue quoting Russo hypocrisy is to shut oneself off forever from any possible return to Virtue there are lofty characters who bring even to Crime something proud and generous which reveals that they still have left in them some spark of that Celestial fire made to animate beautiful souls but the vile and growling soul of the hypocrite is like a corpse Without fire or warmth or vit ality left great villains have been known to return into themselves end their life wholesomely and die saved but no one has ever known a hypocrite becoming a good man this is the real issue with hypocrisy that hypocrisy prevents the hypocritical from being reformed and the reason is that what hypocrisy is what art is seeming rather than being splits your soul into two and if you live constantly this Two-Face way you're going to end up forgetting who even you yourself are and you're not going to have the strength that comes from a unified Soul so to continue to California example um last time I went to San Francisco I drove into the City and within literally an hour of driving into the city my car got broken into okay I mean whenever I travel I I do pride myself in living like a local um in San Francisco's case in the first half of 2023 it had 11,000 11,000 crimes of car Breakin there were 45 convictions in total why well because dealing with crime is not nice it's not very pleasing to criminals when you arrest them so when you have officials who have been brought up in a culture to please they aren't going to even have the strength of soul to to to maintain the bare minimum of the law so again politeness manners the themselves are not the issue it's the oversocialization of certain communities that saps the strength of its citizen Souls that pushes problems aside for peace ability until it's too late that's the issue so in summary then art is just as existentially threatening to the good Community as science but the direction of the thread comes from the exact opposite direction science undermines the best parts of society art enhances the worst Parts science breaks the bounds of society whereas art pulls us together but in all the wrong ways it introduces hypocrisy and luxury two Paths of overs socialization and it pretends to make people moral while often making people much worse now for rouso science and art clearly are not not the only cause of corruption in fact they're not even the first cause luxury idleness they had to have existed prior for even Art and Science to take place but Art and Science are so intertwined with all the other evils of civilization that is what leads weo to conclude that our souls have been corrupted in proportion to their Advance this Corruption of the Soul um can be summarized as a good inequality giving way to a bad inequality a hierarchy of virtue giving way to a hierarchy of talent I quote to you Russo we have physicists geometricians chemists astronomers poets musicians painters we no longer have citizens this is why Enlightenment causes corruption this is why Enlightenment causes collapse and why enlightened is not just the best friend of the foreign conqueror but also the domestic Tyrant quote youo one more time the Sciences letters and arts less despotic than the threat of physical force and perhaps more powerful spread garlands of flowers over the iron chains with which they are Laden throttle in the people the sentiment of that original freedom for which they seemed born make them love their slavery and fashion them to what is called civilized peoples so that's part one and we have our full answer to the question how could rouso critique Enlightenment but an even more interesting and perplexing question raises itself how could rouso critique Enlightenment because who was John jaac rouso he was in Marcus aurelus writing a personal diary as meditations not intending it to be published he wasn't Socrates who didn't bother writing anything at all he was in diynes who told Alexander to get out of his son rouso wrote philosophical tunes that influence people people like n like robes Pierre like Kant his uh novel Julie was one of the most important novels of the 18th century he put on plays in the very theater that he attacked and he himself contributed to the democratization of knowledge by participating and helping uh Doro with his encyclopedia even more damning rouso is clearly driven by The Pride that he criticizes as a Young Man he made a fake aristocratic name for himself so that people would take him more seriously he created a system of musical notation hoping it would make him famous and he published the first discourse it was a public essay contest held by a prestigious Academy which he won first prizing that propelled him to intellectual celebrity but the problem is even worse for Russo because it's not like the first discourse was the end of his literary output you know he was a changed man I've realized philosophy and art is bad I stopped doing my stuff the first discourse was the beginning of his literary output and he himself says that the first discourse is the origin of his philosophical system that it contains the key intuitions that would be the the backbone of his Major Works later on his critique of contemporary education morphed into a meal his meditations on Democratic will formation became the social contract and his attack on inequality as well as civilization became the famous second discourse so given all this I wouldn't fault you for reacting to the first discourse in the exact same way that almost all of Russo's contemporaries reacted to it I voler you have cried out against the sciences and cultivated The Sciences you've treated authors and philosophers as charlatans and to prove this by means of an example you have been an author you've written against the theater with the devotion of a capin monk and you have composed opposed bad plays is rouso not the very contrarian philosopher who's attacking the popular moral of erudition for fame for notoriety is he not the very hypocritical artist who says he dislikes Enlightenment and then becomes en enlightenment's greatest Exemplar I think Russo is both of those things and he admits it but he's not just those things there is a way to largely make consistent Russo's own literary output with his critique of Enlightenment which hinges on one Central Insight what is to be done in the good state is not what is to be done in the bad state that has already been corrupted by Enlightenment so take his critique of theaters and actors that was specifically addressed to Geneva Geneva did not have a public theater at the time Geneva relatively was like Sparta okay it was much more rustic it was much more simple and that's why a theater would be bad for them where rouso put on plays Russo's Paris he conceived that to have already been so thoroughly corrupted that another play Not only would not hurt but it would also help in the following way theater can be a distraction so that people don't go and do worse things Rous says if he puts on a popular play and he gets people everyone in the city to watch it for 2 hours he's going to reduce crime in Paris byth I quote to you rouso let's seek to make a wise diversion and try to deceive their passions let's offer some food to these Tigers so they do not devour our children what this made me think of I'm a big NBA fan was when I was watching a lot of interviews with these NBA players about why they played so much basketball growing up and a common thing I heard was you know my father always told me if I was on the court it meant I was out of trouble if the alternative to basketball is crime go play basketball okay go play basketball all day every day but just because in that situation basketball is a good solution does not mean an education with just playing basketball is the right education just because the theater is good for Paris does not mean that the theater is good it means that Paris is bad okay so that's the theater and it's the same thing withies which is the equivalent of our research universities Russo also suggests thatmy can serve at least two positive roles in a corrupt Enlightenment Society the first one is to educate the Wicked the people are already corrupt you're probably not going to make them worse there's a small small chance you're going to make them better at least to do less crime the other one is thatmy can be a place to quarantine intellectuals so they don't spread their Enlightenment further so in Sparta don't set upm okay it's going to lead to all the issues that we talked about in the political sphere but in a society where many people are already corrupted and where there are a lot of people who aspire to be intellectuals then set up academies to keep them away from the population so the the Ivory Tower serves two roles one is that it flatters the pride of the intellectuals who are up there and they can look at the people and say you know we're so much better for the people it's a jail cell okay it's a way to keep the crazies at Bay and what is true for cies in the theater is also going to be true for the printing press it can also be co-opted right to combat its negative effects one of the major negative effects of the printing press is that it immortalized The Works of bad authors people like hobs or so things now the solution to that is that Russo publishes his own Works to the printing press those Works will also be immortalized so the antidote to the bad effects of the printing press will also be always with us I think the ronian lesson here is that if you care about changing lives impacting lives and not just producing disembodied ideas then you need to meet people where they are even if that place is corrupt so just because most of the content on social media is junk does not mean serious intellectuals shouldn't post on social media in fact it probably means they should post on there better stuff and more importantly to warn people of the junk I quote to you Russo if someone came to kill me and I had the Good Fortune to seize his weapon would I be forbidden to use it to drive him off before I threw it away as you can see here rouso solutions to Enlightenment are all going to be very very modest right despite praising Constantinople for destroying their printing press despite uh praising the Calif Omar for burning the Library of Alexandria Russo explicitly rejects both prescriptions and Russo Solutions are all about how to live with Enlightenment so despite being considered I think rightfully conceived the father of the French Revolution despite thinking A revolution is the only thing that's going to turn back the negative impacts of uh moral corruption through enlightenment rouso is explicitly against revolution in this domain I quote you rouso some great Revolution is almost as much to be feared as the evil it might cure it is blameworthy to desire and impossible to foresee now why is desire such a revolution blameworthy there's at least uh four reasons I can think of the first one is that there's a great cause to Revolution the second one is that Revolution can make things a lot worse the third reason is that even if Revolution makes States better the better state with new laws does not have the weight of tradition and history to its side remember what we talked about in shared identity and Customs these Customs need to have the weight of history and tradition rouso explicitly says in the second discourse he would not want to live in a state that had just been freed from tyranny because slaves have a very grotesque understanding of Freedom so it takes a long time for people to adapt to being freed now lastly I think there's a contingent reason for why um Revolution specifically in this domain is very difficult which is that unlike a tyrant which you can kill Enlightenment I mean it's very hard to put it back in a box when Enlightenment leaves a Society think back to the Dark Ages usually you don't return to ignorant virtue usually just you just go to ignorant Vice and I think a tragic example of an anti-intellectual Revolution here was Cambodia in the 70s so its leader PPT was born in Cambodia studied in France huge rouso fan he saw in cambodia's Farmers an Exemplar of Russo's noble savage and he had a 4-year Nationwide Purge of intellectuals he killed a quarter a quarter in four years of his country's entire population clergy um priests lawyers anyone who who's wearing glasses was is killed on site needless to say agian Paradise right Rian golden age did not emerge so given these two foundational beliefs that Enlightenment causes irreversible corruption and that the only way to reverse this would be a blameworthy revolution I think we can be a lot more sympathetic to why Russo fully participates in the enlightenment that he criticizes he participates in it in so far to push back its growth and to curb its excesses specifically I think rouso thinks that uh an intellectual in his shoes his time and his place could do four things the first one is Preservation right he people like Geneva from getting a theater the second one is distraction putting plays in Paris the third one is minor edification slightly improving people like with Julie and love rather than familial connection being the basis of marriage the last one is preparation rouso still held out hope however small that there would be a morally pure people in the future and he did right for that group and so that's what we're going to explore now which is the role of Art and philosophy in the good state in the ideal State now you might think that the issue with uh art philosophy science is that they're too prestigious right they're too powerful but the trick to aligning both of them actually is about giving them more power and more Prestige but in the right ways so Athenian theater compared to our movies is both more prestigious it's both culturally more powerful but also a step in the right direction it's a step in the right direction for one because publicly funded not privately funded it's done in a beautiful open air theater and not a cramped isolated dark space it's open to all the citizenry and not just closed off to ticket holders its prize is primarily public Prestige and recognition and not private money and because of this it does not become a luxury in the way that modern theater has and there's another key reason why a the theater is better than ours which is that it is by Greeks for Greeks about Greeks it's not about some alien superhero like Avatar light years away it's deeply connected with the society the orista right the famous tragedy for example is about the um origins of the Athenian judicial system but Athens as we know already corrupted it's still theater okay we can still do better we can still do better by making art even more powerful even more prestigious by making political life itself artistic I quote to you Russo in the Modern Age men no longer have a hold on one another except by force or by self-interest the Ancients by contrast acted much more by persuasion and by the affections of the Soul because they did not neglect the language of signs he's going to explain what he means it was in the God's presence that individuals made their treaties and alliances and uttered their promises he's talking about the institution of the oath the face of the Earth was the book in which their archives were preserved Stones trees heaps of rocks consecrated by these acts and thus made respectable to barbaric men were the pages of this book The Faith of men was much more assured by the guarantee of these mute Witnesses than it is today by all the vain rigor of the law he's talking about how this superstitious tradition of oath keeping is much more effective than what we have today with laws and contracts for rouso society is either governed by persuasion rhetoric poetry myth music or by coercion self-interest and the threat of physical Force it's never governed primarily it's not grounded on rationality for the reasons that we just explored which means as a ruler you either have to win people's heart or you have to chain their bodies what doesn't work is appealing to their minds so when we tell ourselves modern society when we tell ourselves we've moved from a persuasive right an artistic culture to a rational Society by destroying superstitions like making an oath in front of a tree stop what we're actually going is from a persuasive culture to a coercive culture when we give up superstitions like Oaths we don't just rationally stick to our word right and rationality is not that strong we need laws now we need the threat of State violence backing of the contract that's what makes us keep our word and this shift from persuasion to coercion also happens with political Authority as well I quote you R so the August display of a royal power used to impress the subjects marks of dignity a throne a scepter a purple robe a crown a diem were sacred things for them these respected signs made the man who was thus adorned venerable to them without soldiers without threats he was obeyed as soon as he spoke now that we make an affectation of abolishing these signs Kings no longer make themselves obeyed except by the dent of troops the respect of subjects comes only from the fear of punishment the modern state only knows how to speak in terms of rewards and punishments ancient States ancient communities spoken the language of signs they were artistic political life itself was artistic Russo points the example for example of Moses who enveloped Jewish law in music right Psalms Lally meant song He points the beautiful quranic chants of Islam and he points to how in ancient Greek they enveloped their entire traditions in song and epic the ancient Greek word for tune is the same as for law nomos these are all examples of how art can cease to be impotent and hypocritical by being woven in to the very fabric of social political life and not just isolated in dark theaters as they exist today and R so examples here seem terribly incompatible with the modern world what are we supposed to do I mean turn the American Constitution into Broadway play but the issue is even deeper which is that weo think language itself has degenerated for rouso Classical Languages or more ambiguous but more artistic modern Languages by trying to be rational have lost their persuasive Force this is definitely true when I read classical Chinese I have no idea what they're saying I mean partially because I'm not really great at classical Chinese but the language itself is highly ambiguous but it has Rhythm to it it has meter it has an power a persuasive power beyond its semantic content that modern Chinese and the rationality of that language same thing with Modern English modern French modern modern German just does not have so that's how deeply this problem runs that through reason even our language have has degenerated okay but there are ways even in mity to make political life more theatrical or to put it in the reverse to make theater more participatory Russo for example advises Poland to create a system of NeverEnding competition where its citizens compete over doing virtuous actions for the community and what you win again is not private money it's public honor and eventually public office so by again by injecting art into life this way art ceases to be deceptive it's easy to be two- faced and hypocritical because Essence becomes appearance okay there's no art and life there's no you know you watch Avatar and you drive home in your Hummer art becomes life itself so that's art and it has a foundational role to play in the good State philosophy also has a foundational role to play and it's also about giving philosophy more power and Prestige but in a very different way from art rouso suggests that rulers give the best philosophers a path to advise the political Elite and to win status wealth recognition through that path I quote to Russo the prince of eloquence Cicero was Consul of Rome and the greatest perhaps of philosophers bacon Chancellor of England if the one had held only a chair in some University and the other obtained only a modest pension from an academy can it be believed I say that their work would not have reflected status that's that's the quote on Prestige here's the quote on wealth the rich and the Learned serve only to to corrupt each other mutually if the rich were more learned or the Learned richer the latter would not be such cowardly flatterers and the former would like base flattery less and they would all be better off that is what can be seen from the small number of those who have the Good Fortune to be learned and Rich at the same time the Insight here is that intellectuals are a class just like the capitalist our class just like the workers our class who are trying to expand their self-interest in s their pride if you just leave them out in the open they're either going to flatter to the rich get patronage or they're going to want to attack your Society for notoriety so what you have to do as the ruler is to align the incentives of the intellectual class so that they can satisfy both their desires for wealth and recognition by serving rather than attacking your apus what you definitely don't want to do is how we treat our intellectual class today they're overworked underpaid where the supply of humanity Scholars far out place the demand where they have to publish rep Parish where there's a cultural incentive to attack America intellectuals already want to attack your society and you're just you're just pouring fuel on the fire now rouso to be clear here doesn't think all intellectuals need this he himself said that his intellectual production came from alienation from power but again you need to view the entire ire group as a class in the same way that you bribe your capitalist class by lowering the taxes you can't forget to bribe your class so that's what you don't want to do and as a positive example of successfully combining worldly power with intellect Russo gives an example of uh ancient China specifically the Chinese Imperial exams now the Chinese Imperial exams were one of the greatest meritocratic institutions in the premodern world where every few years there will be an empire-wide exam that's available to all the male citizenry commoner or Noble you're tested on the great books you're tested on policy you're tested on calligraphy sometimes and doing well on those tests directly placed you into the bureaucracy sometimes right at the top so just to give you guys an idea of how important these exams were um my family on my mother's side was one of the great houses in the Empire and it was a B to sustain itself for 600 years by mostly just producing Scholars that's how important these exams were okay so think Game of Thrones but for taking the SAT the path is you master the great books you do well in the peal exams and you advise the emperor okay so far so good that sounds great right exactly what Russo is suggesting but Russo brings up the Chinese Imperial exams not as a positive example but as a negative example of why China eventually fell to the Mongols and I think I can tease out what we're missing with an anecdote so my mother whom this SC scholar the line runs through always told me ever since I was a kid in books you can find faces of Jade in books you can find houses of gold did you get that let me americanize it so you guys understand books make Bank get laid now you know why I read so much um of course that was a vestage of Imperial sentiment right but that was not an exaggeration in fact it was an understatement because doing well in the Imperial exams got you a lot more than just women in gold and here in lies the issue the Imperial exams have pushed the desire for Enlightenment onto the Chinese people after a millennia it has pushed the desire for enlightenment on everyone because it was open for everyone and that popular Enlightenment led to all the issues including military weakness and eventually defeat by the Mongols the issue with the Imperial exams is that they were too meritocratic and here is where his suggestions between art and philosophy radically diverge in the good State art is to invest develop the political world but philosophy is to be restrained to the elite of the elite philosophy is to be practiced esoterically with the top philosophers advising the top political ruling Elite in private okay here's the obvious question how how are we going to get the top philosophers if you don't have a public education of system of philosophy or you don't have a public system of competition like the Imperial exams Russo's answer is that this lack of teachers is not going to hurt the development of our few wise men which again are the only people we want to be doing science and philosophy in the first place in fact not only do these people not need the guidance of teachers having teachers would limit them in summary then philosophy as well as art both have roles to play in a good State philosophy is to be drastically limited from is now and art is to be drastically expanded but both are done in such a way that the interests of the intellectuals are much better aligned with the interests of the community so that concludes uh my reconstruction of uh Russo's solution to the problem of Enlightenment in part two of this lecture but lest this lecture itself be a case of the type of useless Naval gazing that Russo criticizes we must ask our last question what does the first discourse this book right here have to teach us in the 21st century before I can give my answer I think we must substantively revise one of Russo's critical arguments that science was useless science clearly is no longer useless through technology so let's reexamine Russo's rhetorical question answer me then illustrious know in what r bodies attract one inhabited what insects reproduce in an any of those things would we have been perverse at least to the question of numerous and formidable we can confidently answer to Russo yes we would be without signs studying how insects mate resulted in pheromone based Pest Control much healthier than the chemical one studying the communication between soul and body Neuroscience is literally making the paralyzed walk in the blind sea it's it's literally New Testament miraculous boan algebra that seemed like useless math puzzles for decades became the backbone of computing rouso was not wrong in his time but since his time technology has joined power and intellect to the hip what the Chinese Imperial exams did socially the more you study the higher social position you'll be given technology does naturally the more you study the better you can manipulate the natural world take Warfare as an example Russo's argument is that on net enlightened societies will lose to unenlightened societies because science saps your will right destroys your social bonds it reduces your Force the time you spent studying useless insects is time you aren't spending drilling or making weapons but today the way you make better weapons is study useless things in science so even if science still saps your will it now drastically increases your force and I think Warfare is shifting from the logic of will to the logic of force it's no longer about can we hold themop with 300 Spartans it's more about who has the better killer drone and I think already World War II um with significant loss of course could be read as a race between opener and Heisenberg about who could get the bomb first and the world would look very different if the answer was Heisenberg right in that case you'd gladly trade Millions if not tens of millions of soldiers for an elite group of scientists and I I don't think that type of trade would have ever been considered before the Advent of technology so now let me be clear here will can still triumph over Force I think the um Taliban defeat of the us-backed Afghans is a great reminder of that furthermore Force always mattered a great deal in historical conflict himself says no matter how virtuous the American natives were they just couldn't overcome the technological advantage of the European conquerors but what's different now I think is that the acceleration of technology and more importantly the recognition of the acceleration of Technology how do we get a good military today we make sure top mind are studying stem and that's I don't think the first thing that came to anyone's mind in Pre modern times here's another hint I think um that the times are changing Russo's argument is that um in Antiquity Enlightenment passes from the conquered to the Conqueror why because Enlightenment makes you weak makes you lose you get conquered by someone who's not enlightened so the example here is the Chinese the Mongols the uh the Greeks to the Romans the Romans to the GS in the past 300 years enlightenment has been passed in the direction from conquer to conquered basically Europe to everyone else and that tells you something about how the relationship between Enlightenment and worldly power changed this change this joining of the hip of worldly power and intellect exists I think not only on the military side but also on the economic and cultural front if you don't control the latest productive Technologies your citizens will be condemned to to do the lowest value adding task that no one else wants to do if you don't control the latest media Technologies your country will be force-fed foreign faces foreign values foreign Stories the combination of intellect and worldly power through technology means that Russo strategy of conservation okay let's try to push science back as much as we can and let's try to stem its excesses is no longer I a viable solution no state today I think in their right Minds can afford to neglect Science and Technology I think even standing still much less pushing back is no longer viable here I think lies philosophy's role in such a world which is to guide the development of Technology by making clear what the choices are I want to be clear here it's not that philosophy will make technologists or people using technology more moral philosophy is not going to convince you to stop being thirsty but philosophy can tell you which cup has water and which cup has gasoline and I think philosophy is suited to do this because it has been asking useless questions about the fabric of reality for Millennia but as technology and science transform deeper and deeper layers of that very fabric these questions are now critical is sentiment or is reason the Foundation of of morality that's going to be an important question when we can bioengineer humans very soon do we care about the recognition from nonhuman sources that's going to be an important question with the amount of AI companions uh the first of which are already with us can deterministic agents be held morally responsible that's going to be a key question for regulating self-driving cars in a world where change can be arrested I think philosophy should be in the role of conservation preservation but in our world where we must surf this change I think philosophy has a more public role to play which is to outline to decision makers the consequences of their choices elucidation what I hope to have elucidated for you guys in this lecture today is the consequence of pursuing science and art not primarily on worldly power but on the good life on virtue because remember to say that science is is no longer useless that is now powerful does not nullify the bulk of Russo's arguments which are on how science threatens a good life how it threatens virtue I quote to youo I'm forever being told about power and greatness I for my part was talking about morals and virtue therefore Russo's critique of the 21st century I think would be even more forceful than his critique of the 18th if Russo is right that science brings moral corruption that it degrades our virtues then I think it's a terrible thing that science has now become powerful why because in Russo's time when push comes to shove The Virtuous non- enlightened State wins against the vice full enlightened State at least we have the Solace of knowing that Sparta is eventually going to triumph over Athens at least the wise Statesman could choose the sight of both virtue and power however Difficult by rejecting science but today the Statesman if so is right is faced with two equally untenable choices you cultivate signs you grow your power but you destroy your virtue or you reject signs you protect your virtue or you get conquered by the corrupt the most terrifying possibility I think that Russo's line of critique raises is that our societies have not been designed for the flourishing of man but the acceleration of science contrarianism destroys the social fabric but it's important for an innovation culture diversity in thought undermines our shared beliefs but greatly accelerates scientific progress immigration harms Community feeling but is what you need to attract the best engineering of the world a rational Society turns us into Elementary particles but is the most compatible with the scientific worldview the terrifying ronian thought is this what if our values didn't win because they were good but because they were powerful because they allowed us to build better Technologies let me ask the question this way why did Asia adopt Western values in the 20th century why did China send her best and brightest in the early 20th century to study in Europe why did the mag Emperor adopt Western in institutions was it because they read K was it because they suddenly realized these self-evident rights under their noses hidden for Millennia it was because the Ching Empire had its ass handed to it on the battlefield it was because the Japanese were a struck by Commodore Perry's warships Asian rulers realized that to import modern Technologies meant that you had to import modern morals the morals were imported then not because they made the citizens more virtuous but because it made the state more powerful we send our kids today to study the Arts and Sciences not to make them better people but so that they can also find faces of Jade and houses of gold the terrifying possibility that rouso raises is that the exact values needed for the progress of science are precisely the ones detrimental to the good life science is not in the service of man but man in the service of science so as we extend our Dominion across the natural world through the advances of Technology the first discourse is only becoming more and not less relevant and the question it has for the 21st century is this for what shall science profit man even if he shall gain the whole world but lose his own soul thank [Applause] you thanks for watching my lecture if you want to go even deeper into these ideas then go join my email list at great books. you'll not only get lectures and interviews but also transcripts book summaries and essays all to help you explore the key ideas from the most important books in history now one thing you might be wondering after this lecture is if reason is not the foundation of the good state for Russo what is his answer is going to be heroes or more specifically the imitation of Heroes Heroes for Russo aren't just ornamentation okay they're not just a nice to have a cherrying on top they are core they're foundational to good Community now we live in a very weird age where superheroes have never been more popular in movies but real heroes have never been more absent in society so if you want to learn about why Society needs Heroes and why we can no longer produce them then go check out my interview with Professor Christopher Kelly you can find links to everything we discussed today including transcripts and my booknotes in the description as well as on my website great books. thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @bi.johnathan [18 likes]: * Join my email list to be notified of future episodes: greatbooks.io
* Full transcript: https://open.substack.com/pub/johnathanbi/p/transcript-for-rousseaus-first-discourse?r=l66v&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web

Companion lectures & interviews: 
* Rousseau on the importance of heroes: https://www.johnathanbi.com/p/selfish-heroes-make-great-leaders

Texts I referenced (affiliate): 
* Best translation of the First Discourse: https://amzn.to/3Xr4NyO
    * My book notes: https://www.johnathanbi.com/p/discourse-on-the-arts-and-sciences
* Best reading companion to the First Discourse: https://amzn.to/4chZeXG
    * My book notes: https://www.johnathanbi.com/p/rousseaus-critique-of-science-by
* Best overview of Rousseau's view on the role of authors: https://amzn.to/4bX9JQD
    * My book notes: https://www.johnathanbi.com/p/rousseau-as-author-by-christopher

TIMESTAMPS
00:00:00 0. Introduction
00:05:23 1.1 Critique: Sparta and Athens
00:06:54 1.2 Critique: Self-Interest and Pride
00:14:14 1.3 Critique: Science and the Disease of Contrarianism
00:22:24 1.4 Critique: Science Destroys the Social Fabric 
00:29:43 1.5 Critique: Science is Useless
00:35:14 1.6 Critique: Popular Enlightenment
00:39:10 1.7 Critique: Art is Morally Impotent
00:50:03 1.8 Critique: Art’s Second Order Dangers
01:02:52 2.1 Prescriptions: Fighting Enlightenment with Enlightenment
01:10:20 2.2 Prescriptions: Rousseau, the Anti-Revolutionary
01:14:27 2.3 Prescriptions: Art in the Good State
01:21:31 2.4 Prescriptions: Science in the Good State
01:28:15 3. Contemporary Relevance of the First Discourse
  2. @Shevock [6 likes]: Is the audience AI generated?
  3. @satyricusm [1 likes]: Hollywoodian, technocrat (nature manipulation, applied science, logic of force, complete reduction of philosophy to ideology, "surfing change" as in Heidegger's darkest moment, mechanistic conception of nature, etc.) lecture incarnates the flattering intellectualism it addresses, closing unsurprisingly with an "aesthetic" appeal to soul.  In reality, Rousseau has no solution (progressive nominalism is no solution), especially since he, as Machiavelli, can still distinguish philosophers from intellectuals (see the last Rêveries).  The core, unresolved problem pertains to the Sophistic split between truth and virtue (now respectively object and subject); Mr. Bi takes that split for granted, while R still wrestles with it in private.  Now CCP (post-Mao) style propaganda (decorating coercion: "essence becomes appearance," as Bi puts it) is not far off.  PS  "neuroscience" has zero to teach about the soul.
  4. @JoeBarry-p9m [1 likes]: So, the interesting thing you gloss over is how the Spartans became the dominant city state in Greece, by siding with the Persians and selling out there Greek brothers and sisters. Morals?
  5. @raginald7mars408 [1 likes]: trying to be a combative Bruce Lee in Intellectual Circus
  6. @freerangethinkingclub [1 likes]: Splendid on a number of levels: content, structure, delivery, the harmony of the clothes and surroundings, and more. So many small details done brilliantly. Standing ovation from this viewer in England 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  7. @boblove3167: Read McGilchrist's "The Master and His Emissary". The battle is between individualism and organicism ... Not ignorance and intelligence?
  8. @katk1958: Sometimes one really is "clicking for a friend." In some cases the "friend" might be a dear loved one. 😞
  9. @pdefatta57: This is a wonderfully thought out and delivered talk about the most important questions facing humanity today.  There is much to chew on and digest here.  Thanks, Jonathan.
  10. @k_meowington: What a great lesson!
  11. @gabriel84605: There might be some slight misconceptions embedded in this lecture. But wow! I had never heard of Rousseau's first discourse before, and it is a very controversial set of ideas.
  12. @tomwright9904: Lol.  Posh sounding idiot. Well maybe not idiot - but salesperson
  13. @BladeAurora: for what shall science profit man, even if he shall gain the whole world but lose his own soul
  14. @seidihabibi: Umar didn't burn the library of Alexandria...
  15. @chabandou: The claim that Caliph ʿUmar ibn al-Khaṭṭāb (RA) burned the Library of Alexandria is almost certainly a myth. There is no solid historical evidence to support it.
  16. @augusto.umbelino: 50:15 / 1:01:32
  17. @TheBoujiman: Based on this lecture, I think Rousseau seems to miss the big picture - in the absence of science, or a unifying principle, society orients itself to serve the next highest being (Emperors or Caliphs). And since enlightenment cannot be stopped globally, your society will inevitably fall to one that understands those higher principles and works towards improving its lethality in comparison to those just trying to live a "viruoutous" or a "good life".

So in summary, the simple want of having a society for man (i.e. beholding to virtues) is in itself mastirbatory as it's doomed to fail.
  18. @Roderick-i5t: Aristophanes' Clouds!
  19. @ToppidyTops: Best channel on YouTube
  20. @mspenelope6874: Business people and politicians corrupt the most for the least.

- Litchat : Rousseau & the first autobiography.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys. So today I am going to talk about one of my favorite writers of all time. It might be a good surprise and it might as well be a bad surprise, but I hope that at the end of this video you will love even more or like him a little bit more than you used to. Woo has always been one of my favorite writers. I remember the first time I read a line of his beautiful work and I felt amazingly touched and moved and I immediately felt like I could relate to him and I remember that at that time many people in the class didn't really understand also the way I understood him and I felt really um surprised and upset to see that they thought of him as being an egocentric very self-absorbed and pretious man because I really think he was not any of these things. Also was a writer, a philosopher and a composer. He was really successful at writing music and really talented at it as well as obviously amazingly talented when it comes to writing. All of his work has become so famous. can think of novels such as Lenov or it's not really a novel but more um autobiographical work such as confer and he has also written a bunch of texts which are a bit more about you know politics and I would say sociology in a way like his work has been and his persona has have been so inspiring that they have influenced so many great writers and thinkers but also the French revolution, the enlightenment and even to these day there are so many things that we don't really think of as being the you know consequences of his mind but that are however the result of his amazing amazing mind also being very famous a lot of his work or many of his essential ideas and you know notions and opinions are well known such as the common will the state of nature the noble sage, the importance of equality, the fact that humans come on earth as good creatures that are then perverted by society. It's really easy to twist and transform what Russo had to say and what Russo thought. And I think we're all somehow guilty of that to some extent. But also is definitely in my opinion a great inspiration for people who want to fight for equality and want to fight for not a return to nature um like Volter wanted us to believe or a sort of regression but sort of ability to make a distinction between what really matters and what's very superficial between what's really good and what looks good. And that's something we still like very much nowadays and I think many of us would benefit from reading some of his work. If you're curious about Russo's life, it's really easy to have access to it because you wrote an amazing book which is called Le which is if you forget and ignore some of the previous and slightly different attempts that exist did before Russo's attempt the first autobiography ever at least the first that was serious and completely like Chung I'm an autobiography. Russo was much criticized for it at you know um his time and also nowadays because people think of him as being so self-absorbed that he had to write such a big book about himself but the point and the aim were completely different also loved human beings so much yet didn't really manage to come to terms with their flows and their strange and odd behaviors that he wanted to offer them the poetry the real genuine uh completely natural portray of a real man, a very normal man, even though he was a genius. So, not really, but you know, not a wealthy man, not a noble man. And he wanted them by reading that book to be able to understand themselves more. He wanted to celebrate the self and not himself. This book is pretty amazing because it's the first time that there is nothing really about the outside world about anything but himself, his feelings, his thoughts, his story. And that starts really early with his childhood which is sort of uncommon. And that's another great thing about Uso that not many people know age really changed the way we see and think of childhood and children. when he wrote Lemil, he gave us so many tools that are nowadays obvious and common knowledge but at that time were revolutionary. Some people would say that Russo wasn't really honest in his memoirs. I would really have to did agree with that because he gives us so many information that would not really be easy to share with people. He speaks about the lies he said, the things he was ashamed of. For example, the fact that he find a sexual pleasure in being spanked and he talks in depth and length about the love of his life, Madame de Varez. You have to realize that at the time he was living talking about those things was completely revolutionary, completely brave and courageous and scary. And the fact of the matter is that also had a very very very difficult life. Unlike Bair, he was not born from a noble family. He was not rich and he didn't like society, parties, luxury or anything like that. He had a very simple life, very little money. He traveled a lot and he even had to flee from France after publishing Emil. And at that point, he even ran the risk to be sent to jail and his books were burnt. Some people ask me why I don't like Voltater very much. I don't really have anything against the work of Volaltater but him as a human being I think was a despicable person when Russo had to flee from France was feeling like because at the end of his life Russo had some mental health issues when Russo was in exile Voltater did not let him in peace first published a very negative review of and he said that this book was silly bourgeoa impudent and boring anyway it's not really important Because this book became a success immediately and in response to the exile of Russo and in response to Lei W published anonymously obviously a pamphlet called in which he suggested the execution of Russo and made fun of his health in a very cruel way. I like about Uso I think it's precisely what bothers some people. It is this amazingly sharp consciousness of being, of his being, of who he was and what his life was. He had this amazing amazing capacity to be so moved and inspired and in o in front of everything. And the reason to that is probably the fact that he was born almost dying and that his mom died when giving birth to him. He had this preconciousness of death and he cherished life more than anyone else. Loved nature. He loved animals and human beings and feelings and art and beauty. And he want did I think to share that with the world. But the fact is that he was so sensitive and so defenseless that this drove him crazy. Even if you don't like his writing style, which I think would be a shame, but you are able to feel and comprehend how he could perceive beauty everywhere to a level that I think so few few few people can feel. He was very provocative, but I don't think he really meant to. He wanted to experience things. He wanted to feel them as much as he could. And it really annoys me when I see people that think of him as being arrogant because he's not. Basically, I think people are taking his greatness of soul for arrogant. People think it has to be some sort of very embellished and um exaggerated depiction of himself and his feelings because it's so wow that it cannot be. But no, no. And people also have to realize that yes he was writing a lot about himself but it was much needed. It was needed that we would take a look at what was happening inside and also wanted to seek for the individuality in each and every one of us. And he wanted us to feel and think by ourselves which is a great goal for me also is very important because it was the first time I met an author that I could feel while reading the book. I felt immediately connected to him and when I was reading the book I wanted to hug him and it's also very important for me because it kind of shaped my political views and if you ask me who shaped you and who shaped the way you see things I would say obviously me but also greatly helped. So I hope you enjoy watching this video guys. I hope you're going to open your heart with a fresh and beautiful white page and let him put some of his beautiful words into your heart. And if you feel like it, definitely give a go because it's a big big classic. And the reason why you're probably reading and have read autobiography now is mainly this book right here. And I will see you later. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @polecajkijanki [5 likes]: this video made "Confessions" a must read for me, thank you :)
  2. @thePaulaCooper [2 likes]: make a video about Voltaire please please like his work vs him as a person r something like that
  3. @joanavitorino1436 [1 likes]: Rousseau was a mediocre composer and novelist at best. He was an arrogant, self-centered man - it only takes the first three pages of his autobiography (which he claims to be the first in History, but - dear God! - it was not) to realize that. He didn't understand anything about children. He was a great political philosopher and marked (arguably more than anyone else) perhaps the most important era in the history of Humanity and, for that, will always deserve a top place among the Greatest. That's my opinion.
  4. @warmheat [1 likes]: the thing is that, he is contradictory in his own book. he doesn't like high society but every time he could take advantage of getting a job or a position through the help of a wealthy friend he never hesitated. though he was claiming that simple life was the best. so, to me, either he is hypocritical and didn't even perceive it, or (more plausible) he did it on purpose to make himself contradictory. his strength was in the skills he has to make himself be the one to pity, even though he didn't quite deserve any pity in some situation. After reading half the confessions i stopped because i felt that anything he would said would be a complete replicate of everything he said before. he might be a good writer and a clever man, no doubt about it. but humanly speaking, there was nothing interesting to take from it.
  5. @isabelleb.3653 [1 likes]: I have a presentation on "Rousseau's multifaceted genius" tomorrow and I hope to make my classmates feel as enthusiastic about Rousseau as you were in this video! xx
  6. @MarivoneAraujo [1 likes]: He's helped to change the state, fighting for humans, human rights, constitutionalization of rights! I'm a lawyer and we study him in class here in Brazil. I love him. Voltaire was jealous because his work was never that poweful! Happy to find you! <3
  7. @MSAmusicalguy [1 likes]: I love these LitChat series :'D
  8. @dfg1999 [1 likes]: Fancy glasses :)
  9. @xstarlight89x [1 likes]: Aaah I LOVED this video and how passionate you are about these themes :) definitely keep doing more LitChats! :) I feel like you could like the book I'm currently reading (and loving): petites oeuvres morales by giacomo leopardi. He may not be as optimistic as rousseau haha, but it's veeery fascinating to see life from a different point of view (plus I remember you said in a video you wanted to know better Italian writers sooo he's definitely one of the best!) 
Love you so much and thanks for the video! xxx
  10. @reaDANculous: and he was an authority on grasses! but i wouldn't advocate his educational theories...
  11. @leonelrodriguez4010: Hello. I will read some of Rousseau in spanish (Las confesiones), because your words impressed me as true and to the point of the importance of his writing. I have a french copy of the Reveries. Also, I'm reading La educación sentimental! (L'Éducation sentimentale) for the first time and I'm enjoying the book very much. I'm two thirds in. In fact, I found your channel when I was looking for opinions on this great book by Flaubert. Glad to have met your channel, very interesting. Thanks! and greeting from México.
  12. @sleeba1: I love your passion for Rousseau.
  13. @lucy6702: es-ce que tu pourrais faire d'autres vidéos sur des auteurs français ou anglais ? c'est vraiment intéressant 😄
  14. @santiago8363: Eventough I like Rousseau's work, he didn't care much about his children. I also like Voltaire's work but he sometimes didn't seem to care about free speech as much as he said he did. A lot of philosophers didn't quite practice what they preached. This kind of videos are amazing and I hope you keep doing them.
  15. @avafrav: tu connais Montaigne? j'avais un prof qui m'a dit en tant que spécialiste de Montaigne qu'il était le premier écrivain qui s'est concentré sur le soi et que Rousseau a beaucoup développé ses idées pendant le siècle des Lumières.
  16. @MattUSMC1000: I will have to read this book when I finish The Confessions of Saint Augustine. :)
  17. @tps607: much enjoyed your perspective of him
  18. @clarurc: This video totally convinced me to start reading Rousseau. Thank you for sharing your views on him! :)
  19. @alejandracastaneda-schell7222: A quick tip "Many" is for plural and "much" for singular :)
  20. @hunternelson8825: I had to read Confessions in English Class last year, (so it was an English translation) and it was an extremely difficult to read. I think I only read the first chapter and I just couldn't take it anymore. Only one person out of all the English classes read the entire book. I have heard that some of his other books are good, so unless you have a very advanced reading skill and can read like an 800 page book or whatever it is, do not read Confessions.

- J-J Rousseau, Barbarism, Civilization, and Revolutions  | Philosophers in the Midst of History: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to session number 15 this this series on philosophers in the myths of history we do one ancient philosopher in spring and then we do a medieval philosopher in the early late spring early summer and then we do a modern philosopher we're doing jean-jacques Rousseau today in in late summer and then finally in fall I guess you'd say November right it's not yet winter we do a contemporary or twentieth-century thinker so we're doing jean-jacques Rousseau and as we were talking about before this he's a rather contradictory fellow very fertile in in the things that he wrote I don't think that you can actually manage to fully integrate all of his ideas together into one coherent body of doctrine but that that's okay because people have picked up on his ideas and use them for so many things that's part of what we're going to talk about so in these talks and by the way I encourage you at any time to ask questions or you know if you've got comments we can always come back to to topic if there's anything that's unclear but in these talks I always like to sort of you know situate the philosopher in his or her history in the sense of you know the development of what's going on where their life fits into the bigger picture of what's happening but I also talk about how they then come to influence history because it's a it's a back and forth it's very rare that you have somebody who's just totally a creature of their times and doesn't help to shape their their times and sometimes afterwards you know Rousseau hears a lot of affect in his own time but he probably has even more effect shortly afterwards in the French Revolution so what I thought we'd talk about first is just the the context that that he is growing up in and living in and working in he's definitely a creature of the 18th century and we call that in English the Enlightenment the French call it the ciock the Lumiere which means the the century of lights or of a luminary illuminators and the germans call it the elf clara which also has this you know sense of illuminating things and you know i didn't put in on the timeline all the different people who are doing interesting enlightenment work at the time but you know you can think about all these figures some of whom don't like Rousseau like Voltaire Voltaire is from an older generation he and Rousseau never get along although Rousseau likes him quite a bit Voltaire never liked so then you've got people who are closer to him these encyclopedias like Denis Diderot his friend Dalembert believe it or not they were also in this this sort of circle with with one of the Grimm's and you know there there were other people engaging and important political ideas like the Baron de Montesquieu you notice that even you know one of the the big texts that that made a lot of money for its writers during that time it's a little bit where's that yeah it's in 1732 Benjamin Franklin writes Poor Richard's Almanack so it's not just the European continent it's also you know people are writing in America as well there's a lot of back and forth happening and so I thought we'd talk about about that first and it's I think it's impossible to talk about the Enlightenment in general without noting the the growing dominance of two countries one is England England had become a center of culture by the turn of the 18th century as a matter of fact somebody who doesn't you know managed to get into that go tree - Vilhelm liveness sort of the universal genius of of Europe in Millay seventeenth-century is very very sad because he doesn't get to go to London like the rest of the honover family because he didn't do his job that they hired him for which was he did all these other things but he didn't he didn't fulfill his obligations his family historian so they left him behind when they when they went to London but liveness had gotten to go to Paris which was the other major cultural centre and in the 1800's Paris retains that status and some of the other countries in the 18th century that were quite powerful at the start and whose stars are sort of waning would be like Spain for example Sweden also Sweden had been a massive power in the 17th century they played a huge role in the Wars of Religion but you know eventually they're there they're not quite as important in the East there's really three main powers that are that are becoming important to focus on one is Russia of course and then there's Austria and then Prussia and so you you're getting these these nation states developing within Europe and and you know nation-states they require a lot of apparatus they need working civil services they typically have some sort of national culture that they're trying to forward and to to some degree control we're going to talk about some of the controls on that in France that affected Rousseau so he's born into this context but he's born in a different place he's born in Switzerland and Switzerland is this kind of you know thorny little upstart mountain locked kingdom of a whole bunch of different fairly independent Canton's each of which is kind of doing its own thing one that one of which is actually involved with Prussia at the those we're gonna talk about and being born there and being born particularly in Geneva which is in the french-speaking part of Switzerland Rousseau is getting a very different upbringing than say somebody who'd been born into France or Prussia or England and that's going to color his views and it's also gonna open up possibilities for him that that might not have existed for others there's a lot of wars going on here and there is these these powers spar with each other there's this continual emphasis on sort of centralizing power generally against the nobility who don't like that sort of thing in France they actually distinguish between two kinds of nobility the know the know blessed and that Bay which means that the nobles of the sword you know the old warrior types who hold land from from their feudal conquests and then the know blessed of the little hope which means the nobles of the gown and why would they wear a gown well they were you know somebody in the Civil Administration so it's possible for the rising bourgeoisie to become part of the the state apparatus of power and to start affecting policy and changing the culture and you know the aristocrats didn't really like that so you have this constant back and forth in the 18th century between these kings and there there's you know civil services and oftentimes the bourgeoisie lining up with them until the Kings spend too much money and then the nobles and then you've got the church as well involved and there's a lot of entanglements there not just between the church and the state but also given the fact that some of these Nobles are holding their titles from you know religious endowments as well you could if you find all these people who are the abbot at the abbey in French or the abbot in English of such in such a place and they never go there they're just drunk this is drawing the rents from it and living at court and do their thing and I suppose the other thing to say politically to that's that's quite important is louis xiv who's you know pretty much gone by the time verso is you know a kid louis xiv managed to really centralize power in in France and to defang the nobility in part by requiring them to be at court and and he reigned for a very long time too so when you've got that kind of power for that sort of time you can really start to change a not just a culture but but the politics of what's going on a few other things that are happening that before we get into the intellectual scene trade is is you know booming all over the place as a matter of fact some of the wars that they're having are over trade so you've got not only these these massive nation-states but but also mercantile powers you could think of like the the Dutch for example or the Portuguese who are gonna play a role until they can you know get shuffled off the scene and they're getting to know the world far better you know you could think of the seventh the the 17th century as an era of exploration lots of exploration going out of South America North America and you know parts of Africa all sorts of trade things established with the East Indies with China with India and and that sort of thing is getting consolidated by by the 18th century people know where things are on the map except for you know if it's really deep in the heart of you know South America or Africa maybe they they haven't penetrated that far but for the most part they know where things are now it's a question of how do you get the commodities from there to here reliably without you know piracy taking it over or your rival mercantile powers taking it so they're all jarring with each other over that and and they're getting to know not just about the cultures of these people but about their ways of life and their modes of thought so you know just for an example the Catholic Church the Pope was was the one who ended up deciding this they had to decide that that Christianity and Confucianism were indeed not compatible with each other because when the Jesuits went into China the Jesuits were you know translating the Bible and Christian writings into into Chinese and so they're trying to find concepts that would work so you know God becomes t on or heaven which is not quite the same thing as the guy out of the Bible and you know the Jesuits always were a little fast and loose with that sort of thing during missionary work and eventually I mean a word gets back basically from the Franciscans who are like these Jesuits you know look at them what they're doing and they get condemned I may get told get to get out of China you know you're no longer allowed quickness and in more reliable people but why are they why are they doing that because they need to make sense out of the fact that within China you have this massive body of thought that really does seem to make sense and it offers a way to understand you know the human beings and their hierarchies and the divine and everything else and so that's part of what's going on in the 18th century is this confrontation with other ways of looking at things and that's very liberating because you know if you only have one way of seeing things and it seems to make sense you know you might tinker around with it a bit right you might say well this part doesn't really seem to work anymore work great in the 12th century but doesn't work great in the 18th century but you're probably not going to radically revised it right but when you when you have other models you can be like well why is our model the correct one maybe we should you know really think think about this stuff and so you see for example Montesquieu writing the Persian letters you know it was it was kind of 8 & Voltaire does this sort of thing - it was quite popular to say hey I met this this guy from this land here and they do things differently isn't it weird how we do things this way maybe we don't have to do things this way anymore which is a you know a rather progressive way of you know attacking traditional structures and beliefs and things like that and so that that was quite a common thing that they would do in the Enlightenment there's you know we're talking about intellectual life so and it is it is something that belongs to an elite it's not the ordinary person on the street who is really engaging in this although literacy is becoming you know more and more common and and more and more books are being printed and more and more broad sheets are being printed as well you can just you know tack up to a wall and have people read sort of like you know we've got you know Twitter and message boards and stuff like that that's what a broadsheet it essentially was back then you'd go to the tavern or coffee house and you'd have your your big almost like a poster saying the mayor sucks you know here's why he's a terrible guy and he spent the money on this event or you know it could be this book is great or we should think about this idea and people would communicate with each other that way so even though ordinary people could get involved with it but they weren't they weren't the drivers of the Enlightenment you know the Enlightenment is still being driven by an elite but it's no longer an elite of nobility and it's no longer an elite as it was in Western Europe of an educated clergy because you know if you think about who the elite were who were you know driving culture in the Middle Ages it was mostly the clergy now it's it's a secular people who might be philosophers or they might you know build themselves as geometers or might build themselves in all sorts of other ways pop you know political thinkers but they're there they're engaging with each other and engaging with ideas and proposing new ways to think of things and from the perspective of anybody who is you know sort of rather traditional at the time which could it could be everybody from those wanting to maintain political institutions the same to those who are concerned about the Guild's going under to those who are worried about things for religious reasons all of this enlightenment the activity is kind of dangerous it's undermining people's long-held views it's calling things into question right so Rousseau is going to be part of that but as we were talking about at the beginning he's not an Enlightenment figure in the same way that some of these other people are like if you contrast them to Voltaire for example you know Voltaire tends to look at things in terms of a fairly straightforward account of human progress and Rousseau it's a lot it's a lot murkier you know there's there's a lot of ways in which progress is bad for us as we'll talk about but but on the other hand you know we can't just stay rooted in the past that we've had and or just you know maintain a static present so the you know part of what they're they're trying to figure out in the Enlightenment is is really a couple big questions one is what is human nature what is it that that how do we understand human beings what is it that makes us what we are do we need to look to the Bible for an account of that or religious authorities for an account of that or do we take a different attitude that's the less beholden to those I mean they'll still talk about God a lot but but it's kind of a abstract God instead or and it's sort of a deist watchmaker's God they're really interested in well how do we develop and noticed that was so if you look at some of his texts is talking about how human beings evolved he doesn't use the word evolution which is more of a 19th century thing but he's talking about that he's not talking about necessarily genetic evolution he's talking about how do we as a species become more and more complex and more and more distant from our origins and whether we're developing in the right way as well that's another key issue for him and he's not the he's not the only person so you've got these accounts that people are providing talking about you know criminal states of nature some of this goes back quite a ways to like you know Thomas Hobbes in the city in the 17th century but now they're starting to use the anthropological materials that they've got they can do cross comparisons they don't have to speculate about the Native Americans they've got you know a hundred years of people writing about them oftentimes you know from biased perspectives but but better than what Hobbes had to work on and better than what John Locke had to work on and they've also got these accounts of what people do in China or India or in other places so they can use that for for doing sort of cross cross comparative studies the other thing that they're really really centered on is the the question of society who should be running things and how should they be run and you could say that you know I don't know if you can say that feudalism ever really worked that level that effectively in Europe it worked good at the time I guess better than some of the other well you know everything every political system works great for somebody Hegel has this this great quip and I think it's in the philosophy of history where he says he's contrasting the sort of what he calls the Asian spirit and the Greek spirit and the Christian spirit he says with Asian spirit and of course he's generalizing here only one man can be the guy at the top right and then for the Greeks a few can be free the ones who are at the top as well and aren't slaves or non-citizens or something like that and then under Christianity everybody can be free you know so he sees this this kind of evolution obviously that's an idealization but you can say that one of the things in the Enlightenment thinkers were really interested in is that movement how do you go from a few people being the ones who are free in the sense that they can enjoy life and decide with what kind of life they're gonna have and get to participate in political deliberations and determinations how do you go from just a few to to many without everything falling apart because I mean you know you could imagine these guys looking around the populous and saying you know we want that guy to vote I don't know about that you know how do you how do you do that well one way is by changing the nature of the people that you've got to work with so if you can you know remove prejudices and superstitions and get rid of government corruption and you see where this is going right this is the same thing that we say today if we could just like get people to see clearly where their true interests lie then you know our politics wouldn't be so toxic if people just weren't so prejudiced and rooted in their ways whether I'm left or right or even in the center we could all get along and figure out what to do about a global climate change or the threat that China is posing or you know what we're gonna do when when AI and robotics takes all of our jobs or you know any of these sorts of things that we are our political system is clearly incapable of actually handling right so I mean the Enlightenment figures you can see where they're coming from they didn't have you know 300 years of people trying to do that and it not working out like we do or you can say in the present yeah I mean this they tried this they tried the French Revolution and that didn't really work out as planned you know our American Revolution culminated in a political system that it meant in some respects is really great at the time but now is sort of like a Model T Ford where we're constantly replacing very old parts that don't seem to work very good and people are zooming past us in their you know modern modern Ford's or Alexis's you know they they didn't have that they they could actually dream of like well what if we actually did in fact remove the scales from everybody's eyes and they saw for the first time that the right thing to do is to say maximize the positive outcomes for everybody and minimize the harms wouldn't that be amazing you know and so there there are a lot of thinkers who propose things like that and and along with that goes that you know sort of a critique of religious institutions and arbitrary political institutions like you know why do we have to have a king you know does that seem to be the most effective way of governing to have this hereditary monarchy now saying stuff like that could get you thrown in jail right and some of these guys did quite frankly but it you know you can see that it it's it's creating an environment in which Rousseau's thought can can flourish and we can say that the 18th century after the death of her so you know it really culminates in in one massive event which is not the American Revolution it's the French Revolution because because France was a more important country at the time really at the center of the West and it turns everything topsy-turvy it creates this animosity of all the other powers against France generates what would we say like two decades of like constant war and also creates some breathing space for our project over here you know I don't know that the war of 1812 would have gone quite so I mean it didn't go well for us but I think it could have gone way worse if the British you know weren't fighting the French at the time so you know the French Revolution is quite important so Rousseau let's talk about Russo's life and I created this timeline for you to give you some of the high notes so he's born in Geneva and he's a citizen of Geneva and that's that's important because it means that you know as opposed to like being born in France he would have been subject to the king of France he's subject to the you know much smaller state of Geneva his mom dies shortly after childbirth and his father Isaac and there was a bit of a disparity there - his mother is from sort of you know the upper-class his father's a craftsman and his father brings in his sister to help raise the boys doesn't take too long before they relocate and they end up living in this craftsman neighborhood and we're so get some of his ideas about you know the value of handle work as opposed to being you know an aristocrat from from that and that's kind of important for for him I think I'm well quite a few of these enlightenment types could be you know rather abstract about that sort of thing Rousseau actually knew what it was like for people to work and and another thing that was really cool that his father did now his father's kind of a you know good guy bad guy sort of figure but one of the good things that he did is he had all these books that were I think essentially the property of his dead wife and he starts reading these with young Jean Jacques and teaching him how to read and then they read the books together and they discuss them and that's part of how Rousseau ends up getting like you know the first beginnings of his education he and the confessions and unfortunately you know we want to talk about an unreliable narrator you really can't trust everything there it's so says in his confessions right and that's one of the main sources we have for his life is his autobiography but he says that you know he read all these these you know novels and fantasy works and he's you know modeling himself after people and Plutarch's lives you know so if you think about the reading if we were on our own and we didn't have elementary school or middle school and we just had a bunch of books and a dad who is actually willing to read them with us and talk with us about them that's probably a pretty decent education right I mean we could have gone much worse imagine if it was all just you know Army field manuals or romance novels you know mercenary now hosts or something like that now eventually his his dad gets into a conflict with a land over overhunting and he has to get out of town he and his sister moved to kneel and they leave jean-jacques behind with with his uncle and his uncle houses him with a Calvinist minister just outside of town really a strict guy eventually jean-jacques gets apprenticed to a notary then to an engraver the engraver beats him so he's you know he's learning quite a few things his craft beatings are awful and he runs away from Geneva to to Savoy and there he meets this Catholic priest who introduces him to one of the first important women in his life Francois who has Warren and she is a what would you call her she's sort of like a religious headhunter she's she's out there looking for conversions she was originally a Protestant and so she would travel around and and you know sort of like you know she'd give you the the the you know the soft shoe this is where they could salt the soft-pedal you know approach my Catholicism is so great you should convert back and she and Russo are going to become involved but before that she actually converts and he gets disowned immediately by his family then he becomes eventually the lover of the warran and he starts studying philosophy and mathematics and music and he's actually quite good when it comes to music he writes a dissertation on modern music eventually he receives a small inheritance and then partially repays de Warren for her support and he's becoming independent now he becomes a tutor in the yawl in 1739 1742 he moves to Paris and he's got a new idea for musical notation and he presents it to the Academy to see anse they say no this is this is very smart but it's not gonna work and he was hoping he'd actually make his fortune with this but he being in Paris he meets this guy Denis Diderot and Diderot is one of these enlightenment intellectuals Diderot is going to be involved with this massive project called the encyclopedia that we'll come back to in just a bit encyclopedias I'll just say this by side no I mean did anything grow up with a world book in your family or an encyclopedia britannica or something like that i used to read them all the time when i was a kid you know just open up to an entry and read about it it was it was really cool you know the overlays like in the coalmine you can see where the coal comes from or you know I'll tell you a funny story too so when I was a kid I started reading pretty girly I said I learned to read when I was 3 and then I just started reading stuff and sometimes I wouldn't associate the words that I knew I guess you'd say orally right with the words that I was reading on the page so I came downstairs one time and I was telling my mom I'd been reading an entry on dolphins and I was telling her about there's still much 'iz and you know what went on with this organ I didn't make the Association that's a stomach I was pronouncing it you know the way it seemed it should be pronounced so much right because that's why it's written and my mom's like what the hell are you talking about what's this so much and so I pointed it on the page and she and then by the time I pointed it I realized what it where things had gone wrong you know but you know it's a sign of how you know how much we took the world book for for granted you know so we'll come back to the to that in a bit he also then becomes the secretary to this ambassador to Venice and so that gets him to Venice which is quite interesting get some you know to see what's going on that unfortunately the guy the Ambassador typically wasn't paid for his own work for more than a year after he did it and there was a trickle-down effect he doesn't get paid his servants don't get paid so Rousseau wasn't getting paid either I mean so you know after waiting a year to get paid this it was like that I'm not doing this anymore so he he comes back to Paris then he becomes involved with this this woman Therese Lev a sewer who's a she's a servant woman and but clearly he was quite taken with her because he got her pregnant five times over the course of his life every single time he and her mother convinced her to give the the children up to what was called at that time a foundling hospital which really means an orphanage and there's a lot of dispute about this there's there some people who say well that's basically given the infant mortality of the time and the way these things were run that was basically like you know the death sentence for the kid you know if they survive they're probably pretty lucky he never did ten years later he wanted to find his son he wasn't particularly interested in daughters then he couldn't he couldn't track anything down nobody knew anything but he was you know he was quite taken with her he she will play an important role later on around that time he he writes a letter introducing himself to Voltaire and Voltaire you know doesn't doesn't give him much of a response shortly after that in 1749 he wins a big prize that kind of puts him on the map he writes the discourse on the sciences and the arts to fulfill this this prize contest for the Academy - Dijon and that's the first of his discourses and that's where he's sort of laying out some of his ideas about human development and and politics and how the different activities that we do like the arts change our nature over time and change the structure of society meanwhile I should probably start talking about some of the things on the other side you know around this time Montesquieu is publishing the spirit of the laws Diderot gets jailed for a while under what's called the letter to cash a meaning hide him away and Diderot and Dalembert shortly after we so is publishing this discourse on the sciences and the arts they begin publishing their encyclopedia they had they had written a prospectus for it about five years before that trying to raise money and the whole idea with the encyclopedia so now now let's talk about the encyclopedia we think of it encyclopedia as well you know it's this set of books you buy them maybe you buy it on installments you know a hundred bucks a month or something like that they're in houses there's some in the library over here right you got you know the world book for for kids you know later on you look at the Britannica or the Americana or what are some of the other big ones and then there's you know encyclopedias online that you can buy or Bioman cd-rom but it was it was really a revolutionary thing at the time and Voltaire earlier had actually written a or is that later on no later on he writes a philosophical dictionary right in dictionaries or writing encyclopedias at that time was a subversive act because it's not just that you're making knowledge available to people you get to write how you get to write the articles how you want them and you decide what goes into it what counts what what needs to be in there so imagine if you write an article on monarchy and you say well there are many different you know the kinds of monarchies and and then you include a paragraph on some people think that monarchy actually is not that good and probably should be replaced with something else you know or you start writing on religious topics and you say you know you didn't have to like come straight out you say some people have the idea that all these miracles that the Saints are supposed to have done those are just natural occurrences not saying I endorse that but you know some people think this is reasonable and here's the arguments that they use to explain this right so the way that you do you can also of course be very you know just report there are no miracles you know Pierre Bayle was it was a person who wrote encyclopedia entries and he would he would say stuff like that in an earlier time so putting together an encyclopedia like this is a big deal it's a lot of work right but it's also something that makes it possible for people to have a common vocabulary and imagine a different a different world and discuss it with each other it provides a basis so Rousseau will write some entries for for the encyclopedia so will a whole bunch of other people as well coming back to Rousseau he writes a comedy called narcissus or the self admirer which in some ways could be you know the disguise of the autobiographical right because I think he's a little bit narcissistic and then he composes an opera now this is a really kind of curious thing so his opera gets performed for the King Louis the 15th who sometimes called Louie the beloved people liked Louie the 15th things were you know there were a lot of things that were screwed up in his reign but for the most part the people tended to like him the first part of his reign actually there were two sort of competing figures because he's crowned king when he's five years old so obviously you can't rule the duke of or early on is the regent for a while and then you've got this guy the cardinal de Fleury who becomes quite important as well and anyway the you know being having a thing performed for the king well that'd be like having your opera performed for the president all right and then the King offers him a pension basically saying I'll set you up for life you can just you know do your thing and you're obviously very talented and Rousseau refuses he turns it down and everyone's like what the hell is wrong with you you know and it was partly because he wanted to maintain independence and eventually he's going to return to Geneva and and it becomes a Calvinist again and then he in 1755 there's two important discourses that come up one of which he writes for another prize competition doesn't win it that's the discourse on the origin and basis of inequality among men that's what I typically teach in which these handouts are are drawn from and then the discourse on political economy he gets involved with another woman the Madame de d'Epinay who's who's fascinated with him she has a cottage you know set up for him that he calls The Hermitage out in the countryside and then he falls in love with this woman the Sophie do notes and that leads to a quarrel with with Madame d'epinay and Diderot and Grimm about you know what's going on Rousseau is a person who gets into quite a few conflicts of that sort and eventually he leaves and he starts you know traveling around again then he writes Julie or the new Eloise and that one you know his other things that made him some some money make some money printing things out Julie made a lot of money for him as did a meal or on education as well which comes out the next year as well as what's considered to be one of his most important political works of the social contract and we're going to talk about one of the key ideas from that that in part leads to the french revolution and also gets Rousseau vilified as a proto-fascist later on called the general will now around this time there there's going to be more crackdowns and the Encyclopaedia the the permission to publish it is revoked they continue publishing it in secret they claim that it's being published in Switzerland when it's actually being published in France because in Switzerland the threat the French you know Parliament and King and clergy can't touch you but in you know if you're publishing it in France then you can get in a lot of trouble meanwhile the the Parlement of Paris and the Parliament is is the nobles right the Parliament condemns Rousseau's book and meal and they make out a warrant for his arrest Volterra actually offers him refuge but Rousseau doesn't take in his offer up he flees to Baron in Switzerland and then after the Baron waz tell him you need to get the hell out of here we don't want you here he goes to noise Chatel which at that time I'd mentioned there was a connection between Prussia and Switzerland so noise should tell is actually ruled by Frederick the Great at that time there were there are quite a few little patchwork things all over Europe where like this this monarch would have liked this little province here and so the fact that it's it's ruled by frederik means that russo can get some refuge there he eventually relocates to this other place that yield a sump here than to Strasbourg and then he goes to England and in England he he was going at the the the invitation of David Hume who's a very important philosopher today less known for philosophy at that time more known for his historical work and for his literary and artistic criticism and and he's tied into the whole bunch of intellectuals you know and through that you know Rousseau is reunited with with tourette's and then eventually he gets into a dispute with Hume and to get into a dispute with Hume you got to really be a jerk because Hume was a really really easygoing guy you you you know we've all got like friends who'll put up with just about anything and you know they always look on the better side right well that's Hume and and Rousseau you know managed to even get on Humes nerves and he also starts writing the confessions at that time and and Rousseau is a big enough name that Hume is actually quite worried that he's going to show up in the confessions which is gonna be a tell-all you know and that it'll make him look bad so there's that that whole affair going on he goes back to France under an assumed name and begins suffering from some severe paranoia and anxiety starts moving around sometimes with tourists sometimes not eventually he marries her but he marries her under a false name so it's an invalid ceremony he finishes his confessions in 1769 but he doesn't publish them at that time as a matter of fact they're not going to published during his lifetime what he does with them is he goes around and does public readings sort of like you know we we have that at bookstores today right an author will come in and they go to Boswell's you know you drive downtown and and well Upper East Side right and you go there and and they're sitting there and they've got their chair and you know they read a chapter or something and they got their books for sale in the back and then you know people come up and they say ha you're so wonderful and you know or you know what were you doing in this chapter or they they asked you know the really questions that they think nobody's ever asked where do you get your ideas from right and Mme author you know gets out of there after about an hour and a half after selling ten books or something so every Souls readings were not like that it was quite common back then to have readings of books and one person who recounts Rousseau's confessions readings but I'm laughing is that thinking about this he says you know I was used to like going in and listening to a reading for six hours or so this was fourteen hours and and then here's the kicker you know it was very long but but it was really such a wonderful work that the time just flew by can you imagine sitting there for 14 hours listening to this guy reeve his book and recount his life and tell you his thoughts on things Minoo I have a hard time picturing that I don't you know I've had days where I had to teach nine hours we're had you know lecture and discuss things for for nine hours during the day and by the end of that day my vocal cords you know because whoa cool chords are really muscles they would be sore and swollen and I could barely speak at all it's like when a person has laryngitis and I I'd be like drinking tea and you know using Ricola all day long - as well I can't picture doing that for 14 hours you know and he did that four times the thing that brings it to an end is the Madame Madame de d'Epinay who figures as a character in there Suze because she doesn't like we're so airing her dirty laundry these public readings so that puts the end to that and he you know he gets involved in a few more political writings a constitutional project for Corsica considerations on the government of Poland in 1776 you know the year of our our revolution which really begins in 1755 but you know gets gets gets really going he he gets injured he gets knocked down by this Great Dane there's actually like a carriage coming and a Great Dane and to get out of the way of the carriage he gets in the way of the Great Dane and it knocks him down and he has a concussion and people who read about it think that he probably had neurological damage as well because there were there are some other things going on after that he's gonna die two years later of cerebral bleeding after a stroke so that probably factored into that he was never really you know up to things after that but you notice that some of those things are getting published later so the essay on the origin of languages another really important work when you put it together with these other discourses because it fits into his picture of how human beings develop and then the confessions finally gets published as well as dialogues Rousseau judge of jean-jacques which is not just an autobiography but a vindication right he's saying I get to be the judge of myself and then reveries of a solitary Walker is another one of his works as well and so you know not too long after that 1789 so seven years after confessions are published eleven years after Rousseau is is dead the French Revolution begins and the French Revolution is going to draw on some of Rousseau's key ideas and as we were talking about before not in a coherent way not not like they you know had a you know Oliver Soze books together in one volume and they're like you've got to read this stuff it's more like we like this idea from Rousseau the rest of it forget about it well we'll figure that out as we go along because you know the French Revolution is it's not just like one one thing it's all these different people that cross-purposes and and you know some of them guillotine each other for not being radical enough and then some of them get guillotine for not being radical enough and and it leads them to a terror eventually you know there's they have to restore order and Napoleon comes out on top after quite a lot of mess so before we go into some of his key ideas I've talked quite a while at you and any questions or comments or clarifications or concerns no so I want to be mindful of our time too so I'll just tell you about a few of the big ideas one is that Rousseau thinks that as I mentioned human beings evolve we we start out in a state of nature but we're not in a state of nature and when we do these imaginations of well what would it be like if we took away society like we do in some movies or some TV shows you know these zombie shows that have been around for an hour like 10 years like Walking Dead you know we have a there's a terrible thing that happens what would human beings be like if the electricity failed and we're back in a brutal condition what's that yeah Lord of the Flies is an imagination although those are kids you know and in a way Lord of the Flies is sort of like sticking it to the people who are like yeah kids are innocent they they they're all nice they're logical everything yeah so Russo's view is that in our natural state we're not really we're not bad like that as a matter of fact we're not even very developed we don't have language we don't have fixed habitation it takes a while for families to even evolve we do have a sort of primitive sense of sympathy when we see a wounded member of our own species you see this with other animals too though you know like water buffaloes will come and get the water buffalo that the rocket aisle hands and step on the crocodiles head or go after the the lion that's you know got one of those wildebeests or things like that and as we start to develop we get more and more complex and we get further away from the primitive whether he calls them savages they're the beginning State for human beings is savagery and so think about like doesn't really you know unorganized hunter-gatherer groups and then we we start to because of developing certain technologies which include language but also include agriculture and metallurgy and social organization we begin to develop and evolve as as a species and again not in terms of our genetics in terms of our culture I mean physically we're not as we're not as Hardy and we're not as you know pain resistant as primitive people are but that's just because we grew up soft right and so as things start to get more and more complex we get into a state that he calls barbarism and in barbarism we have like almost the full panoply of human emotions developed that weren't there originally we start to measure ourselves against each other an awful lot we start to become very insistent on our rights and enforcing them through justice largely through revenge scaring off other people from messing with us we get very interested in where we fit into the social hierarchy we don't yet have a very well-developed political system and laws it's sort of up to you know whoever's got the power to enforce this on others and we start to lose some of that primitive sense of compassion or sympathy you know it becomes much more selective we care about those who are close to us and screw everybody else right that's the way he depicts human beings that's actually probably Rousseau gets pictured as if he thinks that savagery is the thing but I think he really thinks barbarism is actually better in many respects because you got more going on and and it's a lot more interesting then we get civilization and and most thinkers you know frame civilization is a really good thing right we're soul thinks it's a catastrophe but a necessary catastrophe that has to develop out of this because you know when you live in a situation of barbarism people screw each other over and sooner or later people are like this you know things are too unreliable we need to have some order here who can produce some order and then Rousseau says he's got a couple different you know like narrative stories for how this happens but one of them is the rich hoodwink the poor by saying we're gonna have a social contract and in this contract everybody's gonna keep their hands off of everybody else's stuff and they'll be like an authority to enforce this we'll call them the magistrate will give them power and say you know you can find people or kill them or put them in jail or you know do stuff make them labor if they if they won't keep their hands off other people's stuff or if they kill other people or they do other things that they're not supposed to do and you know we'll elect some people to do this and and so they they pick people originally on the basis of what Rousseau calls virtue and you know virtue means like moral goodness so you know when you put together your Fantasy Island let's call it you pick the person who you think is the most reliable or the most just what else would we want them to have you know incorruptible right and you establish them now Rousseau is very realistic at least about this it's not going to stay that way for very long because there's other ways that we distinguish ourselves against each other that are going to inevitably start to dominate so originally it could be like you know the virtuous versus the the vicious or the non virtuous let the virtuous be in charge the vicious should should obey but it starts to become a matter of rich and poor or powerful and we or those who have high social status and those who have low social status and as it turns out if you got enough money you can buy yourself power you can buy yourself social status right yeah and if you're poor you're kind of screwed you know or if you're if you're strong you can use that to get yourself more social status or to get yourself you know rich and strong politically right getting getting to be in power and so new elites come to be and these elites are generally based not on virtue but on all these other things so the rich you know come to think that they deserve to rule and that society makes perfect sense and Rousseau identifies the key characteristic of human beings that other people have pointed out to that I think is quite true and in many respects he says why would somebody accept being in a lower position in the hierarchy I mean it's just they don't have the guts to stand up for themselves what would be the motive that would justify being like in a middle position having to shine somebody else's boots you know put up with their put up with a noble person or the rich person's nonsense what would it be it's not just being cowardly so security that that's one thing that's not the one thing that he points out though maybe you're all too good you know to relate to this you get to kick the person who's below you so long as you're not at the bottom of the hierarchy you're okay being at that middle part because you get to lord it over that poor bastard down there you know now the guy on the very bottom okay he doesn't I guess he can you know kick the the cockroach or something like that but Rousseau thinks that this is this is what society becomes and civilization becomes more and more corrupting and so if you have that point of view then really the best thing to do is to get away from the corrupting influences of civilization but that's kind of a you know it's kind of a tough thing to do because civilization all so means all these things that we like right like you know being relatively clean and you think about our day if somebody was to say to you this civilization that we live in this is this is all degenerate and corrupt we should get the hell away from this I bought an island where we can all live in savagery you know you're gonna have to leave your cell phone behind what else would we have to you know you're gonna live in these huts and you're gonna catch fish with Spears and it's gonna be a good life you know we've got fire we've got metal and if you have any problems with the guy next to you well you know beat him up and if he has problems with you he'll beat you up so you'll all be nice to each other or or you won't I think a lot of us would be like you know we might feel like yeah that sounds great and we're there for a weekend and then we're like oh man I got to get back to civilization and and you know this Rousseau Ian motif this goes through all the way into the 1960s because people like the hippies read Rousseau and they're like yeah we should get back to this sort of thing this isn't actually be quite good you know yeah and you know within a calm you know how do you settle disputes well you know you can have like everybody get together and vote or you could have people punch each other in the nose you know and settle things that way it's not nonviolent but you know it does hopefully put an end to things another issue that he was really concerned with was I mentioned the general will so Rousseau thinks that there's different kinds of freedom there's you know the freedom that we have in the state of nature you can do anything you like but there's almost nothing to do other than eat and drink and sleep and try not to get eaten by something else and then there's the freedom that you have is a creature who has become intelligent enough to give him or herself rules to live by and impose those rules upon yourself and that's kind of sort of leading in the direction of eventually a manual conte and this notion of autonomy then we have civil or political freedom as well and that you know involves our rights to do certain things but those can be crimped by something that he calls the general will and the general will is not as he says the will of everybody all put together like if we vote you know in a democracy so none of our presidents have really been elected by the general will instead it's it's this sort of much more you could say substantive notion of something that would really it would be a will it would be something that makes rules makes decisions for the good of the totality and so it's not just you know this group who's in who's got you know 51% decides things it's supposed to be more of a consensus and here's where you know that sounds pretty good but here's where it gets a little bit dangerous Rousseau says that sometimes you have to be forced to be free and what that means is you know generally all of us are because we have you know we're self-centered we're gonna be not in full accordance with the general will some of us will actually be out of accordance with the general will if we were really being rational we would see that the best thing for us is to be in accordance with the general will and the general will should take priority over our own selfish interests so given that when we're being crushed beneath the general well because we don't want to do it it wants us to do through its representatives were just being forced to be free we're just being forced to actually live up to the the rational requirements of what it means to be a human being in a society now I think you can see very quickly where this can be abused if I'm in charge and I'm the magistrate I represent the general will so what if you got on my bad side because we had a personality conflict might be tempting for me to say you know those people they're they they may talk a good game but they're really not in the coordinates with the general will guillotine them you know or certain classes of people you know oh you know those those peasants this happened a lot in the French Revolution there really you know quite backwards they still believe in in in you know the Christian religion not in the proper deism or atheism of the religion of the revolution they don't want to let their kids go to public school because they say they have to be out in the fields that's guillotine amore we don't another popular way of killing people in the countryside was let's put them on barges chain them to the barges and then sink the barges there's a lot if people have actually talked about trying to view this I don't think it's all that plausible but you know there's an argument there as a type of genocide that was carried out during the French Revolution against people in in the country and so this this notion of the general will in the hands of somebody like Robespierre it could become a very dangerous idea and that is that is indeed what happened to it Rousseau didn't think that his that's one of the big problems isn't that I mean practically speaking you know what you know so the only people that are going to talk in terms of the general will are pretty much the revolutionaries who are influenced by Rousseau you're not going to see the nobility or the the king or any of the people who are who are against the revolution talking about the general will and then they're gonna argue amongst themselves about what the general will really requires and you know Rousseau pictures it is like this kind of hashing out process involving argument and dialogue between the citizens although you do have you know the manager who's supposed to be enforcing the general will and sometimes they'd have to act once once you've got like a crisis mentality you know I mean if you think about what happens in the French Revolution so they you know in the early stages they take over Paris they start you know imprisoning sometimes beating sometimes killing the nobles some of the clergy people who are viewed as being in line with them and then they're the the reaction of the outside world is we got to crush this you know this this has got to end this is no good because we don't want that sort of thing happening over here as well right so they're there they're faced with almost like you know sort of an alliance or coalition of everybody else against them it's really easy to get into this we're on the right side of history we've got to save the revolution we've gotta gotta act now sort of mentality and I think that turns deliberations about the general will more into whoever is able to to make the case at the time that they're there representing the general will they get to decide and and in the revolution it like you know it's slipping from one person's hands to the next so like you could be the guy who's on top this month but I'm gunning for you and I find some way to show that you're not a true revolutionary and now you're gonna be beheaded and now I'm going to be the general will guy for a while I mean it's really not a very practical notion I think it's very powerful notion though and and there is something really good behind it you know it's it's supposed to be motivating us to act and set things up in accordance with a common good not just not just our own selfish interests but it's so easy to it's a mistake our own interests or something like them for the common good isn't it you know especially when we know we're doing it on the scale of a nation that's another point I was going to make to Rousseau didn't think that his theories would work for France they really wouldn't work that well for any big country like that you need something more like a Swiss canton a small place where you can have a republic and everybody knows each other and they can you know it's it's not subject to so much manipulation I don't think that he thought his ideas would work for a place like this either I mean if you think about our politics even here at the local level it's practically impossible to meet all your constituents you know well you know great example in Milwaukee you know we have the mayor right so the mayor is a very important figure and then we have the county commissioner the county commissioner he's not from here he's actually from somewhere out east I don't know New Hampshire or Boston or something like that christabella he's just a manager type who happened to have God himself you know over here and made a case for why he should be elected and he keeps getting elected what's that yeah well that that certainly doesn't hurt and from a resilient perspective you know there's nothing surprising about rich people spending their money on getting political office because then they can use that to enrich themselves I don't know how to belly yes but but you know he's from a Russo Ian's perspective there's no no way he should be in charge of Milwaukee County should be somebody who's from Milwaukee but even Milwaukee County it's it's too big of an entity I mean think about how many people live there we don't all know each other even if we all got in the same Facebook group it would just be a calm you couldn't read it right there'd be so many different threads so you know Rousseau's ideas are not all that practical for big countries like ours and and I don't think he would have thought he probably would have liked the French Revolution in some respects but I don't think he would have been very optimistic about it you know being able to really enforce things but they did try to put into effect some of his ideas one of the things that he wanted to see was a new educational system and they decided public education is the way to go and they look to a meal as sort of a guidebook for that they drew the ire of Mary Wollstonecraft because they wanted the public education to be just for men and domestic education for women which meant basically depriving them of depriving women of the rights of man right after Wollstonecraft had written a vindication of the rights of man defending the revolution against Burke she has to write a vindication of the rights of women against the French Revolution Education Ministry who are you know drying on Rousseau and she attacks Rousseau very heavily in that work in part because we so had some pretty what would you call him pretty retrograde concepts of male-female relationships and what women were capable of so you know that there was another sort of contradiction in his life you know he becomes this romantic figure again we're talking about these these contradictions and in his life and thought I don't think that when it comes down to it you can actually take all of Rousseau's ideas and cram them together in one systematic whole that that actually works there's there's gonna be some junctures where you're like well you got to pick this or you got to pick this or reject them both well that's a good that's a good question I mean yeah so there are there are thinkers who who are like that where it is a progression with Rousseau I don't think you can I don't think you can explain it away that way there there are some sometimes even within the same work you can be like this is an interesting stuff but you you just it doesn't all fit you know like the social contract I think is one like that I think it's I think it's because we're so he had a lot of ideas that he's working with and in in some respects he's a deeper thinker than many of the other enlightenment philosophers of the time but there's something kind of undisciplined about him well there were I mean there were a lot of French people who were quite self disciplined at the time Rousseau just wasn't one of them you know he wasn't disciplined in his love life it wasn't disciplined in his personal life he's not all that disciplined in his writings there's a lot of rhetoric mixed in and it doesn't that really doesn't need to be there in some places that sometimes I think the tracks a bit from you know you get cool phrases like you know man everywhere is free men everywhere it was born free but he is in Chains right or you know sometimes you have to be forced to be free but a lot of times if you look at the rhetoric can you pick it apart you know it's sort of like pulling at you know those those puzzles that are all these different threads together and they at the end it's you're like what the hell's here you know the more substantive ideas are better I'd say but even those you know he's you know his notion that our sentiments or our emotional life has developed over time I think that's a really great insight other thinkers you know like Nietzsche coming after him share similar insights and I think go further than Rousseau but Rousseau is still you know he's got some great observations here and there about that I mean what else is there to say about his ideas and in particular I mean I don't I don't have too much else that I had planned to go over but I will say this he gets from some places he gets a really bad rap as being like a because of the general will being a like proto-fascist being a totalitarian and I don't think that's that's deserved I think was so if you were to look at like you know 1930s fascism I don't think he would say yes this is this is exactly what I had in mind but I don't think he actually offers us workable solutions in the end I think it's more that he helps us formulate problems which he then doesn't doesn't completely solve but he's probably more on track and realistic about human nature than many of the other enlightenment philosophers were because he takes account of our are bad or a corrupt side without without necessarily bringing in you know Christian notions of like original sin or stuff like that he tries to explain how it is that we could we could go bad and I think that's something that we do have to take into account if we want to be realistic about about the situations that we we find ourselves in right so that that's all I've I've got but you know do you have questions or other things you want to kick around where do you think he comes down politically no I mean socialism can mean a lot of different things if we mean something like state control of the economy directing economic enterprises to try to realize a sort of general level of well-being among citizens I think he could get behind that but he'd be he'd be one of the guys who like like Solzhenitsyn who would be saying yeah this sounds really great it's too bad that a bunch of ruthless bastards always seem to take it over you know and then start throwing people in camps you know but but you know is that worse than having a king in charge who basically runs things to the benefit of the court and part you know it's part of the middle class and exploits the peasantry or I think he'd probably be more for that but you know ideally ideally you'd want to have like a small state and like I said that where everybody knows everybody you'd want people to be as independent as possible so something like closer like Jeffersonian yeoman farmers you know where we all have our little plot of land and we trade with each other and stay out of each other's business as much as possible but you know walk to our city center every month or so to debate and vote on stuff that's that's what he sort of had in mind but I mean where do you ever see that happening other than a few places like Swiss cantons that does actually happen sometimes although even though keep those can be corrupted yeah like consolidate on the prot yet and Prussia yeah yeah you know Milwaukee at one time was a bunch of little settlements and they were kind of like city-states and their I don't know if you know the history of Milwaukee but some of them would be actually getting into conflicts with each other there was a war over bridges and it was between what we now call West town in East town and one of them was June oval and the other one but somebody else whose name is in the streets they were named after the guys and then there was like another settlement further up and they got into a they got into a shooting war all over the bridges and and whether the bridges were being used to direct commerce to one side or the other side of the river and at one point in time the people on the the west side came over and destroyed one of the bridges and then this is all before Wisconsin became a state you know and then you know they retaliated and masoor tort of like we're so Yin city-states it doesn't always work out great because city-states will get into rivalries with each other over dumb stuff if you think about like medieval towns they you know people from one town over would just hate hate the guts out of the people from the next town over and every once in a while would like go and go into their territory with clubs and beat up some people and then come back and beat him up so I don't know that that Rousseau in communities actually the way to go you know he's certainly an interesting figure you know and any fits you know he fits into his time really well because if you think about what was going on there's all these proposals for how are we gonna fix things because it's clear that there's all these problems and they're not being solved well and conflicts and people are starving and so there's all these different ideas about you know how we should fix things and some of them actually get tried and none of them ever seem to really work out and make people happy well that's pretty resilient you know maybe then the alternative is maybe we should go back to savagery but then that doesn't seem to work out too great for me think about the the condition of women in insanitary terrible you know they're exploited this is a point that Wolf's don't grab me she's like Rousseau you're too quick to like dismiss civilization were naturally civilized yet because women are still being forced into all these subservient positions you know so that even like the you know the guy who really doesn't have much to offer can at least think he's better than women true civilization hasn't actually been been reached yet so who are you or so to complain about it you know you're you're jumping the gun instead of going back to savagery so yeah I remember so somebody who's kind of hard to bring to a good conclusion I think so do you have any other questions comments

  Top Comments:
  1. @thehatofwin [12 likes]: Please please keep doing this series of lectures, you've produced some of your best videos through these talks.
  2. @Retrogamer71 [6 likes]: 24:40 Rousseau's life

39:00 Production of works

42:25 Hume and dispute
  3. @noname_whatsoever [4 likes]: You're a natural storyteller, doc. It's always a pleasure to listen to these!
  4. @a.c.startalkradio8880: I just recently found out that this man Jean J Rousseau is my 7th removed grandfather. I’m a black man in New Jersey. Life is such trip.
  5. @mohdzulk9714: Great love from Pakistan
  6. @austintillman8297: Just finished watching. Thanks for another great video!

- The Savage Truth: Rousseau on the Origins of Inequality (Rousseau, Pt. 3): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody. Professor Bar is here, associate professor of history at Arizona State University. Welcome to Foundations of Western Political Thought, part three of Jeanjac Rouso. Today we're going to take a look at his second discourse on the origins of inequality. If you haven't seen the previous videos on Rouso, go ahead and do so. I'm going to begin with a quote from Voltater Rouso's contemporary. And this quotation comes from an essay that Voltater authored a year before Rouso's second discourse. Take a look at this. History in general is a collection of crimes, follyies, and misfortunes among which we have now and then met with a few virtues and some happy times as we sometimes see a few scattered huts in a barren desert. As nature has placed in the heart of man interest meaning selfishness, pride and all the passions. It is no wonder that during a period of about six centuries we meet with almost a continual succession of crimes and disasters. If we go back to earlier ages, we shall find them no better. custom has ordered it so that evil has everywhere operated in a different manner. Voltater in the year 1754 notes how he puts the responsibility on nature. Nature has placed these vices in the heart of man. It's it's inherent in our nature. And if you go back to the earlier stages, you're gonna find the same problems. Well, in Rouso's discourse on the origin of inequalities, sometimes known simply as the second discourse, Rouso will present a radically different explanation and account of human development through history and will argue first that man in the state of nature Yes, he was primitive, but he was happy, healthy, good, and free. So, you go back to the earliest stages, Russo says, and you don't find all the vices as as Voltater alleged. No, you find a happy, good, and free state of human nature. So, what is to blame for evil? What is who is responsible for all the vices and the all the oppression that we see around us? It is society. Rous said Russo says society is to blame for human vices and for unnatural inequalities. And the first fatal step from this primitive and yet happy, healthy, good and free state of nature to society and all the problems that come with it. The first fatal step was the introduction of private property. Private property, Rouso says, was the source, the origin of the fall, the fall of man from this state of nature to this corrupt society. And then civil government arose not as a a means to control or or to uh subdue sin and vice and all the depravity of man. No, civil government essentially Russo says arose as a conspiracy of the rich and the powerful to protect themselves to to arandise their own wealth, their own power. And so essentially what you have here Russo says is a fraudulent social contract. The second discourse and like the first discourse Rouso authored this essay for an essay contest with the Academy of Djon. And here was the prompt. What is the origin of the inequality among men and is it justified by natural law? So begins the essay and in the preface and we'll just look at excerpts today but again we'll examine closely. The most useful and least improved of all human studies Russo says is in my opinion that of man. I therefore consider the subject of this discourse as one of the most interesting questions philosophy can propose and unhappily for us one of the most naughty that philosophers can labor to solve. This is not an easy subject. Rouso says for how is it possible to know the source of the inequality among men without knowing men themselves. One of the purposes of this essay, Rouso says, "We don't really understand natural man. We think we know natural man. We do not. We know man in society." Rouso says, "I want to know natural man." This is difficult. Rouso says, "How shall we man be able to see himself such as nature formed him in spite of all the alterations which a long succession of years and events must have produced in his original constitution? We are so far so distant from natural man that it is difficult to to see him for who he is." to consider human society with a calm and disinterested eye. It seems at first sight to show us nothing but the violence of the powerful and the oppression of the weak. You recall the the quotation from Voltater. You just look at history and they're like, "Well, obviously human nature at its core, yes, there's beauty and intellect and of course, but there's also just this innate corruption, this innate depravity about man." Rouso says, "Yes, at first glance it would seem that way. It is only by taking a nearer survey of them, Russo says, and by removing the dust in the sand that surround and disguise the edifice that we can finally perceive the unshakable basis upon which it stands, these human establishments, and learn to respect its foundations. Rouso is going to he's going to go on that journey. I want to find original natural man. And Russo believes that he has found it. But first we have to define our terms. What do we what do we mean by inequality? And Russo says there are two types of inequality. One is natural inequality. The other is uh unnatural inequality. What is natural inequality? Well, natural inequality includes, as Russo sees here on the you can see on the screen, age, health, strength, intellect. Russo believed it's it's just hardwired in human beings that we're not exactly equal in all of these things. For example, there's a natural inequality between men and women in in sports. It's not socially constructed. It's it's natural. And you could just come up with a legion of other examples. But there's also this other form of inequality, an unnatural inequality. And that's what Rouso is going to attempt to explain in this essay. This unnatural inequality or what Rouso refers to as political inequality. Here this depends not on on nature but Russo says quote it depends on a sort of convention or tradition and is established or at least authorized by men's consent. It consists in a different privileges which some enjoy to the prejudice of the others such as to be more wealthy, more honored, more powerful than they or even to get themselves obeyed by them. So this unnatural inequality is socially constructed. That terminology wasn't around back then, but Russo may have as well have said it. And that's what he's seeking to explain here. The philosophers Russo says who ex who have examined the foundations of society have all felt the necessity of going back as far as the state of nature, but none of them has reached it. Think of that if you follow if you follow the lectures in in this uh series we've I've posted on YouTube foundations of western political thought if you if you've kept track with it I mean look we've lock hobbs I mean this idea this theme of the state of nature it's recurring Russell says but they none of them have found it they haven't actually gone back all the Hey, they haven't gone back all the way. There are certain presumptions that the philosophers have made. Presumption number one, that natural man, original man, had a a real sense, a real notion of right versus wrong. Russo challenges that. Presumption number two that in the state of nature this original man had property rights had this understanding of of property or things that belong to him well why do we presume that Russo will also challenge that that assumption and say no in the state of nature actually those ideas weren't around others Still, Russo continues, after first granting to the stronger authority over the weaker, had government arise straight away without giving thought to the time that must have elapsed before the language of authority and of government could have meaning among men. Many of these philosophers just assume government came pretty rapidly. Russell says, "I don't think so. I think it was a long drawn out process because those the meaning of those words those words didn't exist in the vocabulary of man of original man of natural man authority government that those are foreign alien concepts to natural man and finally R says Ros Russo says all of them continually speaking of need, greed, oppression, desires and pride transferred, this is key, transferred to the state of nature ideas they had taken from society. They spoke of savage man and depicted civil man. What all these philosopher philosophers have done is they have observed man in society, civil man and then they have assumed that those vices, those crimes, those depravities must have also existed in pre-ivil man, in savage man, in original natural man. And Rouso says, "No, no, no. uh that is not the case. That is a faulty presumption. Now, in part one of this two-part essay, Rouso will endeavor to prove two points. The first, he will distinguish man from beast. What is it that uh what makes man different from animals? Rouso will answer that. Number two, Rouso in part one will assail Thomas Hobbes the Hobbesian view of the state of nature and he'll say Hobbes is incorrect that actually man in the state of nature is untainted and uncorrupted. He is far from wicked as Hobbes would have you think. So he begins by distinguishing between man and beast. He says, "I see in any animal nothing but an ingenious machine to which nature has given senses in order to wind itself up and to a point protect itself against everything that tends to destroy or to disturb it. I perceive precisely the same thing in the human machine. But with this difference in man that nature alone does everything in the operations of the animal whereas man contributes to his operations in his capacity as a free agent. The one chooses or rejects by instinct the beast the animals the other man by an act of freedom. Beasts are enslaved to their instincts. Man is a free agent. As a result, Rouso says the animal cannot deviate from the rule prescribed to it, even when it would be to its own advantage to do so. While man often deviates from the rule of nature to his detriment. Thus a pigeon was starved to death next to a bowl filled with the choicest meats, and a cat at top heaps of fruit or of grain. Although each could very well have found nourishment in the food it sustains if it had occurred to it to try some. But it's not in their instinct. That pigeon isn't going to eat that meat. The cat's not going to touch that fruit or touch that grain. And so they'd rather starve to death than to violate the rule that nature has prescribed to it. What about man? Well, man, ironically, not only will man deviate from the rule as free agent, he can deviate from the rule for good, but he can also deviate from the rule to his detriment. Dissolute or indulgent men, Russo says, will abandon themselves to excesses which bring them fever and death. man as free agent. Nature commands every animal and the beast obeys. Man experiences the same impression but recognizes himself free to acquies or to resist. And it is mainly in the consciousness of this freedom that the spirituality of his soul exhibits itself. the power of willing or rather of choosing. The beast doesn't enjoy this this power this faculty as free agent. Man does it can work to his benefit. It can work to his detriment. There's another very specific property that distinguishes man and beast. Namely, the faculty of perfecting oneself. Whereas an animal is at the end of several months what it will be for the rest of its life and its species is after a thousand years what it was in the first year of those thousand. Not so with man. We look at the history of man and look at all the improvements. It's amazing. Um there's this innate faculty of improvement of perfecting oneself owing again to man's that property of of being a free agent that the beast did not have. My wife and I recently got some chickens. We got have almost a dozen of them. It's mostly the wife and the kids will mostly deal with it, but we have a coupe and all the rest. And it's funny just watching those chickens I mean, you know, those chickens, uh, once they're a few once they're like 15 weeks old, I mean, that that's what they're going to be like the rest of their lives. And then you look at a chicken in 2025. And a chicken in 2025, the year 2025 is no different than a chicken was a thousand years ago, no different than a chicken 4,000, 5,000 years ago. Go all the way back as far as you want. Chickens haven't changed. A chicken today is like a chicken was all the way back in the times of you know Caesar Augustus and there it's the same animal just no not so with man because again man has this capacity this faculty of perfecting oneself and again that can be for good or for ill. Uh here Rouso will look at how it can be for ill. Why is man alone liable to become an imbecile? Russo says, "Is it not that he thus returns to his primitive state and that whereas the beast which has acquired nothing and also has nothing to lose always keeps its instinct, man losing through old age or other accidents, all that his perfectability had made him acquire, thus relapses lower than the beast itself. Man can improve himself to a great degree or man can just plunge into the depths of of depravity and the word here Rousel says just become an utter imbecile that perfectability ironically can also operate in the inverse and so we just see these great almost like pendulum swings in in man this distinctive and almost unlimited faculty Rouso says is the source of all of man's misery ies. It is the faculty which over the centuries causes his enlightenment and his errors, his vices and his virtues and eventually makes him his own in nature's tyrant. So having established that now Rouso sets his his sights on Thomas Hobbes. You'll remember we did a whole lecture series on Thomas Hobbes. Hobbes said the condition of man is a condition of war of everyone against everyone. That's man in a state of nature. The state of nature without Leviathan, without government, without a common power to keep them all in awe. The state of nature is one of quote continual fear and danger of violent death. In the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. Rouso says, "Hobbs, you you've got it wrong. You what you're describing," Rouso says here, is man in society. Rouso says, "Above all, let us not conclude with Hobbes that because natural man has no idea of goodness, man is naturally wicked, that he is vicious because he does not know virtue, that he always refuses to those of his kind services which he does not believe he owes them, or that by virtue of the right which he with reason assigns himself to the things he needs, he insanely imagines himself to be the sole owner of the entire universe." that that was not man. Those are things that arose out of society. What Hobbes should have said was that quote since the state of nature is the state in which the care for our own preservation is least pre prejuditial to the self-preservation of others. It follows that this state, the state of nature was the most conducive to peace and the best suited to mankind to preserve himself. Um he didn't need to dominate others. There was no need to uh to rule and oppress other people. Russo says in that state of nature and so actually far from being a nasty poor brutish and short far from that actually the state of nature was the most conducive to peace and the best suited to mankind the reason why Hobbes said the opposite Russo speculates is that because Hobbes improperly included in savage man's care for his preservation the need to satisfy a multitude of passions that are the product of society. All of these passions that that Hobb said that natural man had to satisfy, those weren't those passions did not exist in natural man. And so he felt no need to satisfy them. It was it wasn't there. Hodgees did not see that the same cause that prevents the savages from using their re reason at the same time prevents them from abusing their faculties. So that one might say that savages are not wicked precisely because they do not know what it is to be good. For it is neither the growth of enlightenment nor the curb of the law, but the calm of the passions and the ignorance of vice that keeps them from evildoing. So much more does the ignorance of vice profit these than the knowledge of virtue profits those. In other words, in this primitive state, in this state of nature, there was just there was less reason to be wicked. And and there was an ignorance of what wickedness even was. There was an ignorance of vice. There was an ignorance of evil and of evildoing. And because of that ignorance, man was better off. And because of that ignorance, man in fact in this natural state, in this savage state, was not wicked. There is besides another principle which Hobbes did not notice, Rouso says, and which having been given to man in order under certain circumstances to soften the ferociousness of his vanity or of the desire for self-preservation prior to the birth of vanity, tempers his artor for well-being with an innate repugnance to see his kind suffer. There's something in natural man. There's something innate in man. Russo says that Hobbes misses. It's a trait, a a quality of natural man that softened, tempered some of these potential passions. The ferociousness, a quality that caused natural man to to not wish to see his own kind, other men suffer. What was that quality? Pity. I speak of pity, Russo says, a virtue all the more universal and useful to man and so natural that the beasts themselves sometimes show evident signs of it. Pity. Natural man had pity. Original man in that state of nature had pity. What is pity? Well, if you look at checked out the Oxford English dictionary, here we have pity. The disposition to mercy or compassion. Mercy or compassion. Mildness. Tenderness. Tenderness and concern aroused by the suffering, distress or misfortune of another and prompting a desire for its relief, compassion, sympathy. Rouso says that man, pre-ivilized man, savage man had had pity. And Hobbes didn't see this. He's blind to it. Hobbes just assumed that they were again ambitious, power- hungry, just lustful, just wanting to acquire as much as they could. And and Rouso's What are you talking about? That that is not man in the state of nature. And what about this? Says there's plenty of evidence that natural man has pity. Even the beasts sometimes show evident signs of it. Men would never have been anything but monsters if nature had not given them pity in support of reason. From this single attribute flow all the social virtues. Here's the natural goodness of man. In some sense, man, in Rouso's telling, man in a state of nature exists completely outside of morality. He doesn't even understand. He has no knowledge of good and evil. And yet he does possess this this element, this moral goodness of of pity, this virtue, this moral virtue of pity. And from pity flow all the other social virtues. Indeed, what are generosity, clemency, humanity, if not pity applied to the weak, the guilty, or the species in general? Even benevolence and friendship properly understood are the products of a steady pity focused on a particular object. For what else is it to wish that someone not suffer than to wish that he be happy? Now this identification must clearly have been infinitely closer in the state of nature than in the state of reasoning. Natural man was closer to this virtue. This is a natural virtue. Pity. Therefore, natural man exhibited this virtue more than modern man. Reason. You're not going to get to this virtue of pity via reason. Here we see the romantic in Rouso sort of the the uh post-enlightenment era even as Rouso is writing during the enlightenment. Look at this. It is reason that engenders vanity. It is philosophy that isolates man. It is by means of philosophy that he secretly says at the sight of a suffering man, "Perish if you wish, I am safe." Natural man would see somebody suffering. Savage man sees somebody suffering. Rouso says and want just by instinct, by nature wants to help that person. It is modern man. It is civilized man. It is by means of philosophy and reason that man concocts these this excuse to not help his own. What is a philosopher? What what can we say of the philosopher? One of his kind can with impunity be murdered beneath his window. He only has to put his hands over his ears and to argue with himself a little in order to prevent nature which rebelss within him from letting him identify with the man being assassinated. Natural man wouldn't hesitate. He would go and help help his fellow man. Civilized man says not going to pay attention and excuses it. ex comes up with all these reasons. Savage man has not this admirable talent, Rouso says with some irony. And for want of wisdom and of reason, he is always seen to yield impetuously to the first sentiment of humanity. In riots and street brawls, the populace gathers, the prudent man withdraws. It is the rabble. It is the market women who separate the combatants and keep honest folk from murdering each other. Imagine Paris in 1755. You have a bunch, you know, uh, you know, some sort of riot or a street fight. The man of reason, the enlightened philosopher would just kind of sherk back and and withdraw into his own home. It's the market woman. It's the rusted peasant. That's the one who gets in there and keeps people from murdering each other because it's that person that more natural man or woman who who still has those who still uh uh respects those instincts that have been hardwired in into people. It's philosophy that separates us from it is therefore quite certain that pity is a natural sentiment which by moderating in every individual the activity of self-love contributes to the mutual preservation of the entire species. It is pity which carries us without reflection to the assistance of those we see suffer. It is pity which in the state of nature takes the place of laws, morals, and virtue with the advantage that no one is tempted to disobey its gentle voice. It is pity which will keep any sturdy savage from robbing a weak child or an infirm old man of his hard one sub subsistence if he hopes he can find his own elsewhere. It is, in a word, in this natural sentiment, pity, that one has to seek the cause of the repugnance to evildoing, which every human being would feel even independently of the maxims of education. Again, natural man was completely ignorant, Russo says, of right and wrong, of good and evil, just ignorant. Nevertheless, this natural virtue of pity operated in man and kept him from doing evil, kept him from wickedness. Although Socrates and minds of his stamp may be capable of acquiring virtue through reason, mankind would long ago have ceased to be if its preservation had depended solely on the reasonings of those who make it up. with such sluggish passions and such a salutary curb, fierce rather than wicked, and more intent on protecting themselves from the harm they might suffer than tempted to do any to others. Men were not prone to very dangerous quarrels. Yes, they wanted to protect themselves from harm and and you know would do what they needed to do to achieve that. However, they weren't tempted to do harm to others just for the sake of it. They knew not neither vanity nor consideration nor esteem nor contempt since they had not the slightest notion of thine and mine. There was no property in this day. Their disputes would seldom have led to bloodshed if they had had no more urgent object than food. Yeah, Rouso's not denying that there wasn't bloodshed, by the way, but it wasn't of the wicked type. It was just men protecting themselves from from harm. There was a certain innocence about it. It wasn't rooted in some of these passions that that Hobbes had described in Leviathan. Let us conclude part one. Rouso says that wandering in the forest without industry, without speech, without settled abode, without war and without ties, without any need of others of his kind, and without any desire to harm them, subject to few passions and self-sufficient, savage man, sensed only his true needs. His intelligence made no more progress than his vanity. There was neither education nor progress. Generations multiplied uselessly and as each one of them always started at the same point. Centuries went by and all the crudness of the first ages. The species had already grown old and man remained ever a child. And so Rousel speculates that this this was a long long epic a long era. the state of nature lasting far longer than the state of civil society that this actually this is this is man none of the other philosophers have gone back this far. Rouso says, "I have and what I have discovered is is this man in this natural state possessing this natural virtue of pity. As long as men remained satisfied with their rustic cuts, as long as they undertook such works only as a single person could finish, and stuck to such arts as did not require the joint endeavors of several hands, they lived free, healthy, honest, and happy. as much as their nature would admit free, healthy, honest, and happy. That's the state of nature. You could this completely opposite from Hobbes is poor, nasty, bru, and short or nasty, poor, bru, and short. Free, healthy, honest, and happy. What do you think in the comments below? Do you buy into this argument so far? What do you what do you make of of this account, this speculative account of human history? Is there something to it? Well, this uh Garden of Eden couldn't last long to Well, it did. Excuse me. Let me rewind. It lasted a long time, but it wasn't permanent. Couldn't last forever. Or I should have said uh man slowly through the centuries perfecting himself. And now we come to part two. Part two. The first man who having enclosed a piece of ground to whom it occurred to say this is mine and found people sufficiently simple to believe him. That man was the true founder of civil society. This is mine property. How many crimes, wars, murders, how many miseries and horrors mankind would have been spared by him who pulling up the stakes or filling in the ditch had cried out to his kind, beware of listening to impostor. The man claiming that this is mine who have put the stake in the ground. It's this land right here. It's exclusively mine. Beware of this impostor. You are lost if you forget that the fruits are everyone's and the earth no one's. The advent of private property property ended the last stage of the state of nature. And so Rouso does not believe and we see it here plainly. Rouso does not believe that property is a natural right. Property is not a natural right. Rouso rejects that lock in principle and in truth it predates lock but lock is the one who's most famous for it. Remember lock said natural rights life, liberty and property. Rouso does not believe property is a natural right. Rather property is something that arises in society and so it can't be a natural right. Uh, I've always found it interesting, of course, as many Americans have, that Jefferson altered locks that third bright life, liberty, property. Jefferson said endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That's not in an insignificant change from property. Now, I don't know for certain that Jefferson read this essay. He did read Russo. He had a copy of Rouso's social contract in his library. I suspect he probably read this essay at some point or another, but nonetheless, it's pretty uh striking. uh and and and I've argued before that in many yes Jefferson is a lock in thinker but there's definitely some Rouso in Jefferson as well. Um now to be clear um Rouso uh did not think that you know this could all just be undone and and that uh in the future we should man should eliminate private property altogether. Rouso at no point in his writings, at least his public statements ever, endorsed anything like that. There's no evidence that Rouso supported the elimination of private property. You know, what's done is done. Rouso says we need to move on and and create a new society via a proper social contract and through proper education as we see in a meal. Um, nevertheless, this critique that Rouso puts on private property, very very influential, very influential. um private property as the beginning of the fall. This is the origin of sort of the the slide downward and and it in and Rouso's uh theory here um inspired later socialists and communists who did some of whom absolutely wanted to eliminate private property. But in all likelihood, Rouso says it wasn't just like one moment, one episode and things were done. In all likelihood, things had by then reached a point where they could not continue as they were. For this idea of property, depending as it does on many prior ideas which could only arise successively, did not take shape all at once in man's mind. Much progress had to be made had to have been made. industry and enlightenment enlightenment acquired, transmitted, increased from one age to the next before this last stage of the state of nature is reached. So, you know, Russo gives this you know uh embellishes this this uh or dramatizes this episode in which a man put a stakes in a stake in the ground and then he later explains well actually this happened gradually. This happened gradually the onset of private property but it is this in which society was born. Let us therefore take up the thread earlier and try to fit this slow succession of events and of knowledge together. So now part two, Rouso will trace this development, this transition from the state of nature to society. State of nature to society and he'll begin with nassent society beginner beginning society. The earliest society what did the earliest society look like? It must be noted, Rouso says, that beginning society and the already established relations among men required in them qualities different from those they derived from their primitive constitution. Already in the earliest societies, man is changing. Different rules are now governing man. Morality was beginning to enter into human actions. The goodness suited to the pure state of nature was no longer the goodness suited to nasent society. punishments had to become more severe in proportion as the opportunities to offend became more frequent. Thus, although natural pity had already undergone some modification, this period in the development of human faculties occupying a just mean or average between the indolence of the primitive state and the petulent activity of our vanity must have been the happiest and the longest lasting epic. This is interesting. So from Rouso's vantage point, although he argues that pity operated most naturally in the in the pure state of nature, nonetheless, he says it's this beginning society in which you have a a balance between sort of that extreme primitive condition on on the one end and the other extreme of just modern man trapped and enslaved by vanity and this this constant need to to impress others and to and to seek to advance oneself at the expense of others. What was the just mean the the balance? It was this it was this era of beginning society the earliest societies and yes natural pity had by this point undergone some modification but it still operated strongly. In fact, the more one reflects on it, Rouso says, the more one finds that this state, Nassant society, was the least subject to revolutions, the best for man. This is the best state in Russo's mind. The best for man, and that he must have left it only by some fatal accident, which for the sake of the comm utility should never have occurred. really this should have been the the the resting point. Okay, this if man had just kind of stopped here said all right uh this is this is good. Now in reality because as was so explained earlier man is free agent and has this faculty of oneself. Man could not stop here. man had to had this impulse to continue to improve and advance beyond this state. The example of the savages, almost all of whom have been found at this point, seems to confirm that mankind was made always to remain in it. that this state, nassent society, beginning society is the genuine youth of the world and that all subsequent progress has been so many steps in appearance toward the perfection of the individual and in effect toward the decrepitude of the species. So, and what is he speaking of here with savages? The Native Americans is uh was probably his foremost example. And Rouso, although um if I'm not mistaken, he never used the term noble savage. That concept of noble savage originates from this idea that this was the the balance the the just mean between the two extremes of like total total state of nature, pure state of nature and modern man. Mankind was always was made always to remain in it. But he doesn't. He advances toward civil society, propertied society. So private property is introduced. Private property is introduced from the cultivation of land. Its division necessarily followed. and from property once recognized the first rules of justice necessarily followed. Oh, now you have private property. Now you need laws. All so a whole host of new rules apply that didn't exist in that state of nature. Maybe didn't even exist in the beginning society. Men begin to extend their views to the future. Oh, it's now possible to acquire possessions and to accumulate possessions. and all saw that they had some goods to lose. Property changes the whole game, the whole mindset. It is impossible to conceive the idea of nassent property in any other way than in terms of manual labor. It is labor alone which by giving the cultivator the right to the product of the land he has tilled, therefore also gives him a right to the land, at least until the harvest. And so from one year to the next, which as it makes for continual continuous possession is easily transformed into property. Here actually Rouso um seems to agree with uh Lock's labor theory of property. the labor theory of property and I have a whole video that um that I recorded last year on Lock's labor theory of property. I encourage you to watch it. Property and then um from there metallurgy and agriculture were invented. Metallergy and agriculture were the two arts whose invention produced this great revolution. It is iron and corn which have civilized men and ruined mankind. Iron and corn have civilized men and ruined mankind. The division of labor. The division of labor now in fosters competition. Competition between man and man. Neighbors now begin to compare their uh their abilities and their achievements and their property holdings one with another. Here then all our faculties developed. memory and imagination brought into play. Oh, now that we you can acquire goods and accumulate them through through through hard work and and creative skill, now your imagination begins going. Vanity increased. You're interested in things that in the state of nature you would have had no interest in, but now you're interested in them. Reason became active and the mind almost at the limit of the perfection of which it is capable. The mind's working in ways that it had not quite functioned in earlier stages. Here are all natural qualities set in action. Each man's rank and fate set not only in terms of the quantity of goods and the power to benefit or harm, but also in terms of mind, beauty, strength or skill, in terms of merit or talents. Here we're seeing differences develop between man and man. And some of these are what again at the beginning of the video were described as natural inequality. Some are stronger than others. Some are smarter than others. And those begin to to play a role in in determining rank determining uh the quantity of goods that one possesses. Some are more beautiful than others. Some have greater talents. And since these are the only qualities that could attract regard, one soon had to have them or to pretend them. This is key because in this uh new civil society, man is deeply concerned about recognition and about being esteemed by others. All of a sudden, now man's gaze is toward how how do others perceive me? So one had to have these skills, these qualities, these traits or to pretend them. This is where insincerity begins to develop. There was no insincerity in the state of nature. Now in civil society, vanity, insincerity be hypocrisy began to enter in. One soon had to have them or to pretend them for one's own advantage. One had to seem other than one in fact was. Your true self now is being suppressed, is being disguised, and you're putting on a mask because that's how you advance in this new civilized society. To be and to appear became two entirely different things. And from this distinction arose ostentatious display, deceitful cunning, and all the vices that follow in their train. Do you see now why Brusso says that Hobbes was ascribing vices that belong exclusively to civil man and wrongly ascribe those to savage man? looked at in another way, man who had previously been free and independent is now, so to speak, subjugated by a multitude of new needs. These are needs that did not exist before. Now they exist and man is subjugated by them and they are a multitude. subjugated by a multitude of new needs and especially to those of his kind whose slave he in a sense becomes even by becoming their master. E so says even the the rich and the powerful become enslaved by this system. Rich he needs their services. He he can't be rich without them. He's dependent on on those he dominates on those whom he oppresses. the poor, he needs their help. So rich and poor alike all of a sudden now are subjugated by these new needs. He therefore constantly has to try to interest them in his fate and to make them find their own profit in deed or in appearance in working for his. Everyone's trying to get take advantage of one another or to convince others to to go and league with with them for for selfish reasons for in order to advance themselves in this new society. This makes him navish and artful with some, imperious and harsh with the rest. deceit, cunning, harshness, domination. These are new and novel traits in early civil society. Finally, consuming ambition, the ardent desire to raise one's relative fortune less out of a genuine need than in order to place oneself above others. Savage Man had no need for that. Rouso says now that it's a factor. This is where you get ambition. Why did Hobbes think that existed in a state of nature? It didn't exist in a state of nature. It's part of civil society. It instills in all men a black inclination to harm one another. a secret jealousy which is all the more dangerous as it often assumes the mask of benevolence in order to strike its blow in greater safety. Everyone's trying to one up each other going stabbing other stabbing people in the back. And a word competition and rivalry on the one hand, conflict of interest on the other, and always the hidden desire to profit at another's expense. All these evils are the first effect of property and the inseparable train of nassent inequality. There you go. The origin of inequality. What is it? It's property. Riches before the invention of signs to represent them, money. Could scarce consist in anything but lands and cattle? But when estates increased so much in number and in extent as to take in whole take in whole regions and touch each other, it became impossible for one man to arrandise himself but at the expense of of some other. And the majority of inhabitants who were too weak or too indolent to make such acquisitions in their turn were obliged to receive or force their subsistence from the hands of the rich and hence began to flow according to the different characters of each domination and slavery or violence and rapping. You have poor who are just trying to in the in the midst of this competition are unable to compete with the the mighty and the powerful and and so they try to plunder the rich. So the rich in a way were endangered by this because the the great masses who are in need of subsistence are are compelled to uh to seek to plunder plunder the the uh property owners. So it's just chaos. It's chaos. This is sort of akin to what Hobbes was describing. Okay, this state of war. This right here. There it is. A war of all against all. War of everyone against everyone. Now, we finally reached it. But note, it's not the state of nature. This is society. And it's it's leading to total chaos for rich and poor alike. The rich aren't doing well in this either. They're at in constant fear of of being uh attacked for their wealth. Thus, as the most powerful or the most miserable claimed on the basis of their strength or of their needs a kind of right to another's goods, the breakdown of equality was followed by the most frightful disorder. Thus, a usurpations of the rich, the banditry of the poor, the unbridled passions of all, stifling natural pity. See now now that natural virtue is it's been it's it's no longer in operation like it used to be and the still weak voice of justice made men greedy, ambitious, and wicked. Now we've arrived at that stage. A perpetual conflict arose between the right of the stronger and the right of the first occupant which ended only in fights and murders. NASA and society gave way to the most horrible state of war. War of all against all mankind debased and devastated, no longer able to turn back or to renounce its wretched acquisitions and working only to its shame by the abuse of the faculties that do it honor brought itself to the brink of ruin. After all this time, all this development over human history, the great bulk of which was peaceful until until that fateful that faithful choice, the advent of property now brought humanity is brought to the brink of ruin. The rich above all must soon have sensed how disad disadvantageous to them was a perpetual war of which they alone bore the full cost. You know the poor had nothing to lose in this. The rich had everything to lose in this state of war of all against all in which everyone risked his life while only some while while only some also risk goods. They realize that is the rich well enough that they were only based on a precarious and abusive right. Again going back to this idea of Rouso that there is no natural right to property. They had no natural right to these possessions and that since they had been acquired solely by force, force could deprive them of that property without there having any reason for complaint. So the property was acquired by force. Rouso says again you see the influence on socialism later. Again Rouso is not a socialist. However you see how the the influence the origin of property Rouso says is based on force. It's it's not legitimate actually. And uh because of that force could also deprive the property owner of that property and they would have no reason to complain. Even those whom industriousness alone had enriched could scarcely base their property on better titles. Yeah, you you you may say, well, I I worked hard for my property. I earned it. I didn't steal it from others. I didn't use force. So it says, no, you still don't have a natural right to it. You still don't have a natural right. Property is not a natural right. No matter if they said, "It is I who built this wall. I earned this plot by my labor." Well, who set its boundaries for you? They could be answered. Do you not know that a great many of your brothers perish or suffer from need for what you have in excess? and that you required the express and unanimous consent of mankind to appropriate for yourself anything from the common subsistence above and beyond your own. Boy, Russo just really takes a cudgel to uh this notion of private property. Um for the record, I disagree very much uh with this explanation of private property. My view of property is very um closely aligned with locks. Again, watch that video I recorded last year. Lock on the labor theory of property. I think Lockach makes a pretty darn convincing case for a natural right in property. And so I'm I'm on team lock in this. But here's this, you know, here's Rouso. It's not legitimate. It's not legitimate. It required the express and look at that and unanimous consent of mankind in order to appropriate for yourself this property especially while others perish or suffer from need. You have excess. You You have You have the the the means and others don't have are suffering. Again, that natural virtue of pity. But Rouso says that natural virtue of pity is no longer in operation because we're no longer in a state of nature. By the way, please comment below. Comment below. Libertarians, comment away. Go for it. Defend the right of private property against Russo. Uh, progressives, socialists, I know some of you are watching. Uh, comment below and defend Rouso. Defend it. It's an interesting question. Uh, this question is property a natural right? And and Rouso takes a very definite stance in the negative. lacking valid reasons to justify and and also lacking sufficient strength to defend himself because here's this landowner, this uh property owner, and he's surrounded by bandits, crushed by troops of bandits in this war of all against all and unable because of their mutual jealousies to unite with his equals against enemies united by the common hope of plunder. It's just he's unable because he has this competition with other property owners and then meanwhile there's the the masses who are rising up against against them. The rich under the pressure of necessity at last conceived the most well-considered project ever to enter man's mind. Well, what is this? What is what what's coming next? What are the rich going to do? How are they going to survive this war of all against all after exhibiting to his neighbors the horror of a situation which armed all of them against one another, made their possessions as burdensome to them as their needs, and in which no one found safety and neither poverty or wealth? Nobody's safe here. The poor aren't safe. The rich aren't safe. He easily invented. This is the rich man. Easily invented specious reasons to bring them over to his purpose. Oh, here comes the deceit. The cunning. Let us unite, he told them. to protect the weak from oppression, restrain the ambitious, and secure for everyone the possession of what belongs to him. Let us institute regulations of justice and of peace, to which all are obliged to conform, which favor no one, and which in a way make up for the vagaries of fortune by subjecting the powerful and the weak alike to mutual duties. In a word, instead of turning our forces against ourselves, let us gather them into a supreme power. Leviathan. Leviathan that might govern us according to wise laws, protect and defend all the members of the association, repulse common enemies, and keep us in eternal concord. This right here is the birth of the state. The state. It's a fraudulent social contract. One based on deceit. A conspiracy of the rich to preserve themselves and their privilege. safeguarding it against revolt, against plunder, and uh and preserving themselves. Much less than the equivalent of this discourse was needed to sway crude, easily seduce men who, in any event, had too much business to sort out among themselves to be able to do without arbiters, and too much greed and ambition to be able to do for long for long without masters. So again, Russo here like the early example example of the man who put the steak in the ground, you know, this dramatized event. Russo says, "Look, you know, in reality, it wasn't just this one discourse that did it. It was this was sort of evolved in this direction. All ran toward their chains in the belief that they were securing their freedom. For a while they had enough reason to sense the advantages of a political establishment. They had not enough experience to foresee its dangers. They didn't foresee how this how the state civil government would be abused and would be used by the rich and the powerful by the privileged by those who benefit from unnatural inequality to preserve their privilege to preserve their unnatural gains and to dominate others. They there was no experience from the past to allow them to foresee dangers and those most capable of anticipating the abuses were precisely those who counted on profiting from them in that interesting. So there there were men who could possibly proceed abuses but those are the ones who are are aiming to to participate in that abuse. And even the wise saw that they had to make up their mind to sacrifice one part of their freedom to preserve the other as a wounded man has his arm cut off to save the rest of his body. There's your social contract. Such was or must have been the origin of society and of laws which gave the weak new fedters and the rich new forces. irreversibly destroyed natural freedom. Forever fixed the law of property and inequality. Transformed a skillful usurppation into an irrevocable right as property. and for the pro for the profit of a few ambitious men henceforth subjugated the whole of mankind to labor, servitude, and misery. There's your origin of inequality. Societies once formed in this manner soon multiplied and spread to such a degree as to cover the face of the earth. And you fast forward all these centuries a millennia later and here we are in the 21st century. The discourse on the origin of Well, returning to Voltater, Voltater received a copy of this essay and he replied to Rouso in a letter written August 30th, 1755. I have received, sir, your new book, Against the Human Species. No one has ever been so witty as you are in trying to turn us into brutes. to read your book makes one long to go on all fours. Since however it is now some 60 years since I gave up the practice, I feel that it is unfortunately impossible for me to resume it. You gota admire the wit of Voltater who is you know some he was in I think he was he was uh he was around 60 years of age at that point. Um, he continues, "I agree with you that science and literature have sometimes done a great deal of harm," Galileo's enemies kept him languishing in prison at 70 years of age for the crime of understanding the revolution of the earth. And what is still more shameful obliged him to forear his discovery. Great crimes are always committed by great ignoramises. What makes and will always make this world a veil of tears is the insatiable greediness and the indomitable pride of men. Letters support, refine, and comfort the soul. They are serving you, sir, at the very moment you decry them. You are like Achilles declaiming against fame and father Malenbrunch using his brilliant imagination to belittle imagination. the irony here of Rouso of all people uh decrying philosophy and uh and civilization. Well, if anyone has a right to complain of letters, I am that person. For in all times and in all places, they have led to my being persecuted. Still, we must needs love them in spite of the way they are abused. He's talking about civilization, civilized society. As we cling to society, though the wicked spoil its pleasantness, as we must love our country, though it treats us unjustly, and as we must love and serve the supreme being despite the superstition and fanaticism which too often dishonor his service. Just because something has been abused, it doesn't mean you throw the baby out with the bathwater. Voltater tells Russo. So this discourse on the origin of inequality. Now I want to close today um by uh comparing Russo's account to the account of creation in the book of Genesis because on first at first glance one might think well Rouso here he's he's denying that man is naturally sinful. He's denying the doctrine of total depravity, the depravity of man, this innate depravity of man that we that we see in Hobbes. And and so this would appear to contradict the Christian doctrine. I mean, Christianity absolutely does not teach that man is inherently or naturally good. However, if you compare the Genesis account of creation and the fall of man Rouso's, there are some interesting overlaps. So, a way of review on the sixth day God created the animals, every kind of cattle and creeping thing, every beast upon the earth. And then God said on that sixth day, let us make man in our image that is in the likeness of God himself. Man is the only creature made in the image of God. That is what distinguishes man from beast. Man was formed out of the dust and God breathed into his nostrils, the breath of life, and man became a living soul. The man's name was Adam, which means man or mankind. Then Eve was made from the rib of Adam. Eve meaning the mother of all life. And God charged Adam and Eve, be fruitful, multiply, eat fruits, plants, and seeds. This was the original state of nature. And God gave man dominion, his authority. Man had natural authority over all the creatures on the earth. Man was still subordinate and answerable to God. The creature is less lesser than creator. But man had dominion over the earth. And God saw everything that he had made. And behold, it was very good. Very good. The garden, the garden of Eden, the original man in that original state of nature. And they were naked and were not ashamed. Russo might call them uh savage. They didn't even know they were naked. And they did not know right from wrong, virtue from vice. And God placed Adam and Eve in the garden and charge him again. Be fruitful and multiply. Dress it and keep it. Keep the garden. A great river went out and watered the garden. And there grew every good tree that was good for food. The tree of life was there. But also there was another tree, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. The tree of the knowledge of good evil. Genesis chapter 2:1 16. And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayastest freely eat. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." The tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Have you ever thought about what that means? to remind you what did Rouso say? The ignorance of vice profits the savage more than the knowledge of virtue profits the civilized man. The knowledge of good and evil. Man in the state of nature according to so lacked this knowledge. In Genesis, we find that man lacked this knowledge and God commanded them very explicitly, do not eat of this tree, chapter 3. Now the serpent was more subtle, it is crafty, than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said to the woman, "Did God actually say, "You shall not eat of any tree in the garden?" Now, this was a ridiculous question. And and the serpent understood and knew very well that it was a deceptive question. God did not command that they may not eat of any tree. In fact, God commanded almost precisely the opposite. You may eat of any tree. You are only prohibited from eating of this tree, the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. But the serpent asked this question. Did God really say you shall not eat of any tree in the garden? This he asked Eve. The woman replied, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees in the garden, but God said, you shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor shall you touch it, lest you die." But the serpent said to the woman, "You will not die. For God knows that when you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil." Now, right then and there, what Eve should have done was run, get her husband, and Adam should have taken some implement or whatever and just clubbed this the serpent over the head with it or just strangled him for for daring to rebel against the creator of the universe. But that's not what happened. The text continues, "So when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, she took of its fruit and ate. And she also gave some to her husband, who was with her, and he ate." Then the eyes of both were open, and they knew that they were naked. It's the cre the account of creation the creation of man of Adam and Eve and of fall. So what do we have here compared to to Rouso? Uh first of all of the commonalities we have a pre-lapserian paradise. A pre-lapserian paradise. And not only is it a paradise, but it's a paradise in which the knowledge of good and evil does not exist. There's an ignorance of vice there. And this other commonality we have a fall. There is no fall in Hobbes. Hobbes says he goes all the way back and all the way back you have depravity. Here we have a fall in Rouso. We have a fall. But there are some key differences, critical differences. In the Genesis account, society is not responsible for the fall. Man is responsible for the fall. And not just man, but the first man like the first man is responsible for the fall. And in fact, he willed it. He freely willed it. This wasn't society. Society is not to blame. It was a free act, an act of a free agent. So has that right. man's a free agent who willfully disobeyed God and ate of the of the tree. It's not society's fault. That's the that of all things is the the greatest the greatest difference. Um, and then civil government comes about not as a conspiracy of the rich and the powerful, although to be sure it's abused by the rich and the powerful for their own purposes. But the original intent of civil government is that it is now necessary to restrain those wicked passions that now do innately and naturally belong to man. So there's a pre-lapserian natural man and then there's a postlapserian postfall man and man on the other side of the fall is naturally depraved is naturally wicked. Yes, there are qualities that temper that that wickedness and that depravity. But man is now radically corrupt in in innately after the fall. And so that's the other difference too that that there's this like seismic shift in the nature of man pre-lapserium postlapserium. Um so just an interesting aside that I find I find it interesting to compare and contrast find some overlap. Um ultimately another weak point of Rouso's argument what is society uh society is not you know an autonomous agent is society cannot you know doesn't have a will of its own. Society is made up of individuals. It's composed of of men. And so how can you reason that the corruption begins with society when uh when all that society is is a collection of men and so that's another weakness in Rouso's account in my opinion and I could elaborate more on that but this is already quite a lengthy video. Thank you for watching if you've watched the entire thing. I want to hear what you think below. I love this. Uh this second discourse is great. Again, I have like some fundamental disagreements with it. It's a great read. It's brilliant and it's uh it's actually it's not Rouso's most famous work, but it's u it's uh it's I don't know. I think it it might be peak Russo. Um or it's it's right up there. Um now you know Rouso from here the question is well is it possible now uh for there to be any other kind of society because again you you may remember from part one I said Rouso isn't arguing that we ought to return to the woods okay and become primitive man again and that's not happening so the question that then begs the question is there a way to to fix this and Rouso says yes there is and again it's social transformation he's going to propose an answer and as it so happens both answers come in the year 1762 7 years after he authors this discourse he proposes an answer in a meal which is on education how to create this new man from child from child to and how to educate them properly. We're not going to have a distinct video on that. I covered a little bit of that in part one. Then also as regards to civil government, the social contract which is also published in 1762 on the social contract civil government and Rouso believes that there's a way to create a legitimate social contract, not the fraudulent social contract that arose initially, but a new social contract grounded in the general will. And so we will explore that in part four. See you then. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FarberBob678 [4 likes]: I'm reminded of why I dislike Rousseau
  2. @ProfessorBarth [2 likes]: Follow me on X: https://twitter.com/Professor_Barth

Buy my book!: https://www.amazon.com/Currency-Empire-Seventeenth-Century-English-America/dp/1501755773

Foundations of Western Political Thought playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLinliDgP9EbRu4qZn8SJFgysSQB5I4c-L

History of Money playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLinliDgP9EbScxfH5wxoX8I_HNRSElqZ_

If you enjoy this channel and would like to support: https://patreon.com/professorbarth
  3. @FarberBob678 [2 likes]: I think that the truth is somewhere between Hobbes and Rousseau, but closer to Hobbes
  4. @leoborros [1 likes]: Rousseau, one of the biggest sociopathic liars this world has ever seen
  5. @oreo2fire [1 likes]: Just a suggestion can you do one on bitcoin and digital  gold/cash?
  6. @JeffButterworth-bm8gj: If you can't enjoy the fruits of your labor then why do labor would be the thinking of people in a society of no property rights. Natural pity would be perverted if it rewarded those who willingly squandered their talents and resources. Doesn't sound like Rousseau considered these.
  7. @richarddimare7486: so potentially dangerous to be generally against "private property" without completely disambiguating the term, which leads to throwing the baby out with the bathwater. Even with land ownership we must have some conditional rights to own (or maybe rights to "possess" is a better way to describe it), but to be clear, the great thinkers like Rousseau, the Physiocrats, Henry George, etc. were mainly thinking about "absolute" private ownership, and usually absolute property rights in land, not absolute property rights in oneself (the human person and its labor).
  8. @richarddimare7486: very good discussion, Professor, but the word "property" when used alone was confusing to me. Locke meant "property" in the sense of it originating from the human wage-earner (a property right in wages), but Rousseau seems to use the word to refer to an absolute property right in land, which yes has led to great inequality. Henry George, in my opinion, overcame the idea of absolute property in land, which led to the Supreme Court striking down a tax on land sale gains and land rental incomes in Pollock vs. Farmers' Loan (1895), which led to the need for the 16th Amendment, after which we can tax the unearned incomes derived from land ownership (though this right to tax the unearned incomes of landowners has been greatly obscured by neoliberalism).

- Rousseau's First Discourse on Inequality (Summary & Analysis): Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome to the philosophy hour of literary tales i'm your host paul krauss and in this episode we explore jacques rousseau's first discourse on inequality rousseau begins his discourses on inequality by stating he is examining the question of man that eternal question that is the bedrock of philosophy the question of human nature chronologically rousseau wrote the discourses before his more famous social contract but the two works complement one another and should be read together within the discourses rousseau attacks aristotle natural philosophy hugo groceus thomas hobbes john locke and many others while it is not entirely necessary to know the philosophers and the philosophies he is rebuking what is important is to understand what rousseau's philosophy entails and what separates him from the traditions and masters of philosophy who came before him one of the first things that rousseau does is to acknowledge natural inequality in mankind as we all know people are born different heights with different strengths with different intellectual capacities but this according to rousseau does not preclude the possibility of political and social egalitarianism he attacks aristotle here who translates nature into politics just as nature is the political the political should be an imitation of nature that is the classical greek conception come from aristotle this is something rousseau strenuously objects to nature is nature and politics is not nature according to rousseau politics is a social construct thus since men imitate nature at least according to the aristotelian tradition this is what leads to the politics of inequality if we assert that nature is unequal and politics should be an imitation of nature we will result in a politics of inequality again rousseau rejects this rousseau believes that while men suffer differences as to age strength and other physical characteristics what unites them in the state of nature is an equal condition for rousseau equality is premised on shared conditions in the state of nature we all suffer the same ills and enjoy the same fruits so to speak by suffering under the same environment and other natural conditions of the state of nature man is fundamentally equal with each other we must all labor we must all feel fear we must all persevere these are the conditions that unite all men and it doesn't matter your age your strength your height whatever differences we might have physically we all are equal in these conditions but rousseau paints a dramatically different picture of the state of nature than do hobbes and lock rousseau's state of nature is one in which nature is benign and the animals compassionate man in imitation of nature imitates pity kindness and compassion rather than the war of all against all as you find in hobbes and lock the harshness of nature that exists is more or less the harshness of having to labor for a living we do not enter the state of nature in a state of strength but weakness we need nature to nurture us according to rousseau we do not enter the state of nature with an abundance of food and shelter but must work for our food and shelter we all again share in this condition doesn't matter if you're strong or you're weak if you're tall or you're short if you're male or female we all must labor we all must work for food shelter and perseverance thus the first major shift in modern political thought offered by rousseau in comparison to those who came before him was separating political life from before russo going back to the greeks plato and aristotle down through the christian tradition and even into the early modern period with hobbes lock groces and others nature and politics were conceived as one and the same we imitate nature in our political life rousseau separates politics from nature thus politics is purely a social construct whatever physical and natural differences that exist in the state of nature does not mean necessarily that political life will be marred by these differences and inequalities whereas aristotle sees an unequal and hierarchical nature leading to an unequal and hierarchical polis rousseau is arguing that the unequal and differential state of nature is not really what to focus on we should focus on the shared conditions of life in the state of nature where we are all free and equal in conditions and how this ought to translate into political life so rousseau does agree that the state of nature and the politics should be the same in so far that politics should reflect the shared conditions and the environments that we find ourselves in rather than the actual genetic physical and natural differences we can obviously observe between animals and between men if rousseau acknowledges natural differences he does so under the properties of nature political life again we must stress does not need to suffer from the natural differences in physical nature becoming entrenched differences and inequalities in political life thus again the radical revolution the shift the change that rousseau offers in political theory in separating nature from politics nature and the polis are not one in the same while we exist in nature the police we construct is completely of our own doing if however rousseau's emphasis on nature isn't the differences of physicality that he acknowledges are real but the emphasis on the shared conditions shared liberty shared equality under the same conditions and the ethos of compassion in the state of nature this is what should translate to politics again rousseau does a sort of sleight of hand while he acknowledges and natural differences he says that our conditions are one and the same and it is the conditions of nature that should be translated into politics those conditions are the same moving forward rousseau casts man in the state of nature as a non-violent noble savage here he rebukes hobbes but miss red hobbes rousseau thinks hobbes man in the state of nature is evil nowhere does hobbes actually say this hobbes artix articulates the view that in the state of nature man is properly a moral fueled by a spirit of individual self-preservation just like all others and that the bid for self-preservation accidentally leads to conflicts when we encounter others in the encounter with others self-preservation is solely self-centered which prevents us from reaching out to others so we do battle in which someone is defeated either killed or mained to secure our it is only through fear that men unite so as to not live in this type of world rousseau's noble savage is peaceful and tranquil he imitates the best of nature and he has not driven the conflict with others this is a complete 180 from the state of nature as presented by hobbes and to a lesser degree lock although again it should be pointed out that rousseau misreads hobbs supposedly natural evil man hobbes's man is nowhere naturally evil he is naturally individualistic self-centered his concern is the law of the idea of a peaceful harmonious and tranquil nature where nothing evil happens is rousseau's portrait that is not actually lock's portrait although libertarians like to claim it so more importantly we need to understand why rousseau's peaceful benign noble savage is important uncorrupted by conventions men or any living animal imitates the goodness of nature according to rousseau how then does one become corrupt and evil by imitating bad forms and conventions that are created as if they were nature this is considered the naturalistic fallacy and philosophy rousseau is a proponent of it in political theory to justify inequality to justify evil to justify the unequal manifestations of a social unit we claim that this is what we find in nature rousseau rejects this here rousseau offers an alternative while man is in fact motivated by he eats and consumes he sleeps and he labors he moves and he forages in order to survive but he does so with others when humans encounter one another there is no violent confrontation according to rousseau as in hobbes but a mutual recognition of the common self in the other we see ourselves in their struggles in their labors in their pains we see our own and again in this shared condition that we all labor from i see myself in you thus i am moved to pity and compassion and do not assail you or anyone else i meet according to rousseau man is not necessarily social as rousseau makes clear at the end of the first discourse but man is amiable with others he is kind to those whom he meets he does not necessarily seek out bonds and dependence with others but this is the process of wicked transformation into servitude that eventually comes with greater and greater connectivity with other human beings in the social contract rousseau simply stated something occurred in the state of nature which forced men to leave it and embrace a social contract he does not go into detail in that text as to what force men out of the state of nature and into a social contract society in the discourses which is why the discourses are important to read he does tell us what forced men out of the state of nature overpopulation as the population of humanity grew and as humans being endowed with a rational soul exerted his faculty of self-improvement some decided to take advantage of what they witnessed motivated by that spirit of self-preservation and seeing advances in human population and technology these persons came together in conspiracy to make others serve them for their self-preservation and enhancement thus begins the establishment of norms customs and structures that enforce the unequal conditions that emerge from when the intelligent decide to make the rest of society the rest of the human population serve them the cornerstone of unequal condition according to rousseau is private property rousseau attacks lot in lox reading that private property was already present in the state of nature rousseau disagrees the world was common to all in the state man did not seek property as a means of self-preservation as lot claims man simply enjoyed the garden that god gave him in abundance it is a picture of eden without the fall because the world is common to all common property is a shared condition which makes us equal again there is no such thing as private property in the shared condition of the world in the original state of nature in russo's vision the establishment of private property destabilizes the shared condition that shared condition being the earth we all enjoy and inhabit thus establishing social and conventional inequalities which translate into social and conventional inequalities in conditions of life and labor the abolition of the state of nature is the abolition of the shared conditions and the common property that leads to the equal conditions that we all share as humans the abolition of those shared conditions results in the unequal conditions that are reinforced in laws and social customs in society this is called private property from rousseau's perspective moving away from these political matters rousseau then moves to metaphysical questions concerning the nature of mankind here he seeks to understand what the law of nature or the natural law really is though rousseau acknowledges man is motivated by some sort of spirit of rousseau states that the real law of nature is pity man's first language he writes is the cry of nature in seeing someone wounded and seeing someone suffering and seeing someone in distress we feel a natural empathy for the other because to return to the common condition that we all share we see ourselves in the other pity leads to compassion and not coercion and violence again something that rousseau tacitly rejects in the reading of thomas hobbes rousseau attacks self-reasoning as well it is philosophy which isolates a man and prompts him to say in secret at the sight of another suffering perish if you will i am safe no longer can anything but danger to society come out as a result of this the philosopher seeing others in danger and saying perish but i am safe people nowadays wonder why certain political movements are supposedly anti-science it is actually rooted in rousseau the politics of anti-science emanates from rousseau because rousseau is anti-science from the very beginning if we recall from the beginning of the rousseau also attacks medicine and the natural sciences nature heals us rousseau argues this is observable why do we need medicine then medicine is just the tool for the wealthy and the elite for those who possess private property and want to hoard the inequalities as a result of social conventions it causes barriers and unequal conditions that are reinforced by who can afford medicine and who cannot natural philosophy e.g natural science tells us that it is better for another to suffer than i natural philosophy i.e from aristotle and the catholic philosophical tradition tells us that the world is hierarchical and to be flourishing we need to imitate this natural hierarchy of the cosmos and to find our place in it to be happy hogwash rousseau argues philosophy and science corrupt man's original reasoning true reason rousseau tells us is pity as he writes it is pity which carries us without reflection to the aid of those we see suffering it is pity which in the state of nature takes the place of laws morals and virtues with the added advantage that no one there is tempted to disobey its gentle voice in other words we need no laws or directives to be compassionate we are naturally compassionate rousseau asserts the law of pity is inscribed on the human heart pity should not be held ransom by medicine medical technology or the arbitrary price of persis let alone the so-called natural reasoning of mankind all of these things conspire to destroy man's natural goodness the reasonable man confuses reason for rationalization of selfish action according to rousseau and scientific men confuse the rationalization for greater control and power for rationality furthermore rousseau praises weakness as a virtue he excoriates strength or prowess as a society that is twisted to reward rather than move to compassion is a twisted and evil society to be sure the celebration of the law of strength is at root the celebration of the inequalities of a social convention to this end rousseau concludes his first discourse by stating why man in the state of nature free and equal is found in society in chains and suffering the suffocating pains of inequality society is to blame civilization is to blame servitude establishes the unequal conditions by which the powerful exert their strength over the weak servitude binds men together in unequal relationships thus destroying the original shared conditions in the state of nature and allowing for those who are physically superior by nature's lottery to take advantage in the movement out of the state of nature and into political rather than pity and compassion that makes man amiable with his dealings towards others and rather than imitate nurturing nature which inculcates the same ethos of pity and compassion man in society imitates the rule of brute force and strength thus man is corrupted by society and not man learns from society that he must cheat steal and use physical violence to get what he wants the result is a society of selfish individuals who real law and structures to benefit themselves at the exclusion and exploitation of others as rousseau writes without expanding uselessly on these details anyone must see that since the bonds of servitude are formed only through the mutual dependence of men and the reciprocal needs that unite them it is impossible to enslave a man without first putting him in a situation where he cannot do without another man and since such a situation does not exist in the state of nature each man therefore is free of the yoke and the law of the strongest is rendered in vain in one quick swoop rousseau rejects the entire tradition of classical anthropology man is by nature a social animal who finds fulfillment in the bonds forged in relationships with others rousseau rejects this man is fundamentally asocial man is fundamentally concerned with his own happiness and well-being without the need of others likewise he also jettisons hobbs and lock and their anthropology while assailing locks social contract of private property because property leads to unequal conditions which will inevitably force those who have less property than others to come into bondage to those who have more as he goes on to say i must now consider and bring together the different chance factors which have succeeded in improving human reason while worsening the human species making man wicked while making him sociable and carrying man and the world from their remote beginnings to the point at which we now behold them in chains and servitude the story of structural inequality and power is what rousseau explains in his subsequent second discourse which we will focus on in another episode therefore summing up the highlights of the first discourse on inequality rousseau articulates the position that man is equal in shared conditions rather than a shared nature man is also moved by pity and imitates the nurturing characteristics of nature thus man is naturally good in the state of nature rather than evil or conflictual what moves man out of the state of nature is the population bomb and general scientific advancement tools and science which men using their so-called reason twist to their own selfish ends thus hyper rationalistic individuals begin to use others for their self-preservation while no longer sharing in the same conditions of others thus establishing the social hierarchies and conventions that entrench the law of the strongest over the week the emergence of inequality is a result of rationality science and technology private property is the foundation of all that is wicked in society because private property is the root of unequal conditions this leads to the enslavement the enslavement of man which rousseau begins his social contract with that famous sentence man was born free but is everywhere in chains and notice the technological element of slavery chains are not something in the original state of nature chains are the result of science and technology here lies the establishment of the conventions and structures of unfreedom and inequality servitude and dependence on others the problem is not nature according to rousseau the problem is society nature is compassionate and nurturing society is competitive and ruled by force backed by scientific technology the problem is not the individual it is the societal structures and institutions that corrupt individuals from their natural independence from each other their goodness and their pity thus rousseau's first discourse is a revolutionary treatise in it he articulates significant breaks with the classical political tradition first he separates politics and nature nature and the political are not one and the same moreover as stated what we share in the state of nature isn't nature as such but the conditions of nature we all find ourselves in lastly the emergence of rational thought through the birth of technology and science is what creates the unequal societies we now inhabit and technology and science is reinforced in the laws and the social conventions we construct which reinforce the inequality of the stereotype that rousseau articulates the view that we must return to nature and the noble savage in order to have true equality

  Top Comments:
  1. @reginaldokeke8354: Brilliant