- Inside a $21 Million Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en you don't have to be a professional to enjoy wine the only thing you need to have is i like it or i like it not underneath the luxurious cobourg palace in vienna are six wine cellars filled with some of the rarest bottles of wine you've ever seen [Music] totally there are six different wine caves there are all together a little more than 50 000 bottles all together and i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising but the list is changing all the time i'm i think we are also in the top 10 worldwide to compare these top 10 is not possible all are equal fantastic for themselves what makes a wine expensive why do people spend ten thousand dollars on a bottle 100 000 on a bottle the one point is the quality but there are more points how old is the wine how many are existed how special is really this this vintage and the reputation also of the wine so it's not very not often just the quality it's always a mixture of all custom tours and tastings led by professional sommeliers take visitors to the six cellars each with its own theme france new world old world ikem champagne and rare wines wine tastings are quite affordable and you don't have to be passionate about wine to enjoy one of these there are also deluxe packages for wine connoisseurs where you get to enjoy some of the upper end bottles the entire place is the equivalent of a bank vault for wines but to be honest you feel more like you're in an art gallery than anything else and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is from where you're buying you're buying directly sorry for from the vineyard perfect directly from really good traders also okay but always be careful the most expensive bottle we sold was actually now about two years ago a bottle for 170 000 euros bottle of six litres awesome wine the oldest wine in the collection is from 1727 that's older than mozart himself here is chateau chem ekem is a very famous sweetwine vineyard we have all vintages produced since 1893 here in this cave on the left ladder the highest is 1893 one below 1895-1896 the market value of the collection is about 18 million euros just to give you guys a glimpse into the prices they've received an offer of 20 000 euros for this bottle of dom perignon and refused to sell you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [66 likes]: Hey Aluxers, while shooting our 900,000 Special we went inside this 21 million dollar wine collection! Enjoy!
PS: The full video is coming soon!
  2. @montvilleo [1 likes]: Oh yeah? Well I once had 48 - 12 oz bottles of "Southern Tier Pumpking" beer in my refrigerator !!!
  3. @waskerbasket9601 [1 likes]: What is written on the floor?
  4. @allanwiener230: What is the purpose of amassing such a collection?
  5. @bs10098121: Wow!! A miniature piece of heaven here!!
  6. @aam3489: 3:50 Why is there arabic writing
  7. @Jupe367: When a wine has a date is that when it was bottle?  I see that there are wine back in 1800s.  Is wine any good after 20 years?
  8. @davidcaple6521: Kind of obnoxious... To be honest. I have a meager 2000 bottles worth way less... The difference, I'll drink that shit before I die (hopefully). Crazy old bottles??? For what? A dick measuring contest I guess? I mean this respectfully, I am truly enamored by the collection but at some point you have to ask yourself, why? Sincerely...
  9. @luisgamass5585: I was there 8 years ago Super impresive !!
  10. @ernis_star: all bullsh...t !
99% of people dont know the diference between a 1 € wine and a 1000 € wine.

and the irony is : yung people even like the 1 € wine....

it s like modern art !  things that are only ponzi scheme
  11. @ykhykh816: The glass cabinets give me anxiety
  12. @Ody-up6kg: I did not see a single bottle of 1976 Boone's Farm!
  13. @martygt3357: You have way to much wine.  If you would like help fixing this problem, give me a call.
  14. @edmacfarlane9483: Awesome! I’d like to walk around with a Coravin sneaking a few samples!
  15. @Pandolcee: Over the last 2 years I have become more and more interesting in wine collecting for some reason, maybe I just like the elegance of the wine and the way its presented, or maybe I'm an alcoholic in disguise
  16. @teri-rossicyda2874: stunning
  17. @yriafehtivan: $21 million / 50,000 bottles is roughly $420 per bottle. Damn, and I thought paying $30 for a basic level bottle of Burgundy was a bit pricy.
  18. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: Смотри не заблудись
  19. @achdjianfinearts: ridiculous !  so stupid !  there are thousands of much better wines at very unexpensive prices !
  20. @AZsportshut: I work in a warehouse that imports wine from all around the world. I guarantee most of his wine are trash.

- Inside A $21 Million Luxury Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to luxury logic the number one spot for content about the extravagant lifestyles of the rich and famous what would it be like to own a 21 million dollar wine collection at luxury logic we prefer spending a little more and drinking quality wine over any alcoholic beverage so if you enjoy some vino as well feel free to sip on a glass and enjoy yourself in this short video here's a little fun fact did you know hollywood star johnny depp spends thirty thousand dollars every month on wine so for wine lovers there's no price limit really wines are a part of the heritage of many cities around the world and one of those cities is vienna we will be taking you to vienna a city in austria and if you are a wine lover you'll be excited to learn that there is a wine paradise below the streets of the city don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel and stick around until the end to see what is inside a 21 million dollar wine collection vienna is one of the most visited tourist spots in the world and for the admirers of quality wine and trust me even though quality wine like the ones you can find in vienna is expensive really expensive but spending so much on a bottle of wine is not abnormal wine is an art and it is appreciated all over the city this is what vienna is known for the wine production in the city is massive and their wine is not only admired by locals their wine is exported all over the world and people absolutely love it locals consider wine a part of their heritage and they take it seriously like very seriously if you serve them cheap wine bottles like the ones you can find in the department stores during christmas or new year in the united states they'll spit the wine in your face they are as passionate about their wine as italians are passionate about their pizza doubt it try serving an italian person pizza with pineapples it won't end well coming back to vienna there are multiple wine cellars throughout the cities among which many wine cellars are even hundreds of years old even though as we mentioned vienna has a large number of wine cellars there is one wine cellar that stands out for its highly expensive collection of wine the total valuation of the wine bottles in that seller 21 million dollars we will be taking you inside vienna's palais coburg and there we will be taking you a little below in their exotic wine cellar which is an underground paradise for wine lovers this huge wine cellar is based on four levels and the seller houses over sixty thousand bottles of quality wine drinking a beer or any cheap alcohol anywhere in this cellar is a horrendous crime locals here respect wine more than anything and some are so passionate about wine that they might not smile once they look at their wife or children but their favorite bottle of wine is dearest to them anyway so this wine cellar in palais coburg is europe's second largest wine cellar it is based on four levels where you can find a wine of all types not everything is on sale in this seller even though you can buy whichever quality wine bottle from the massive collection there are some wine bottles that no one is allowed to buy those bottles are part of the seller's history speaking of history let's talk a little more about the history of this ancient wine cellar so this massive underground wine cellar was built inside the 16th century ruins in the heart of the first district this wine cellar is one of the oldest wine cellars in the world and even though there are wine cellars in the city that are even older than the one we are talking about in this video the collection of wine that the wine cellar of palais coburg possesses is absolutely incredible it is definitely a place for people who admire the art of wine and it is for people who would spend thousands of dollars on a bottle of wine in short this is not a place for people like me who goes to the bars with the cheapest alcohol palaicoburg is one of the few places where you can drink rare wine while gazing at the original wall that used to surround the city center of vienna in the 1500s you might also enjoy a private concert if you are invited to the right party vienna is an interesting place and the people over there are quite interesting you'll see gorgeous men and women you'll see amazing street artists and the food is pretty great as well now let's talk about the exotic wine collection in palais coburg's wine cellar the cellar has its own aura and the ancient shelves and interior take you back in time when people would kill for a fine bottle of wine the wine bottles are kept on their shelves in a very organized manner some ancient bottles of wine which are hundreds of years old and are so rare that there are just a bunch of bottles in the whole world are kept in a place that can only be viewed you cannot even touch those bottles as your hands might have destructive fluids that'll destroy the bottle which is hundreds of years old but still drinkable as they say the older the wine the better and in this case the more valuable it is speaking of valuable the most expensive wine that has been sold in the seller was a 6 liter of latour 1961 imperial the price that the buyer paid 170 000 to put that into perspective you can buy a pretty luxurious suv for that much money heck you can even buy a lamborghini huracan for that much money as a matter of fact you can buy it with change but well a bottle like that is priceless therefore no matter how much a wine lover spends on it it will always look like a bargain to him or her the collection goes back to 1727 with an ancient bottle of riesling which is perfectly drinkable but as we have mentioned those bottles are only for viewing not for sale and definitely not for touching the wine heritage in vienna is absolutely remarkable they make the finest wine in the world and are one of the world's highest wine producing cities people would spend a lot on rare wine bottles here and won't regret it once this is a place for wine lovers so if you ever get to visit the seller do not call the bottles expensive thank you for journeying with us inside a 21 million dollar wine collection under the streets of vienna if you like this video press the like button to show some admiration it won't cost you anything if you like our content and want to see more from us press the beautiful subscribe button and press the bell icon over there so that you can get notified right away we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @carmenfashion: Love it 😍
  2. @donnellvaughn8030: I would love to visit this place!!

- Top 10 Most Valuable Wine Collections in the World: Kind: captions Language: en the top ten most valuable wine collections in the world welcome to a Lux calm the place where future billionaires come to get inspired if you're not subscribed yet you're missing out Holloway lectures and welcome back for a top ten countdown that will leave you slightly tipsy as we celebrate 10 of the most expensive wine collections in the US and around the world as far back as Bacchus and the Bible wine has been a staple of civilized life even though Protestants have questioned the effects of wine and started serving grape juice at communion the Catholic Church still serves wine in the sacrament however there are those who enjoy wine outside of the confines of the church and they make few apologies for it wine in the Western world is made from fermented grapes and this is the wine we're primarily discussing today most wine collections are centered around grape wine because of its historical significance value and affect some subcultures in the u.s. make wine out of other fruits and Asians are known to do this as well for example the South has watermelon wine and the Japanese have plum wine the alcohol content of wine ranges between five point five and fifteen point five percent different reactions between the grapes and the yeast produce subtle differences in the flavors of the wine this chemical difference determines the character and taste of the wine and is affected by environmental contexts and farming practices too it's a fact that wine was featured greatly in the ancient civilizations of Greece Thrace and Rome archeologists have discovered evidence that proves the first winery was situated in armenia it dates back 60 100 years today there are those with the means and the desire to collect rare and expensive bottles of wine a number of factors are involved in assigning a value to a bottle including quality age the number that were produced the number that are still in existence and reputation with all this being said I think that's enough with the intro don't you let's take a look at the top 10 most valuable wine collections in the world number 10 Aubrey McClendon value 8.4 million dollars the late Aubry McClendon was a keen wine collector McClendon earned his money as the CEO of the Chesapeake Energy Corporation and he definitely put much of his income to use to building this collection after his passing in 2016 McClendon's extensive wine vault was auctioned off for eight point four four million dollars in Chicago this was more than the maximum estimate which was only 7.6 million number nine Robert roshaniya value estimated at eight million dollars real estate developer Robert Rowe Sonya has always had a passion for champagne in 2012 the New York based collector opted to auction off over 1,000 lots of champagne in Hong Kong many of the world's top champagne houses were featured there was even a moet and Chandon 1911 champagne on auction which was estimated to fetch between eight and twelve thousand dollars the auction was expected to net sales of six point three million dollars it featured only part of row Sonya's collection and he's continued to acquire more wine over the years row Sonya's love affair with champagne has earned him a great deal of money and will continue to do so as long as he collects number eight bodega 1860 value approximately thirteen million dollars located in Spain's Basque County the bodega 1860 collection is comprised of one hundred and twenty-nine thousand bottles of wine although it's housed in the so called city of wine of the Marquez Doris Kyle winery the collection is not part of the wine tour and is not accessible to the public the collection includes bottles of every vintage since it was founded in 1860 only six bottles remain from the original vintage a conservative estimate of the value of the wine collection is around thirteen million dollars number seven police Coburg wine cellar value 21 million dollars this insane collection of over 50,000 bottles is capped at the police Coburg a palace in Vienna Austria that today operates as a luxury five-star hotel the massive collection which includes some incredibly rare bottles is kept in six wine cellars this is the second largest wine collect owned by a private entity in Europe the police Coburg offers special wine tours and customized wine experiences the entire collection was most recently valued at 21 million dollars number six the Latour collection value 25 million dollars the Latour restaurant is found in New Jersey the restaurant and it's astounding collection of wines was established by Jean Mulvihill he passed away in 2012 but his legacy lives on in the popularity of his restaurant conservative estimates indicate there's a collection of more than 100,000 bottles of wine in Latour is seller valued at 25 million dollars the wines are stored in two cellars one at the restaurant with another located at the Crystal Springs Resort the wine list at the establishment runs into three hundred and sixty pages with prices ranging from $50 to $50,000 per bottle the handle xers if you're enjoying this video you should definitely check out our video the top 10 most expensive wines just click or tap in the top right corner to check it out number 5 Bill Koch value 25 million dollars Bill Koch is one of America's richest men having made his money in the energy business Koch has been collecting wine for a long time at one point his collection was estimated to be comprised of forty five thousand bottles of wine and Koch has expensive tastes he favors pricey burgundy and Bordeaux vintages in 2016 south of East New York oversaw the auction of 20,000 bottles of fine wines from the billionaire cellar which was less than half of his collection Koch was quoted as saying he wanted to empty up space in his cellar to continue collecting the bidding was fierce and the collectors and connoisseurs faced off with each other trying to secure the rare wines on sale the pre-sale estimates of 15 million dollars were surpassed with a final total being 22 million this is one of the biggest total sale amounts ever generated by a wine auction Koch still maintains a large collection of wine favouring French wines above others the collection has an estimated total worth of twenty five million dollars number four gray Cliff Hotel value 25 million dollars the gray cliff hotel is tucked away in Nassau in the Bahamas the incredible wine collection found there is held in the third-largest cellar in the world it's the private collection of the hotel's owner enrico garde Sorelli there are over 250,000 selections of wine including the oldest drinkable wine in the world a 1727 route Shimer apostille vine that's said to be priceless the wine list at grey Cliffs restaurant is 120 pages long and you can even claim special seating among the rarest wines in the cellar for a fee of $1,000 number 3 Byrnes Steakhouse value over 30 million dollars Byrne laxer the founder of Burton Steakhouse in Tampa Florida travelled the world collecting a wide range of wines acquiring one of the largest and most renowned collections worldwide over time although Byrne has passed away and the restaurant is now owned by his son David the wine collection remains one of the most respected and valued in the world the cellar offers more than 6,800 different selections with 110 thousand bottles kept on the premises and 500,000 more stored in a warehouse across the street this collection is conservatively estimated to have a value of over 30 million dollars number 2 michelle jacques sha tsui value 65 point four million dollars michelle jacques she co l is one of the world's most savvy wine collectors although his collection is not as large as others it's exceedingly valuable his collection contains 40 thousand bottles of wine he stores his wine in a cellar in La Chapelle Vasu and his collection has been valued at 65 point four million in 2016 he began offering public tastings of his wines the catch was the ticket would cost around nine thousand dollars in 2017 shishio l was ambushed at his home by five men who aimed to steal his collection they held the 75 year old hostage for two hours but he refused to hand over the keys to the underground wine bunker that's protected by armored doors they eventually fled with just 8 cases of what he called second one they were all later caught and jailed number one molest amici value over 100 million dollars the molesty Michi wine collection is actually stored in an underground wine city in Moldova the cellar complex includes a total of 155 miles of limestone that has almost 2 million bottles of wine the collection is composed of about 70% red wines 20% white wines and 10% dessert wines this so-called golden collection has been certified as the largest wine collection in Europe by the Guinness Book of World Records the value of this collection comes more from the sheer volume rather than the rarity of the wine the most expensive bottles stored there are valued around five hundred and forty US Dollars and there you have a tale xers collections in the world and now a question for you how do you feel about the fact that some of the rarest and finest wines in the world may never be drank let us know in the comments below and of course as a thank you for watching with us all the way to the end a lectures you're awesome and we love you here's your bonus European grape species are commonly used as the base of all wines no matter where they are in the world these include the Pinot Noir Chardonnay Cabernet Sauvignon gummy and Merlot these are all varieties of the Vitis vinifera the European grape frequently hybrids of these grapes and others are used to create new wine flavors the grape species that are native to the Napa Valley of California are seldom used in wine production instead these grapes are favored for the production of jams jellies and juices thank you for spending some time with us a Luxor make sure to subscribe so you never miss a video if you want more we hand-picked these videos you might enjoy or head over to Alex calm for the best in fine living content on the planet be a part of the largest community of luxury enthusiasts in the world and tell your story

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [6 likes]: Hello, hello Aluxers! What do think about the fact that some of the finest wines in the world may never be drank?
Mind Mastery: https://www.alux.com/mindmastery

Top 10 Most Expensive Wines In The World: https://youtu.be/mhVZEoqUoes
  2. @lakkarajushankar [2 likes]: It pinches me hard when I know that the costlyest wine can not be consume. When someone can not enjoy the taste, rarity I feel it does not carry any value.
  3. @Alexandru1996_ [1 likes]: Dudes...what kind of research havr you done that you couldnt pronounce properly the name "Mileștii Mici"?
It is not even 100 milion, it is more like 50-55 milions of euro...
  4. @GiorgiAia [1 likes]: Not in armenia. Oldest wine producer is Georgia. Do the research before you make the video 😡😡😡
  5. @Snow_Pulse [1 likes]: Gary V. Wine 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
  6. @auro1986 [1 likes]: alux drank the other 5?
  7. @reeshadmuntasir5203 [1 likes]: Why does Alux.com always provide us with 15 things in their Sunday Motivational videos? Why can't the number be more or less than that particular number 15?
  8. @JC839 [1 likes]: Thanks for calling me a future billionaire as I eat my .50 cents ramen noodles
  9. @alastairgreen6783: Learn to correctly pronounce Palais.
  10. @lurlineshayne791: These are great, great vid, I've subbed! I got a perfect saint laurent bag and i wish recommend this trusted seller to get the high quality reps 👉👉 *#CheckMyAmazingQualityPurse*
  11. @kristihamnet66: These are great, good vid, I've subbed! I got a perfect neverfull and i wish recommend this trusted seller to get the high quality reps 🔛 *#checkthebestdesignerbags*
  12. @hamid1499: Rothschild ????
  13. @penserautrement2633: Actually, the oldest drinkable wine in the world, dating from the Middle Ages, is in the cellar of the Strasbourg Civic Hospital in France.
  14. @elasmotherium12: What about the Buckingham Palace wine collection? It is said to be worth tens of millions.
  15. @texgal3990: Jump to 2:07 to start the list
  16. @Ushguli369: You are extremly wrong, oldest wine is discovered in Georgia, not armenia. https://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/68379-oldest-wine?fb_comment_id=1481415831957307_1483382345093989
  17. @beinghuman2034: These collections are similar to over hyped painting with exorbitant price.
  18. @dawidblachowski: No background music today?
  19. @TGREAT1: Any garyvee fans here??
  20. @soydelasfilipinas: You're voice sounds like you're sick. Makes me worry. Thanks Alux! You always complete my day. ;)

- A Look At This $21M Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up welcome back to our youtube channel some of the finest wines in the world are the priciest whether they have been fermented for decades or are simply manufactured using exclusive products the prices can reach the sky limit similarly this 21 million dollar wine collection consists of some of the finest wines ever made today we will take a look at this 21 million dollar wine collection but before we take a look make sure you subscribe to the channel and hit the bell icon so that you don't miss out on any of our upcoming videos number five winehaven in vienna the adjective hoirig means this year so it refers to the very fresh wine and also this cozy sort of tavern in which it's served vienna is one of the most beautiful cities in the world and aside from its beauty it is also home to some of the finest wines in the world vienna is known for its high priced quality wines that you would not find anywhere else in the world however it might seem unreasonable to think that somebody would actually spend hundreds of dollars on a single bottle of wine and as shocking as it may be some people love to collect and spend even millions on wine the famous actor johnny depp spends 30 thousand dollars a month on wine alone while it seems unnecessary to spend so much on wine looking at this mind-blowing collection of wine will change your mind vienna consists of hundreds of wine cellars that are centuries old wine being a part of the city's cultural heritage the city makes millions of dollars from its wine production alone if you consider yourself a wine lover you will find this city to be absolutely amazing as you will see some of the oldest and rarest wines in the city however one of the most famous features of this city is the 21 million dollar wine cellar that houses some of the most expensive wines looking at this collection will blow your mind away number four paulie koberg white voice of club very extractive buildings here we've got a great selection of over 5 000 labels located in vienna palais coburg is a massive seller that consists of an expensive collection of rare and exclusive wines this wine cellar has among the world's most famous wine collections with an estimated number of 60 000 wine bottles it is no wonder that the seller has four floors the polycoburg wine cellar is also titled europe's second largest wine cellar and it is absolutely a dream come true for anyone who loves wine as much as johnny depp number three the 21 million dollar each floor of the palais coburg wine cellar consists of a variety of some of the finest wines as the people of vienna are greatly passionate about wine themselves it is considered unethical to even disrespect a glass of wine one might find himself caught in an awkward situation if a cheap or low quality wine is brought inside the cellar the 21 million dollar wine collection consists of rare wine bottles and some of these bottles are so exclusive that visitors are not even allowed to buy or touch them while aside from these exclusive wines all other wines can be bought however at a very high price number 2 origin story of the wine collection and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is for where you buy vienna is considered one of the historic cities of europe which is why many of the ancient buildings and architecture are kept in pretty good condition this million dollar wine cellar also happens to be a historical mark of vienna the multiple floor cellar was built back in the 16th century among the wreck of the first district moreover the wine cellar also consists of some pretty old wines that have been made centuries ago some of these wines are so exclusive that it is not allowed to touch them after all no one would want to be responsible for a broken bottle of wine that was manufactured hundreds of years ago a tour of the wine cellar will prove that the ancient architecture is still intact as each of the wine bottles is neatly organized on shelves that are surrounded by bricked walls this wine cellar is not only a gorgeous collection of wines but it is also a pretty good model of the historic architecture of europe number one what makes this collection so expensive i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising while the saying goes the older the wine the better the taste however it is not entirely true there are in fact many aspects that make a wine worthy of a thousand dollars according to the wine expert wolfgang nightinger the first aspect that makes a bottle of wine worth a thousand dollars is its quality second it is the of course the age of the wine and finally it is the exclusivity of the bottle the rarer the bottle of wine is the more the price is likely to be just as high these aspects make a wine worthy of thousands of dollars so celebrities like johnny depp can enjoy them and spend thousands of dollars on them each month this 21 million dollar wine collection is one of the greatest features of vienna it is home to some of the rarest and finest wines mankind has ever made well this brings us to the end of our video hope you guys enjoyed it hit like if you did also watch the two videos on your screen because i'm sure you'll love them we will see you soon in another video until then take care and goodbye

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- Top 10 Most Expensive Wine Collections Ever Sold: Kind: captions Language: en You think you know expensive? Prepare to be shocked as we reveal the top 10 most expensive wine collections ever sold. Welcome to Royal Vibes TV where we uncawk the extraordinary and savor the exquisite. Today we delve into a world where rarity and refinement reign supreme. A realm where fortunes are made and spent on the nectar of the gods. Some people spend millions on cars, some on houses, but some spend it all on wine. Get ready to dive into the world of rare vintages and staggering price tags in our exploration of the top 10 most expensive wine collections ever [Music] sold. Our journey into highstakes wine collecting begins with a tale of opulence and intrigue. This is the story of a collection shrouded in controversy whispered among collectors. Imagine a seller stacked with bottles from prestigious chateau dating back centuries. One billionaire's collection worth millions was rumored to be fake. Experts found many bottles were just expensive vinegar. The scandal rocked the collecting community, a reminder of lurking deception. From the realm of counterfeit controversies, we ascend to the pinnacle of whiskey prestige, where a single bottle commands a king's ransom. This is the story of the Mallen, 1926. A spirit so rare, so coveted, it has become synonymous with liquid gold. Only 40 bottles of this legendary spirit were ever produced. Each one a testament to the distillery's unwavering commitment to craftsmanship and the passage of time. In 2019, a bottle of the Macallen 1926 shattered all previous auction records, fetching an astounding $1.9 million. This record-breaking sale solidified the Mallen 1926's place in the annals of luxury. A shining example of how a single bottle can encapsulate history, craftsmanship, and the very essence of indulgence. Prepare to be transported to Burgundy, France, a region synonymous with the world's most sought-a pon noir wines. Here, nestled amongst the rolling hills, lies Domain de la Roman Conti, a vineyard shrouded in mystique and renowned for producing wines of unparalleled elegance and finesse. At the heart of this hallowed estate lies Roman Conti, a tiny walled vineyard producing less than 6,000 bottles annually. Now imagine a collection not of one or two, but multiple bottles of Romany Conti 1945. A vintage considered one of the greatest ever produced. A single bottle of Romany Ki 1945 can fetch hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction. Its value a testament to its rarity, historical significance, and the unparalleled sensory experience it offers. The Romany Conti 1945 collection is not just a collection of wine. It's a collection of history, a testament to the enduring allure of Burgundy's finest. Chapter 4. The Chateau Margo, 1787. Collection. Our journey takes us to Bordeaux, home to some of the world's most coveted wines. Here lies Chatau Margo, a first growth estate with a rich history. Imagine a wine that has witnessed revolutions and empires. This is Chat Margo, 1787. A relic of history. Once owned by Thomas Jefferson, it links to history's influential figures. Valued highly, a bottle was broken at a dinner in 1989. Today, any remaining bottles are priceless due to their rarity. Chapter 5. The Screaming Eagle Cabernet Sovenon. 1992. Collection. Our quest for the world's most expensive wine collections takes us to Napa Valley, California. Screaming Eagle rose to cult status within a few short years. Its flagship Cabernet Sovenon became the holy grail for collectors. The 1992 vintage stands as a testament to the winery's exceptional quality. Imagine a seller stocked with an entire collection of Screaming Eagle Cabernet Svenon 1992. The Screaming Eagle Cabernet Soven 1992 collection is a testament to Napa Valley's rise in the allure of exceptional wines. Chapter 6. The Penfolds Graange Hermitage 1951 collection. Our exploration of the takes us across the globe to the sundrenched landscapes of Australia, a land renowned for its rugged beauty and its burgeoning wine industry. This is the story of Penfold's Graange Hermitage, a Shiraz of unparalleled intensity, complexity, and aging potential. The 1951 vintage, considered one of the greatest ever produced, is a testament to the vision of Max Schubert, Penfold's legendary wine maker. His unwavering belief in the potential of Shiraz to produce wines of exceptional quality and longevity revolutionized Australian wine- making. Imagine a collection not just of one or two bottles, but an entire seller dedicated to Penfolds Graange Hermitage 1951. The Penfolds Graange Hermitage 1951 collection is a testament to the transformative power of vision, innovation, and the unwavering pursuit of excellence. Chapter 7. The Shioval Blanc collection. We return to the hallowed grounds of Bordeaux, France, a region synonymous with some of the world's most sought after and expensive wines. The 1947 vintage, widely considered one of the greatest vintages of the 20th century, produced wines of extraordinary depth, complexity, and aging potential. Imagine a collection not just of one or two bottles, but an entire seller dedicated to Chatau Shioal Blau 1947. Owning a bottle of Chatau Shioval Blanc 1947 is akin to possessing a piece of history, a liquid time capsule that captures the essence of a truly exceptional vintage. The Shioval Blanc 1947 collection is a testament to the enduring legacy of Bordeaux's finest and the timeless allure of wines that transcend generations. Our pursuit of the world's most expensive wine collections takes us back to the hallowed grounds of Bordeaux, France, to the revered vineyards of Chatau Lefit Rothschild. The year is 1869, a time when horsedrawn carriages traversed the cobblestone streets of Bordeaux and the world was on the cusp of the industrial revolution. In the vineyards of Chatau Lefit Rothschild, a truly exceptional vintage was unfolding. Imagine a collection, not merely a handful of bottles, but an entire cellar dedicated to Chatau Lefit Rothschild 1869. Owning a bottle of Chatau Lefit Rothschild 1869 is akin to possessing a priceless artifact, a tangible link to a bygone era. The Lefit Rothschild 1869 enduring legacy of one of Bordeaux's most iconic estates and the timeless fascination with wines that have borne witness to the urban flow of history. Our pursuit of the world's most expensive and sought after wines now takes us to the heart of Burgundy, France. Here amidst the rolling hills and ancient vineyards, we encounter the legacy of Henri Ja, a man revered as a true icon of Burgundy wine-making. Among his most sought-after wines is the Rishborg Gron Crew, a wine that embodies the essence of Vosna Roman. The 1985 vintage, a year that yielded exceptional wines across Burgundy, produced a richborg grand crew of unparalleled depth, complexity, and aging potential. Imagine a collection not just a handful of bottles but an entire cellar dedicated to Henri Ja Rishborg Gron Crew 1985. The Henri Ja Rishaborg Gron Crew 1985 collection is a testament to the enduring legacy of one of Burgundy's most iconic wine makers and the timeless allure of wines that transcend generations. Our journey through the world's most expensive wine collections culminates in the heart of Champagne, France. Here, amidst the rolling hills and chalky soils, we encounter the legacy of Krug, a champagne house renowned for its unwavering commitment to quality, craftsmanship, and the pursuit of perfection. The year 1928 stands out as one of the most exceptional vintages in Champagne's history. Imagine a collection not merely a few bottles but an entire seller dedicated to Krug 1928. This rare and coveted champagne is renowned for its complex aromomas of toasted bread, hazelnut, dried fruit and spices. The Krug 1928 collection is a testament to the enduring allure of champagne's finest and the timeless appeal of wines that capture the essence of celebration, luxury, and the pursuit of perfection. From centuries old Bordeaux to the rising stars of Napa Valley, we've uncorked a world where passion and history collide. These collections aren't just about wealth. They're a testament to the human desire to own a piece of the extraordinary. Thank you for joining us on this journey through the world of the sold. Don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit the bell icon for more luxurious content. This is Royal Vibes TV, where we bring you the finest in life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Peacegloballuxe: :body-blue-raised-arms::body-blue-raised-arms::face-purple-crying:
  2. @markkinsella5245: AI landfill junk with a misleading title

- Michel Chasseuil: The Man Behind a 50M€ Wine Cellar | FULL DOCUMENTARY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In my 20ies, I started taking a few bottles of wine from my parents seller because back then in those days we mostly drank cider. We didn't know about all the gruid such as Petruse, which in fact at the turn of the century people would drink while out hunting on Sunday mornings. It really shows how much things have changed. I'd go and buy a few bottles of Burgundy, but at the time the quality wasn't great. People would say to me, "Why are you going to Burgundy to get booze? I went to do my military service in Strasburg." I was 20 at the time. When I was on leave, I stopped by in Paris. My father, who'd served in the military and was passionate about aviation, would tell me stories about pioneers like me and Giname. I started to think that maybe I could see myself working at DU. So I went to the personnel office and that's when I discovered the world of aviation and its secrets. I would take clients out to restaurants to maintain good relationships and boost airplane sales. That's when I started ordering fine wines at these top restaurants and that's where I learned about the GR crew with the help of the Sumelier who introduced me to the Medor and Santi Gr. After a fall in sales of the Rafal airplane, the company decided to offer a severance package with a bonus to a number of employees. They told me, "You're not going to have a big pension. Leaving your job at 47 means you won't get much when you retire." And that's when I realized I should invest my severance package and part of my bonus into wine. Here I'm unpacking a box of Chat Petruse Magnums. individual. I keep them in individual cases so no one knows what they are. If people realize it's Petru, they could get stolen. Given their value, there's at least 200,000 worth in here. Here I'm unpacking a double magnum. You have to be able to prove the bottles are authentic. So, you can't open the cases. I remember when I was around 15 or 16, he would scour auction rooms for rare and valuable bottles. But he often struggled financially to afford even a few of them. 5,1502 5,200 50 5,250 5,300. Sometimes he would end up taking my savings, the money I'd received as gifts from my grandparents and parents over the past 15 years. He came to see me one evening and he said, "I had to take your savings. I'm sorry, but I'll pay you back later. Don't worry." 6,200 6,300 sold for 6,300. 200074. Listen, I've got a rooster. I'm very proud of the fact that the rooster is France's emblem. Because you see, this rooster will fight to the death. It'll peck at my calves and attack me with its spurs. I sometimes fight it off with my rake, but it never gives in. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28oo I have a wine celler that's 28 m long by 6 m wide. No wonder it took 3,000 concrete blocks and five or six pallets of cement. Plus, to reinforce the cellar, we added 50 cm of surface covering on top of the reinforced concrete slabs with ventilation shafts. That means there's no air conditioning. The natural temperature ranges from 8° in the winter to 15° in the summer. When I was younger, his passion was all consuming. My father also had a second home that we were always fixing up during holidays and weekends. He didn't always have a lot of time to spend with me. We hardly ever went on holiday. We had to focus on renovating the house, expanding the cellar, and buying bottles to keep growing the collection. Good. Come on, boy. If you can hear me. Hi, Mr. Rooster. So here we are in my personal cellar. We have all kinds of wines. Bordeaux, Burgundy, Shaton, Dup, some from Crimea as well as Serns. There are some large bottles such as Magnums, Double Magnums, Jerry Bowms, Imperials, Methuselas, Salmanazars, basically the whole range of large-siz bottles. This is for my friends and family for when I host dinner parties. And over there, that dark spot, that's the dungeon for troublemakers. I was told one day you're going to get attacked. Oh, I was joking. By the way, it's not a dungeon. It's where I keep the secret for curve. This is where I make a sort of pen sha. Let's go and check it out together. The nectar. This small dungeon is actually where I make my only cur sort of pino. So here's the nectar in question. A little gem. These liquors were made by Mushui who died a few years ago. He crafted 33 different varieties using ingredients like holly, slow, rowan, elderberry, truffle, and even garlic. Do you know what's in this case? It's quantro from Guring. This case came all the way from Germany. A case of 12 bottles of quantro. And someday I'll give it a taste. They say that after 70 years it develops a different flavor like the chhatros from Teragona. Hallelujah. Even share us. Here's the complete Petrus collection, ranging from 1945 to today. There's one bottle on display and another in the case. The oldest ones are from 1914, 1928, and 1934. And here you've got them in 12 bottle cases. from 1971 onward. In the 1980s, before the famous Titanic film, I went to an auction in Versailles where they had bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac and Mari Bizar that was served on the Titanic. The bidding started at 300 Franks, then 400 Franks, and no one seemed interested. I put up my hand, and just like that, I won 10 gold flake marriage bottles. Everyone in the room was laughing. But after the Titanic movie hit the Shaniliz, the Mari Brisar company called me and said, "We would like to buy your Goldflake Mari Brisar bottle for €10,000." And at that auction, there were also bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac. None of the restaurant owners who were there for the Gong wines showed any interest in the cognac. So I put up my hand and asked if I could get one or two bottles. My friend said, "Grab both. You can sell one to pay for the other." I was low on cash, so I went with two bottles. And that's how I ended up with Napoleon's personal bottles from 1805 from the chat deontl. One day, I got a call from Mr. Shamuti, a brandy producer from Ukraine. He'd heard of me and seen me online and he wanted to invite me to his estate for a 50-year-old brandy tasting. To us, brandy is what we call cognac. During that visit, I met someone who said, "You have bottles from Napoleon's cellar, but I have one from Hitler's cellar." He said, "After the war, while the French were taking the silverware, we raided Hitler's Eagle's Nest and found this bottle. My great-grandfather had it. I asked him how much he earned each month. And he said, " $150." I told him, "Listen, if you find the bottle, I'll pay you a month's salary." So the next day, he came back to the hotel with the bottle, which had a photo of Hitler from 1942. It was a gift Hitler had given to his officers. Here you have a complete collection of EKM from 1900 to 2014 with one bottle for each year. I also keep a second bottle of each in reserve in case we need to recondition any of the bottles. And here's the incredibly rare 1811, which sold for $100,000 in Hong Kong a decade ago. The 1811, 1847, and 1921 are the three most sought after bottles from the last two centuries. Finding all three together is quite a feat. Well, here are the renowned Roman Conti bottles. I have about 40 different bottles with one case per year from 1971 onward. The highlight is the 1945 which went for $500,000 at Christiey's auction in Geneva. Not too long ago, when I bought this bottle in the 80s, it cost me 3 months salary, 115,000 Franks. I never dreamed it would someday be worth $450,000. Early one morning, I got a call. Hello, Mr. Chass. Yes, speaking. This is the principality of Monaco. His highness would like to visit your collection. I thought it was a joke. I said, "Cut it out." I figured it was just a friend playing a prank, but they assured me. No, no, no. I'm Colonel Franon the butler. This is very serious. I had heard from various sources that there was a collector in France gaining some recognition. I thought I'd check if it was possible to meet him. He agreed to meet with me and the small delegation that I brought along. I had a rough idea of his appearance, but he was much shorter than I had imagined. The prince came to see my collection. We were cataloging everything, and I could see he was genuinely bowled over. The experience was astonishing on many levels. The more we explored the seller, the rarer and more incredible the bottles became. I wanted to get his autograph. Of course, an hour passed, then two, then three, and I thought, I guess the autograph isn't going to happen. I asked him about how he managed to get certain cases and bottles. After we left the cellar and moved over to the kitchen, I asked, "Your highness, could I please have your autograph?" And he sat down at the table and said, "Yes, of course, Mr. Shassi." It was a spontaneous gesture. I can't quite explain how I felt in that moment. Later on, I was invited to the principality. It was a dream come true being there with Princess Caroline, with her son and Prince Albert. We enjoyed some exceptional wines in their private quarters. What makes a bottle of wine more sought after than another is its rarity. The rarer it is, the more people want to taste it, to hold it, to see it, making it all the more valuable. For a bottle to be considered rare, it can't just come from some unknown wine maker experimenting with 300 different bottles. That won't catch anyone's attention. It needs to come from a respected and recognized producer. People who seek out collectible bottles are often misunderstood. These aren't wines meant to be drunk. They're meant to be admired. And not everyone has the opportunity or the insight to grasp why these bottles are revered so highly. Right. It's Sunday, so let's give ourselves a treat. We're going to make a nice beef stew border style just to jazz it up a little. Yes, a bur binor is the classic. With a good bottle of Bordeaux, you'll get a whole different set of flavors. So, let's do it. Three or four onions. Nice and slow. Now some little potatoes from the ild. These look really good. Right into the pot they go. While that simmers, let's head to the cellar and pick out some nice booze. Not just any Bordeaux, but something with a bit of depth. Now that's got some texture. 1983. Perfect for a Bordeaux style beef dish, if you ask me. I always say that like in the best restaurants, a good wine makes a great sauce. This one's aged well. It's what we call a bit twile, which is normal given its age. We use the term twi when it turns slightly reddish brown with time. Let's pour it slowly into the sauce. And no, I definitely won't be using my prized 1931 Noval. Yes, indeed. I did manage to get my hands on the legendary 1931 Noval, the world's best port. One time in Paris, I was tasting ports with some top restaurant owners, and one of them said, "I've got a 63." And I said, "You've got a 63, a whole case." And then I asked, "But what about the 31?" He said, "Oh, sir, for 31, that's impossible to find. It's the port of the century." Then someone said, "Oh, there's an Englishman who's selling a bottle." Of course, the Brits, they're the experts when it comes to port, madiraa, and cherry. They're 10 years ahead of us. I went over to see him, and he said, "Yes, I've got one, but it'll cost you several bottles of Petrus if you want it." So, I offered him six bottles of Petrus 85. Are you joking? He said, turns out he knew exactly what it was worth. two full cases of Petrus 85, he said. Oh man, I thought it was over. I went back the next day with two cases of Petrus 85. The guy was a bit stunned and he handed over the 31 and into the cellar it went. And just recently I saw an ad in Asia saying looking for any Norville National 1931 asking price $100,000. My two cases of Petrus 85 are nowhere near worth $100,000. So in the end I actually got another pretty sweet deal. I'm just making my little tart, but the fact is I ended up being ranked among the top 10 collectors in the world. Who would have thought I'd make it to number one? Yep. Two of them turned out to be frauds. One's in prison. Another guy in Germany has been around for ages and one passed away from cancer. So now I'm the number one collector in the world. I guess you can say sometimes fate works in mysterious ways. So many fakes have been sold at auctions that one day Morin Donaire, a renowned wine expert, showed up at my place with a colleague. I saw her arriving with scanners, magnifying glasses, and lamps to check the labels. This expert was on a mission to track down counterfeiters worldwide. And they figure that the guy from Lashelbat must have some fakes in his cellar. Unfortunately for them, there wasn't a single fake to be found. These days, the best way to ensure a bottle is genuine is to buy it directly from the estate that produced it. So now I'm heading out of my little hotel and setting off to cover the entire Burgundy vineyard, visiting all my producers from Mau to Shamberta. So, I'm off to collect my little [Applause] Today we're at Domin Marsh, a prestigious estate with a plot called La Grand, right next to the Dom Romani. I've been coming here regularly for about 30 years to stock up. Here we'll be tasting a selection of GR crew and crew including Grand Shis and others. We're being graciously hosted by the daughter who's in charge of the sellers. That's what you call the seller master, right? Exactly. So, we are moving on to the wine tasting. It's an introduction to the vintage wines that will shortly become part of my collection and of course Vujo as well. There must be around 50 different owners of that vineyard. 56 owners with 85 producers. Can you imagine Vujo is divided between 50 different owners. So when someone says they've had Claude Devour, it doesn't really mean much. You need to specify which claou you had. As each owner has their own section of the vineyard and each section produces a different wine, the wine- making process also varies. So, it's crucial to mention the owner's name when you say you've had a cla de vour. When Mr. Sheri first started visiting the estate, he brought his wine out of pure passion and would eat sandwiches and sleep in his car, preferring to spend all his money on his hobby. That's the memory we have of him. It's been that way for a long time. Actually, it's always been like that. Well, thank you. Okay. See you soon. And here's to good health above all. You, too. And how old are the kids now? Oh, they're 12 now. So, here we are at the Romany Conti estate. Typically, you need an appointment to visit, but I come every year to pick up my case. The clientele is already set in stone. And each customer has their allowance every year. Oh, I go to around 15 in a day. So, I'm here to pick up my prized MU from the Kosh Duri estate, one of the most prestigious estates in Burgundy. White wine, of course. Is this the way to the cellar? Yes, downstairs. Because it's a new cellar. Oh, yes. Here are the cases. Let's put them in the boot. Yes. Can we get the cases first? The renowned domier. I get a bottle of mine every 5 years and I'm quite lucky. Anyway, I don't sell them because obviously private buyers who buy and then resell them for five or six times the price. Well, see you next year then. See you next year, Mr. Cheso. Have a good trip. Goodbye. What I admire is that he didn't just come with a watt of cash saying, "I'll buy this bottle. I'll buy that one." No, he was patient and worked closely with the wine makers exchanging bottles in the process. It's a huge amount of work, but most of all, it's meticulous work because he didn't force any of it. He just stayed persistent, and that indeed deserves recognition. I had the build for running. So I was selected to run the New York Marathon in 1979. There were three of us from Duo. And before we left, they told me, "Well, you'll get to taste some chat deso with the Americans from Maso's estate." So I completed it in 3 hours and 15 minutes. I was quite the athlete, as they say. And in the evening, we enjoyed our shuttle des. Then I met some American friends after the marathon at Central Park. Oh, we've got some Pomerall at home. Really? Shut Fetty Cle. I didn't know Fetty Cle at the time. Yes, but we haven't heard from them for two years. A lovely lady runs it and she used to send us six bottles every year for the holiday season. So, I went back to my job at Dao and I looked up clean. I found the number, called the I heard a voice saying, "Oh, help. Help. I'm thirsty. I'm hungry. They've taken all my stuff. what's going on? I told my colleague, "Do you hear that? What's this all about?" And we thought it was just an old crank. So, we hung up. And a week later, I called again and got the same message. It was clear something serious was going on. I had the time to do whatever I wanted, so I decided to leave at 3:00 a.m. and drive 600 km in my old Peugeot 204. It's about an 8-hour drive. I planned to drive through the night to get there at dawn and then back to work at Desau. As I drove along the motorway, I kept asking myself, "What am I doing? What's the point of this? What am I going to find?" And I kept driving and driving until finally I arrived in Pomer. I spent half an hour circling around before I finally saw Chat Fit painted on a wall. What a relief. The fog was starting to lift and I was exhausted. I pulled into the courtyard and then I saw a dog chained up and barking furiously and there was a man there looking quite rough with two missing front teeth. He asked, "What are you doing here? Who are you?" And I was confronted by this man who was obviously tasked with keeping the lady inside. Amidst the shouting, the shutters of the house began to open slowly and I saw a face just the nose and eyes and the head of an older woman with long straggly hair and a look of deep sadness and I said, "Hello, good morning." Immediately her eyes lit up. Here was a woman who had been held captive for months. Maybe here was a glimmer of hope, an English-sp speakaking person. Could it be possible? maybe he'll be able to help me. And I quickly asked her, "How are you, Madame Dog?" She said, "Oh, I'm so hungry and thirsty," speaking in both French and English at the same time. I went inside and saw everything scattered on the floor, dishes, clothes, shirts, photos. She said to me, "Since 1977, I've had everything taken from me. I was so starved. I had to remember the survival training from the American Commando courses that I'd taken." She told me I was collecting worms from the ditches in Pome, eating pine nuts that I gathered from umbrella pine trees, catching crickets and scavenging for whatever I could find here and there. I left for Paris thinking, "This is unbelievable. What did I just witness? What a story this old lady in Pomerall has." So I said to my friend, "Come back with me to Bordeaux and you can sit in the back with the old lady while I drive and we'll take turns. I returned to Bordeaux a week later, picked up Mrs. Dome, and drove her back to Paris. And since I just separated from my wife, there were no family complications to deal with. I had time to take care of this lady and be curious enough to find out what was going on and to host her at my place. I mean, she hadn't showered in 6 months. The smell was awful. Like a barnyard, we say. So, I took off her dirty, greasy Astroan coat and put it to one side. I put her in the bathtub and the water quickly turned into something that looked like manure because she was so filthy. She hadn't washed in 6 months. Just muck. My son came in and said, "Dad, what's going on with this old lady? Give me the scissors." I cut through her blouse, her clothes, even her underwear, and tossed everything into the laundry basket. And there she was, stuck naked. this poor old lady who was like, "Oh, in the bathtub making the most of it." I thought to myself, "This is quite a scene." I said to Jeremy, "Hand me those old pajamas and the old dressing gown." I gave her the dressing gown and we sat down to eat. I watched as this radiant old lady enjoyed her meal. We'd made a stew and I saw her eating and then hiding some bread. What was she doing? She was hiding pieces of bread, stashing them away whenever we weren't looking. She must have thought it might not last. I cared for this lady for six years from 79 to 85. Jeremy was 12 and had already started in secondary school. She taught him English. She was like his granny calling him my darling. We became a little family. Time went on in this way and I ended up becoming her legal representative. If anyone thought I was taking care of her out of self-interest, I can only say that when I first met her, I had no idea that Chateau Fit was hers through her late husband's inheritance. In 1985 she died from a blood clot at New York hospital and that's when my lawyer informed me Mr. Shasser she has named you the sole heir to the vineyards of chat fetit clean. I discovered who Jean Gabrielle Dome was, the famous painter known for his paintings of long necked women. I managed to recover a few of his less notable paintings from the attic as most of the valuable ones had been looted. I had Madame Dome laid to rest in Azha in the family tomb carved and sculpted by the painter himself, complete with a magnificent crest depicting the family patriarch. It was then lying in pieces. As time passed, my son grew up and became an anologist. To honor her memory, I decided we needed to do something special. So instead of calling it Chat Fet, we created a Ku Marg. One year, we had labels printed in her honor and crafted a special cu named Ku Maris Dome. Over the 40 years I've been collecting wine, I've crossed paths with hundreds of people. Just to give you an idea, I've got all the business cards from those encounters right here. And there are still just as many here. I end up sorting them into little piles by country, by champagne. Sometimes I get a call. Hello, this is Jepierre. Jean Pierre? Sure, but which Jeepierre? I know seven of them. He's got no idea. I don't have a secretary or a computer. Everything's organized in the oldfashioned way. If I had all the resources to fulfill my dreams, it wouldn't be to buy a Rolls-Royce or a private jet. Instead, I'd build a kind of louv for wine. A grand international museum for posterity, a place to teach, to showcase to the public, a cultural center for wine tasting. So, here are the plans for my wine museum. I'm just waiting on the building permit. You see, that's my house. The current seller holds 40,000 bottles, but the plan is to extend it into a 50 m long space that would reach all the way to the little path over there. We're going to start by digging out the cellar, setting it up, and covering it. So, they arrived just over a week ago with a truck and an excavator. They dug out more than a 100 truckloads, which we deposited in the field over there, the field with the deer, and it's still too small. I built the first cellar in 1990, and by 2000 it was full. And in 2000, I renovated the cellar you see now. By 2020, it was full again. So, I'm hoping this one will last until 2041 when I'll turn 100. When I think about it, I've got 6,000 of these slats with 25,000 screws. Oh, the work. 500 partition walls to place side by side, 30 cm apart to store the cases and build 4,000 compartments. Before I can even start on this wine temple extravaganza, it's going to take a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, I reckon. Come here. It fits. Oh, check this out. This is the champagne of choice for American rappers and singers. Can you imagine? A goldplated Jerry bow arm de Brinyak champagne. Very well known. They bring these bottles to celebrate, to party. I'm very careful with this bottle. I can assure you I take care of it. Let's get some of this dust off. Fitting the shelves. That's what's the most time consuming. I need 21 12 cm for this one. Hope it'll fit. After sorting my 50,000 bottles into their respective compartments, white wine, red wine, I'm in the alcoholarium. And among the 3,000 or 4,000 bottles, one of the last bottles was a port from 1941, the year I was born. Here's the outfit I wore during the six months I spent organizing my sellers. I was too lazy to shave in the morning. So, for the last 40 days, I've been sporting these old velvet trousers and this goatey beard. The mustache could work, but it does look a bit strange. It's true that lately I've been gaining more and more global recognition, but there's a downside. One morning, bright and early, I was kidnapped, held hostage, and tortured by 11 thugs. I was sleeping peacefully in bed around 7 or 8:00 when the doorbell rang. Dingdong, ding, dong. A delivery this early? What's going on? It's usually later. So, I slipped into my pajamas and rushed to the door, thinking I might miss the delivery if I'm not quick. I opened the door, saw no one around, and as I stepped outside, I spotted a truck parked against the wall with someone inside. I said, "What's going on?" They replied, "It's a wine delivery." The guy sat down a wine box and said, "Now sign the delivery slip." And just as I bent down to pick up the box, the UPS truck, part of the whole setup, opened up and out popped four guys with AK-47s shouting, "Don't move or you're dead." And at that moment, I thought, "So, today's the day." Because I'd been hearing for ages, "With all the talk about your wine celler, you're bound to get robbed eventually." They dragged me into the first cellar. I saw only four of them initially, but there were 11 thugs in total. They'd come to steal some cases of wine with four trucks from up north for their boss. They took me down into the first small cellar and started hitting me, demanding, "Where's the key to the armored cellar?" They tortured and beat me up. At one point, they said, "Hold on. He's going to give us a key." Then they told one of them, "Tie his hands with duct tape." So there I was, hands bound together with duct tape. And then I had this huge brute, a guy about six feet tall, right in front of my face, twisting my fingers until I was screaming. The others could hear me shouting from a distance, let me tell you. In the end, my little finger was so messed up, the nerves were torn, and it was flailing around uncontrollably. Suddenly, I saw one of them show up with a shotgun and two shells, saying, "I'm going to shoot you in the stomach." I said, "I don't have the key." Another one came with two screwdrivers and put one each side of my neck and he said, "I'm going to stab you in the neck if you don't give me the key." Damn it. You're desperately trying to find a way to survive. And it seemed like I was growing more resilient to the torture. Since my hands were already bound together with duct tape, I kept repeating, "Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me." They couldn't kill me, otherwise they'd leave empty-handed, so I wasn't afraid of dying. But in my mind, it was all about preventing them from getting through the armored door. And then they realized they weren't going to break me. So they left, locking me inside the cellar with the heavy oak door and its massive bolt. So there I was, trapped in my own cellar behind that godforsaken door. I thought to myself, maybe this is my chance to escape. But I knew that as soon as I tried to get away, they'd spot me and say, "Look, he's trying to escape." And I'd end up getting beaten even more. So I had to think quickly. The situation was about survival. Maybe I could break down the door. I had a heavyduty strut filled with glass that I sometimes use when I'm away for a week. I grabbed it and struck the door. Bang. But that oak door would not budge. I tried hitting the lower hinge. Bang. Bang. I managed to squeeze through a hole like a rat. And when I got out, there was nobody around. I ran up the stairs. Still no one. Finally, I made it to my brother-in-law's place and he yel, "Danielle, Danielle, call the police. I've been robbed. 15 minutes later. The village was swarming with cops and fire trucks, cars at every intersection. It looked like a full-scale manhunt and I was in my pajamas and it felt like something out of a movie. By 10:00 a.m. I was wondering what on earth was happening. They laid me down in the ambulance and took me to the hospital where I spent the entire afternoon. And then they said, "Well, we need to search your house. I said, "Wait, it's 7:00 p.m. I have friends coming to visit my little wine seller. They'll be upset if I'm not there." Don't worry, Mr. Chass. Let's go, guys. And with the sirens blaring, the cops guiding us through the streets. We reached Chapel Borto just 10 minutes later. I saw all my friends at the back. Hey, Michelle, you're late again. What's going on? They had no idea what had happened. A copper went up to them and said, "You know, Mr. Shass with what's just happened to him." Really? Oh, well, yes. Well, it's true. Okay. Okay. Then we'll go home. I said, "No, no, guys. You're here now. We're not going home. Let's grab the bottles we'd planned to taste. But Michelle, given the state you're in, don't worry. I'll tell you my story. It'll help me feel better. We'll have a drink, forget what's happened, and keep going. I'm still alive. That's what matters." By midnight, everyone was in high spirits. Hey, Michelle, don't you have any more bottles? We'll all pitch in. And we kept drinking till 3:00 a.m. So, instead of being alone at home after the robbery, dwelling on what had happened, this allowed me to chat. And by 3:00 a.m., I fell asleep as if nothing had happened. Yes, most wines are meant to be drunk, but perhaps these particular bottles are more valuable than that. as they represent memories, history, and geography. They have many stories to tell. We shouldn't drink them. What happens once the bottle is empty? The story is gone. If a wine from the Napoleonic era leaves its bottle, then Napoleon himself disappears along with it. Hello, brother. It's an honor to meet you. Thank you, brother. So I'm putting on protective gloves to handle this little relic which is a book published in 1845. This book is a catalog of all the plants used in making the chart leur from Tarragona in Spain. It was considered a medicinal elixir back then. To treat the monks isolated in their Spanish monastery for 175 years, they relied on centuries of trial and error, mixing various plants to cure all sorts of ailments. They ended up using over 130 different plants. But on top of that, there are roots, lychans, and even insect wings. Nowadays, chhatros is made in Varon, France, but it's just a copy made with various crops. Most of the original plants used in the chhatros deagona no longer exist due to pollution. I thought to myself, if I ever have trouble reaching 100, at least I'll be able to have a spoonful of this chart tagona now and then as a rejuvenating remedy. Since the medicinal liquor oxidizes with air and I've already consumed 2/3 of it, I keep adding glass beads every time I drink from it. So spicy orange blossom, quint paste, candid oranges, exotic. Superb. All those wonderful years on the road searching for you. At the crossroads of our fates, your presence guided the frail child I once was and shaped me into a man. The maiden journey that so many have embarked on sparked the flame of the explorer within me. I've braved arid plains, crossed valleys with unstable cliffs, and walked the earth, driven on by the unspoken passion of a magnificent quest. From the echoes of Burgundy's bell towers to the shade of Santillon's streams, the deep roots of the vines coarse through my veins. Stone by stone, the challenges I faced were a testament to my ambition. I have sometimes faltered under the weight of my dreams. Betrayed by resolve, yet saved by audacity. Following in the footsteps carved out by cathedral builders, I have achieved the impossible through blood, sweat, and tears. This timeless creation bestows its artist with an everlasting legacy. Here lies salvation, the ultimate reward. Now it's time to reconnect at long last. Heat. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SLICE_Full_Doc [35 likes]: If you enjoyed this documentary on renowned wine lover Michel Chasseuil, be sure to check out "Vino Business" which explores the world of fine wine 🍷✨ http://bit.ly/4fbsgLf
  2. @stingray427man: exquisite
  3. @felixlahaye: Hello! Is there a non-dubbed version of the documentary for french speakers?
  4. @owjianbang01: God bless michel Chasseuil , feytit Clinet is a space in my cellar run by Jeremy Chasseuil
  5. @toxygeniusc: Impressive! Hard work, passion, love and discipline...
  6. @Sever.1989.: Watched probably 20 times still not enough!
  7. @pauljordan7465: He forgot his son
  8. @jean-claudedouguet3376: The story of Mary Alice Domergue when rescued by Monsieur Chasseuil and his family is very moving.
  9. @andydidcott: Better get a move on michel, you’ve a few bottles to sup in there.
  10. @jean-francoisouimet8597: Et bien! JE suis ravie d'apprendre à vous connaître!! Quelle jeune âme! 😂❤
  11. @Wulfrygg: This guy is the 2nd coming of Louis de Funès
  12. @DJCypha: What an incredible story of a truly amazing man. What a thrilling documentary, just remarkable!
  13. @ryan.6.9.6.9: Wow I really enjoyed this.. he seems like such a genuinely good person who loves what he does..
  14. @rastislavsmerecky1384: I am saving this one to my "Ratatouille" playlist
  15. @brianfrykman7454: So fun!
  16. @balipan09: I'd love to share a bottle of Château Latour with Michel and discuss BBQ in great depth.
  17. @Brianblessed-u4j: A very artistic man, with a very intriguing story
  18. @monbeauparfum1452: Nothing worse than listening 2 voices at the same time, just subtitle it!!!
  19. @WiildCatt: What a fantastic documentary! I was captivated by the dedication, personality and happiness of Michel! This documentary was one of the best I have watched for a long time! 🎉
  20. @ToscanaHaiPhong: 노년에 끝이 아름다워야한다더만, 노년에 노망이 드셨어... 말년에 나폴레옹 신드롬에 빠져바렸네...

- Inside New York’s Exclusive Billionaire Wine Tastings: Kind: captions Language: en Mark Oldman: $20,000 a bottle at least. Maybe $30,000 a bottle. Welcome to the Wine Sanctuary. Emily Christian: Today, we are getting an inside look into one of New York City's most exclusive wine-tasting experiences. We are stepping into the Wine Sanctuary of Mark Oldman, a world-renowned wine expert with a personal collection that he says is worth over half a million dollars. A private tasting with Mark is an experience usually reserved for A-list wine lovers willing to shell out up to $3,000 a ticket. But today, Mark's going to teach me how to taste like a billionaire. [Mark groans] Emily: I did it. Mark: You're killing me. Emily: I talked about wine. Mark: Honestly, I've been on the scene in New York ever since I taught my wine seminars in SoHo 25 years ago. I've gone to countless wine tastings. Even though sometimes I teach very illustrious wines, at my heart I'm an anti-snob, and I want people to feel comfortable around wine. Château d'Yquem 1937. Some say this is the best year of the best dessert wine. These are Henri Jayer, the godfather of all Burgundy winemakers. They look like humble bottles, but this would probably be $20,000 a bottle at least, maybe $30,000 a bottle. The name is Richebourg, and you could say this is the ultimate riche beverage. This is Madeira from 1933. 1933 was the year of the repeal of Prohibition. Emily: Mark's "Drink Like a Billionaire" wine tastings are named after his newest book. They are a bespoke series of group events ranging from $499 all the way up to $3,000 a person that aim to teach anyone wanting to broaden their vocabulary in the world of wine. Mark: "Like a Billionaire" tastings, most of them are here at my Wine Sanctuary. And I built this, brick by brick, furnishing by furnishing, to be a cozy getaway from the velocity of life. I've had no end of celebrities, sports figures, many illustrious people come through here. Billionaires want the best of everything, but they don't necessarily order from the reserved list at a restaurant. They want to economize, just like everyone else. So, part of my job is to help people figure out what they like and what they don't like. While giving them a framework. Opening people's eyes to the possibilities in wine is what I'm all about. Emily: I sat down with Mark to experience one of his tastings firsthand and hopefully pick up a few useful tips along the way. Mark: I want to show you how different various styles of a particular wine can be. I mean, that's one of the great lessons that my clients learn, that there are different manifestations depending on the sunshine in the region and the soil and so forth. So, we have two sauvignon blanc, and then you spin it, then you smell it. Try that. Tilt it right in. Nose in. [sniffing] Mm. Emily: Hmm. Is that part of it? Mark: Yeah, yeah. If you want to double the magnitude of the smell, cover the wine with your hand. Emily: Also it helps any splash that may happen. Mark: Exactly. Smell it. And what's the difference when you smell it now? Emily: It's stronger. Mark: Much stronger. Emily: It is much stronger! Mark: Lid it, smell it, and then drink. Both: Mm. Mark: Do not drink sequentially. Drink simultaneously. Emily: Ooh. Mark: Now go back to that one. Good. For two different sauvignon blancs... Emily: I like how I'm just getting to drink two wines. Mark: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, what's the difference between these two? Emily: This one seems crisper to me, a little lighter. Mark: Completely. Emily: And this one's, like, creamier. Emily: I did it! Mark: Let's show you a porrón. In Spain, they're really into celebration. What we're going to do, you can do it with any wine, but I like white wine because it doesn't stain. Emily: Right, 'cause there's a high-percentage chance that I'm gonna spill something. Mark: Yeah, let me just show you how it's done. So, what you do is you start it with the spout close to your mouth, and then you arc it out like a Roman fountain. Emily: OK. Whoa! Oh, I'm going to mess that up. I'm a little nervous. Mark: So, close, and then tilt it towards you. Excellent, and then up, up. Oh, that's good for your first time, that's amazing. Emily: This is my new favorite way to drink wine. I'm all in. I'm all in on the porrón. Wow, beautifully done. Beautifully done. Mark: Excellent. Yeah. Oh, perfect! And what I like to show my clients is that pinot noir actually tastes better, and lighter reds and sometimes for some people all reds, when it has a bit of a chill. I know it might seem like you're a philistine. But no, no, no. Emily: I'm really excited for what you're about to do. Mark: Order a little thing of ice. And here we go. And waiters who are truly wine-savvy will know what we're doing and not have a problem with it. Emily: This makes me feel justified about things that I've done before in the safety of my own apartment. Mark: There are those purists who have dilution anxiety, so what you can do is leave it in let's say 30 seconds and fish it out. Emily: That way it doesn't get watered down. Mark: Right. Emily: I see, I see. Mark: But we're all friends here. Emily: Yeah, we're going to leave it in because I've done that before and it tastes good. Mark: So try, oh yeah, so let's try your pinot when it's cooler. And you see how the flavors are focused? Emily: Yes. Mark: It's more refreshing. Emily: Yes. I really like wine. This is a really good day for me. Mark: So, for the final test, to see if you've really learned how to be a wine connoisseur, is we are going to pour Champagne against non-Champagne bubbly and see if you can taste which is the Champagne. Emily: So, I know Champagne only means the wine that comes from the region of Champagne, correct? Mark: Precisely. But only those grapes, from that region, can be called Champagne. Everything else is sparkling wine, or cava or prosecco, yeah. Emily: I'm ready. Mark: You're ready. And look at this. A blindfold. Mark: So, I'm pouring two cava. Cava is basically what they call Champagne in Spain. Emily: What should I be tasting to know that it's Champagne? Mark: Does it taste perhaps higher quality? Often, Champagne has a certain yeasty, and I mean that in a good way, baked-bread quality to it. And so the question is, does one of these have that extra dimension. Mark: So, two Spanish cava, one Champagne. Like a shell game, I'm going to move these around. One of the cava has a bit of rosé, just to make it even more difficult. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Try, try, go to this one. No, no, to your left. Yeah, lid it, spin it. Another thing about real Champagne is the bubbles, the texture tend to be pinpoint, they're not bigger. They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry. They have a kind of creamy texture. Emily: This to me feels like the Canada Dry. I'm ready for the next one. Mark: Your second is right here. Is this the Champagne, or is it the cava? We don't know, you're going to have to test it out. Emily: It smells different than the first. Mark: Breathe it all in and then taste it. Emily: I think this is the Champagne. Mark: Taste it. Why do you think this is the Champagne? Emily: It had that yeasty smell, and it has those creamier bubbles. I think this is, I haven't tasted a lot but I think this is it. I feel confident. Mark: Now try the third. Emily: This one, this is the rosé. Mark: Oh! Emily: Am I right? Are you kidding me? Yes. Thank you. Mark: I can't believe it. Emily: I can't believe it! Mark: We have a $20 Spanish cava against a $70 real Champagne versus a cava rosé. You guessed every single one of these. Ooh, I knew it! Mark: It's amazing how people at the very top of wine truly know how to relax around wine. As time goes on, you learn to loosen up about it and that the strict rules you thought were there are no longer there, and you can have fun with it and find out what you truly like. This is your portable la dolce vita, and that is maybe the best way to end any wine tasting. The look on her face says it all. Emily: Mark has shown me that to drink with the city's elite, all it takes is just a little bit of know-how and a whole lot of knowing how to have a good time. I think I'm a little tipsy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yulfi [1 likes]: "They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry" 😂
  2. @fanatiek1 [1 likes]: Anti snob 🤣🤣🤣
  3. @ms97-studio9: Ever wonder why some people have a distaste for those exclusive, ultra-high-end wine spots in New York? There’s a place out there so elite that you basically need to be a celebrity or incredibly wealthy just to get a personalized tasting with the owner. And that kind of exclusivity is exactly why everyday folks feel alienated by these places.
On the flip side, we have people like André Mack, a down-to-earth sommelier who became known through the Bon Appétit YouTube channel. He brings wine culture to the average person and makes it accessible and relatable. It’s people like him who open doors rather than close them, and that’s exactly the kind of attitude that earns respect from the broader community. 

Some might argue that keeping things exclusive for the upper class is intentional—I get it. There’s a certain allure in catering to a niche crowd. But in reality, a smaller vineyard selling moderately priced wines consistently over time is often far more profitable. Those ultra-rare, one-bottle sales might make headlines, but the vineyards offering quality bottles at $10 to $50 a pop are playing the long game and bringing in way more steady revenue. It’s the difference between a one-off luxury splash and sustainable, inclusive success.
  4. @chulangaaverilhettiarachch3267: To the person reading this: Even though I don’t know you, I wish you the best of what life has to offer ❤
  5. @guitar911rock: he's not even drinking inn crystal glasses. this guy sux
  6. @spamham1976: 500k collection and serves 20$ wine. Yeah ok buddy. You can keep those empty bottles and tell someone else a story
  7. @watchoutticktock3660: 😩
  8. @SpencerMedici: It's hard to beat the DRC
  9. @TheShangdi: Pembicaraan ttg pengorbanan di UKRIDA :
@Niko Panjaitan
@Josua Satria Collins Ginting
@Ricky Pramono Hasibuan

@Microsoft Excel Sekolah Maria Fransisca
  10. @chicagolifetv: I love the insider girls mouth and the way she talks❤
  11. @thewhitewolf58: Poor people go on pub crawls. The rich have "wine tastings."
  12. @petemccutchen3266: This guy doesn't actually seem to know a lot about wine.  He's no sommelier.  And -- I have to say, I very much doubt billionaires taste with him.
  13. @westgarthwines: Makes you wonder what his casual, everyday wine choice would be. '61 Cheval Blanc and a burger?
  14. @LagunaSomm: $3,000 per ticket? Okay, that’s actually not bad at all. When I heard the words “billionaire” and “celebrity” and saw the prices on the bottles, I was thinking it was going to be ten times more, but I could actually afford that. I mean, not once a month, but maybe once as a Christmas or Birthday present or something, you know?
  15. @neomage2021: That 1933 Madeira isn't priceless. I paid $700 for that
  16. @timchase9829: Full bottles much more exciting that his collection of mt ones
  17. @VividMiddle: hold by the stem sir.
  18. @paris8777: why does this feel like a parody episode 😆
  19. @user-cp5rs4vt8t: Well he is no snob alright... did not open his jacket when sitting down.
  20. @DanaSeat: I like wine🍷🍾

- £1,000,000 Demand for Luxury Wine Collection  | Posh Pawn S3 E5 | Our Stories: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] over the last decade the number of people porning high-end items and seeking business loans has increased by 10% I don't live that lifestyle anymore sadly I've got some items here that I'd like to porn now in its sixth year what the hell is it this porn shop loans against virtually anything and everything with value that is incredible owner James Constantino will consider big money deals oh my God from anywhere in the world I can smell the money this morning an inquiry has come in from lanzerotti Joe come and have a look at this it better be interesting it is the Fell's got a million EUR worth of wine in a uh in a restaurant wow I love oldie worldy things don't you you yeah that's not nice is it when I first heard the sum of a million EOS I was jumping up and down for Joy I thought this could be a big one and we were going to earn a lot of money out of it selling the wine on behalf of a client is entrepreneur Gilbert what are you looking for on that I love selling I'm the go-to man on the island of course I would sell it the kidney if I got the right price they have a vintage wine collection dating back to 1855 and I believe there's over 4,000 bottles I'm very busy every day right now my have a nice meal Gilbert's client and wine owner is 78-year-old restaurant her and German expat ant G I like it to serve the peoples because I know all the peoples every day I see peoples I know and that is what I like but no more I cannot do it till I'm 100 years old it's not possible you know I have to make SL 7 months ago an's husband Jurgen died leaving herself and seven children including 53-year-old be I like this photo that is the best photo from my husband my dear he enjoyed the moment and they know and for this we have a very good collection because he love the wines not like the wines he love the wines you know right like no a lip Divine yeah yeah yeah right my husband like wines and foods and havanas and girls and me and that is a good collection all together Jurgen started his wine collection in 1969 we have three rooms with wine very expensive yes it's very expensive all the wines are very expensive Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother this bottles they made for the birthday of Queen Mother when we came here we have nearly 6,000 bottles but the collection is now smaller because we drink a lot by ourself and with friends and now it's not so much this row is a special wine Romani Conti 1,700 one bottle if you sit down and drink a bottle of this wine with your wife she love you more and more I think more than th000 yes yeah an G now wants to return to Germany and hopes to sell the wine as one lot my husband was with heart and soul to collect this wines I know that he will say from the heaven it's okay you make it my darling they want €1 million for the whole collection and and have tasked middleman Gilbert with finding a buyer I've approached James because of his reputation uh within the UK he's the guy I believe can sell it with me of course closing deals on the weird and wonderful I don't know who would be interested in this never actually had anything like it hasn't always paid off oh no what have we done James was put on this Earth to make money so if he loses it he's absolutely devastated his most recent purchase is a motorbike that is only for show what is this Chris Al you bought this I got it carried away you did this with the horse now you got this they're typical things that I personally love to get involved with and to be honest with you I shouldn't probably have bought them today to make room at the front of the store for his new bike James has decided to finally let go of his beloved horse and armor good afternoon how you doing mate you're right I'm okay thanks I've got an idea thinking this suit of armor trying to get everyone to sell it B offering a prize Lawrence you up for this depends what the prize is James let's have a prize of 500 Quid how much are we selling it for let's say 5 and a half grand for the suit of armor that's a fair price and they have to pick up themselves or you've got to ride it over there half an hour good luck May the best man win or lady C bye bye all John that suit of armor you want it it's yours for 5 and/ half Grand get a bank transfer the next half an hour I'm up a monkey cool sorted okay came on oh dear despite head office being in haon Garden James still likes to visit his sorry shops especially when there's a new client with a big ticket item this is a Bentley mole saying it's absolutely beautiful I mean it is the dogs dood do to be honest with you the inside of it it's like a private jet they're amazing they've got drinks cabinets fridges TVs but you got to be careful some of these cars can be a little bit dodgy there are a lot of clones out there as well so we need to do our checks fly get it all inspected make sure all the numbers match up service please on your backs back please porning the Bentley is Ed a 23-year-old head chef from h don't start going yet just leave him on the front for now after leaving school at 16 he's been working his way up the catering ladder what's not to love about being in a kitchen mate it's hot and sweaty spend all your time in close proximity with men that's why Matt loves it isn't it Matt T 21 two Toasties and a sandwich I was uh head chef at 19 nearly 20 it is quite young but in the shove World more than any it's more about the talent rather than the age and now we going one step further and opening up a pub running it for ourselves training our own staff Ed and his partners are planning to reopen a 17th century coaching in in buckinghamshire but not before undertaking a major refurbishment so this is going to be the first gastro pub the business plan is to have four in four years which is quick progression for a gas TR Pub company this one's got to be right before we move on to any more so this here is where I want the the roller specials poured Ed will be living in and running the pub with his girlfriend Chloe but the business is an extended family affair my Godfather's uh invested a lot of time and money I'm sort of more creative side he's very much the accounting side the project is a total is probably going to come to about 400 £450,000 we're short about about 50 g round in total that we uh we need to finish off the project to the right standard so that's what we're hoping to get they're hoping to raise the £50,000 quickly by porning the 2-year-old Bentley mulain so this is the beautiful car that my Godfather's lending me to take a loan out against she's an absolutely stunning car I'm hopeful that James has a good understanding of of of why we need the money and and give us the money we need to finish the project but will he be able to give Ed the cash he needs for his new business with his flagship store in Hatton Garden the heart of London's Diamond District porn shop boss James now has four gem experts working across his three branches ala how can I we have hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gemstones coming through the door almost on a weekly basis and the staff must be able to appraise everything not just the diamonds 5 karat it's a it's a a big boy this one at the Richmond store the company's longest serving geologist Kristen has been sent an inquiry about a stone that's far from the norm I've got an opal here from a customer that's in the boulder still it's in the fossil there's probably a few hundred carats worth we do deal with gemstones and Opals but normally they're in a piece of Jew with not in a rock it's a challenge cuz I mean how do you sell something like that what do you think your piece of rock yeah it's not just a piece of rock it's a fil with opal in it hi it's Kristen from Prestige you want my piece of rock get me it I'll sell it I will in the heart of the Lake District lives the opal's owner 56-year-old David I found see a cup of tea with his two dogs Sparky Robbie David and his mom Anne hello yeah don't forget just one lump of sugar please right thank you who he cares for full time oh goly me that's not very sweet well you've had your lamp of sugar in it oh well never mind I normally put you three or four sweeteners in three or four yeah don't forget the key please no I've got the key okay I do majority of the work the washing making lunch making tea mom sort of got Beyond sort of doing that sort of thing come on Mrs Jay out you come we've always done things together even when Dad was alive and then when you came along got interesting Stones we used to go rock hunting together yeah and you loved going around with your geological Hammer all you kept doing Hammer Hammer Hammer just by chance dad just stopped you hitting a stick of dynamite God what would have happened if you'd hit that we'd have got blown up oh David be careful with that his childhood outings led to a lifelong passion and now David and Anne regularly sell some of his vast collection of gems at local craft fairs I know my [Laughter] Stones morning doc good morning oh it's a beautiful piece that we've both been in here for years we enjoy it it's part of our lives really coming in here get us some coffee please yes put some sugar in it please I tell you what it's busy there's not a soul out there but David and an's outings are now at risk after months of car problems unfortunately it's using an awful lot of water we don't really know why about every 30 or 40 mil we have to stop and top the car up up it's a bit of a nuisance really it's come to the crunch now that something's going to have to be done I've decided that I would try and sell my piece of boulder opal which I've had for many years I bought it when I was 16 I think it cost £30 or £40 then which in that day was a lot of money the minimum I would accept is £2,000 for it if it's less than that I would keep it because it's worth more than that to me will the team be able to keep David and an Mobile by finding a buyer for such an unusual piece over 1,000 inquiries come through the doors of the porn shop every week I like to sell some of my jewelry okay and over half of the team's working hours are spent securing buyers for those items I've got someone who's uh put a firm bid forward their latest client is Their Own Boss I've had a fill of this now to be fair James has offered a 500 bonus to the staff member who sells the horse and armor This was meant to be sold by now I was just wondering if you're interested in purchasing a suit of armor okay then okay well thank you bye but they don't trade anymore hello Dean it's Lawrence uh from Prestige we spoke a few months ago about a suit of armor I'm trying to get through to someone but they don't seem to be answering their phone doesn't even work are you still interested you don't know anybody dear comes with a fiberglass horse how many phone calls you made J I've just bashed out a few emails I've got someone calling me back all right you might as well stop all of you now before the embarrassment starts of me slaughtering you I think at the end of the day as long as it's sold it doesn't matter who does it really bollocks to that I want the 500 quid at waybridge new branch manager Helen has got an even bigger task on her hands valuing around 4,000 bottles of wine belonging to restaurant tur an in lanzerotti I employed Helen because she's got a wealth of experience with dealing with high-end assets she's very methodical she was never going to leave any Stones unturned and she was going to get the job done there is about 20 pages with about 50 different types of wine on each page I do enjoy a glass of wine but I sort of more of A5 for25 kind of girl this year number was going to test Helen it was going to take days and days to go through that package if there's a big deal to be done I don't think you'll have any problems getting 90 grand for that this is where I'll come into me own Roy James does not want to miss out whether it's on land in the air or on the water this is what it's all about he Jesus Christ today he's had an inquiry about another unique vessel Jo have a look at this look what is it a 60t yorksh keel you like all this sort of earthy stuff I don't James living rough a do you like that that's nice isn't it I love the taste of the decor well we might get you to appraise these soft Furnishing separately oh my God I'd love to go there they've been living on it for 20 OD years oh they live on it yeah can they go up and down on it yeah I'm sure have done that have been together for 20 years they're going to sit their olding hands for 20 years oh J stop it oh dear couple Joe and David live on the houseboat in Nottinghamshire are you going to do anything today or just sit there hey it's hard work planning your next job he blinking pigeons bother be the same tomorrow finger marks all over this door we've been together 29 years there was no one else in the pub and I thought oh he's nice and tried to make conversation and he was pretty miserable really first date was do you want to come and paint me B yeah did and I thought this pl's a charmer that's me don't okay you can put your bush down now David and Joe have rebuilt the vessel from scratch over the last 18 years we skip when we bought it put roof on myself not everybody could see what we could see we stood on it and thought that'll make a brilliant home didn't we and then we did it we did it between us the boat is now a spacious two-bedroom home pay $ 5,000 for it scrap there was no plans or anything we walked around and said that will be the bedroom this will be the lounge I've not got the first idea how many man hours it was just on and on for years I am proud of it and I sit down at night and look at it and I love it yeah but I want my next one now now they're Keen to live on dry land and have set their hearts on renovating a 300y old Bakery in neighboring leerer as you can see it uh needs a little bit of work doing I'd repair to the doors needs a little bit of work on the roof here natural light they call it this is the old B and that'll be a feature that'll all be blasted back leave all that there That Old Brick goodness it's so exciting I love it the boat is is absolute pristine Condition it's been professionally valued by a marine surveyor as 150,000 but we've got it on the market at the minute for 127 or thereabouts cuz we're keen to sell but we don't have the time to keep waiting because no cuz we need to get on with the baker we are just waiting we need to get on with the baker I want to get the roof on this year good girl go on Lulu good girl come on babe go on in it's a beautiful life here really when you sit out here now look at all the wildlife yeah you'll miss this when you live in an house yeah but we've got a river at the bottom of the garden haven't we I love the B love everything about it but I'm so looking forward to doing something different so I'm ready now Joe and David aren't the only ones needing money fast for a restoration project James is heading to hartfordshire to meet head F Ed who wants a loan against his Godfather's Bentley for his gastro pub Venture I've had Bentley before and um they're pretty amazing cars pictures look absolutely phenomenal looks like a real Beast of a car we'll hopefully get it out on the road and give it a little blast I'm really looking forward to oh there she comes in all her glory lovely hi Ed hi James how you doing all right mate lovely so this is the car this is the car it's a beast isn't it it is it's got a 6.75 L engine it's an absolute Beauty she's got a couple of modifications it's top spec it's got the American speed wheels on it and the black grill there's only a couple of those in the UK right and how many owners has he got do you know one just one so Phil's had it from New yeah yeah his absolute pride and joy okay okay it's lovely so is this open yeah so it's keyless keyless Boot and you got some Bentley umbrellas in there it comes with all of the uh all the added extras uh it really is fully loaded then yeah I mean it looks really sporty for a for a big car yeah it is sporty I mean if you put it in sport mode or extra sport mode she smells great as well in the back we've had the uh TVs put in and whoever sits in the back can control the seats the air conditioning the TV in the back all through the iPads that's built into that you just pull that down yeah that's a coffee table in there and then in the middle is the controls for all the back seats for massage and heated seats in the back and the front throughout the whole car fantastic it's beautiful it's a lovely car is all right if we take her out for a little SP abolutely let's go yeah she's purring away nicely I know oh yes for this this is absolutely phenomenal isn't it yeah yeah the car is really fantastic it's the finishes on everything the drive it's just she just floating along you can feel the power as well when you put yeah yeah it feels almost like it's just sort of glazing along the top of the road doesn't it it's a it's a beautiful drive I'm feeling it I'm feeling it Ed how many miles have she done do you know it's done 9 and a half thousand is that it I wonder why she felt so tight it's just it's like a brand new car isn't it yeah it is it's fantastic good little car such a beast but it feels like you just know under there is something pretty impressive it's like and it's so elegant as well when you're driving it doesn't feel like you're driving a huge car no it doesn't roll around like a boat like some of the older holder rolls-royces and Bentley so that's what happens when the Germans get hold of it yeah exactly of turn it into something good so Ed like it's pretty specked up so you're probably looking at what well over 200 Grand here from New yeah I think the car at the base model is somewhere around 250 and there's probably about £50,000 worth of of uh specs and modifications so you're probably looking somewhere between £250 £300,000 total price for the car let's give it a little bit a Welly shall we that's lovely that just Glides along doesn't it it does yeah it's fantastic well it's raining mate I think we better head back and uh Park her up and do some sums I think yeah no problems well Ed that was fantastic mate did you enjoy that that was lovely look um what are you actually looking for in terms of the money I looking for £50,000 and when do you need it by we need it really quickly in order to get this project finished and underway so we can get in there and and open the business okay so well 50 Grand is a lot of money so what I'm going to do is we're going to do a few more checks and then I'm going to come back to you yeah yeah no problems fantastic but can James turn around that much money in super quick time in Hatton Garden the staff have banded together and put a request into Joe did you hear the talk about the water cooler in the office you're being silly what' you think your name is Bob gildo James listen we're not here to save the world we're here to do a bit of porn broking we're talking about water yeah but let's not let's talk about porn broking any Rolexes coming today I don't know I'm sitting here being your PA I'm turning my back now can I leave this conversation no no in the front office assistant manager Michaels received the boulder opal sent by Kristen from the Richmond shop how about that you been foraging around and you go again so what is that it's a boulder opal I bet that's a very difficult thing to Value Michael what does the car want for it ideally they're wanting into the thousands it's one of those things where it could be hit a Miss if this opal runs through the stone then we're win the money really but if that's just more of a surface thing and inside the middle bit is more Bolder then but we definitely need a very experienced pair of eyes to have a look at it an experienced pair of eyes or a big pair of something else to get involved with it things like this can be high risk it might be a dud but cheers Michael thanks sure cheers proving tricky to appraise James is taking the opal to jewelry expert Ian we don't know the size of it because it's actually embedded in the Rock Ian loves that sort of stuff so we're going to pop in and see him he might be a to give us some indication of value I'm hoping that he can he's always there for us and he gives us his true opinion and nine times out i' said he gets it right oh my word Ian I feel a little bit underdressed do you know darling i' like to make you undressed full I'm visiting the queen for a Knighthood what do you have today well I've got something really special for you really and uh oh Australian opal Australian is it well in Sydney in the Rocks area they will sell big chunks like this to the Chinese Market really and they're not cheap they're not cheap no this is a very good example in fact you know I like it because there's a lot of opal showing but how deep does this opal go you know really it's a difficult one for us because as you say we don't know the debt for the opal people always offer me raw diamonds and raw this and raw that I never get involved because you never know what the end result is going to be it can cost a lot I suppose it's a little bit of a risk is it it's always risk it's business it's only money who cares you know have some fun take a chance well look thanks it's been great seeing you again pleasure thank you see you again I'll let you know I get on with that when I get back to the challenge exactly exciting EXC a challenge see you later today would have been great if I to come here and he said look it's worth free 5 10 grand but really I haven't got an answer on the value because we really don't know how much open is in that rock and it's a risk and a punt it's not something I'm used to although the idea of it does excite me a little bit in waybridge Helen's been working her way through an's wine collection I was in contact with Helen on an hour by hour basis because the wine package was so huge and vast and varied it really needed a lot of attention how are you doing with the laner I'm about halfway through seeing quite a varying prices really some are just a little bit lower than we were expecting so hopefully by tomorrow I'll have a final sort of retail figure for you for the for the whole lot lovely okay great all right thanks me thanks bye with five and six figure sums regularly at stake James likes to test drive vehicles before he will consider doing a deal I'm loving it leaving his right-hand woman Joe to man the fort why am I always the one left behind but today they're both going to escape the hustle and bustle of London Are We There Yet by heading to the Nottinghamshire Countryside God I'm really excited it's a proper day out for me it was so lovely getting out of the office it was a beautiful summer hot day and we were going to go and look at a barge I mean what could be better look at that I like Countryside I can't wait to uh meet John and Dave oh good you're sounding more positive than normal well yeah I've turned to call you know that yeah I know I just saw you do it back there we're looking forward to selling the boat and moving on with the next project we've put a lot of heart and soul and Blood and Tears into it but uh it's a means to an end cuz there's a couple we've never lived in a house lived in a house no so it's a whole new experience but it's something we're looking forward to not the bills obviously but have barges with their barges I wonder if they get up to Ary bargy wonder if they like onion barges yeah I've loaned on a barge before but I've never sold one on and this was going to be a real challenge for us wait for me I'll be careful Jesus is that going to hold to at once I'd bypass this if I were you oh don't be Wicked James you better turn around and get me all right come on hi hi Joe nice to meet you and you this is gorgeous I'm already sold by the way brilliant we can stop now then oh this is lovely look wow oh wow it's amazing this is the lounge it's bigger than some Cottages isn't it this oh look how lovely is this oh I love the way you've decorated it Joe looks well comfy when I first saw the barge and how lovely it looked and the setting I just thought I could really imagine this lifestyle fire up here we go he loves an engine I like it do you know what it's raining it's raining oh how funny should I put the Broly up quickly have you got a Broly no sorry about her she don't get much this is what it's all about at this life on the open Canal Jam all yours right here we go Dave are you not a little bit worried that he's got your house in his hand your actual home I'm sure his money is more powerful things than this you seen them been smashed to Pieces yeah got know she good we know what we're doing we've got it covered please you're putting me off I'm actually liking this this is I feel empowered I would't think you need to turn it much you're just go in a straight line you don't understand this is boy stuffy Joe they're being horrible to me at the end of the day barging really isn't my cup of to I'm more of a Ferrari man but I could appreciate it for what it was it was a lovely relaxing day out and it was really nice to meet the owners so Dave what are you actually looking for for we're looking about 128 well it don't seem like a lot of money it's not a lot of money to be honest but this is a lifestyle change for someone I can imagine someone stressed but has got some equity in something that they can maybe come and change their whole life how do that mean you're enjoying this aren't you I am actually but don't tell anyone back at the office I'm that little duckling family the ducklings better than mine me you yeah they will oh there's another boat coming get out of way I forgot I was in a big boat himself now yeah mine El small boat he's probably feeling a little bit inadequate inadequate that's why you're loving it he is hey hold on my turn not bad for a beginner don't call me a beginner you know I'm an expert everything I touch that was a great day out to meet you we're going to do some work on it and we'll come back to you you so much cheers Joe no I'm all right I can get up thanks thanks I think both are impressed uh with the quality of the boat hopefully we'll hear soon but I really hope that that they can do something and help us move on look this ain't going to be an easy one I mean how many people have got 128 Grand to spend on a boat but they might want to live in somewhere we might be able to come back with some news hopefully we can I'll tell you what I think I might have started the menopause really I can't call down really can you get that airon on and get a bit of wind up let's go back to London come on what a lovely day it was brilliant thanks for letting me come out that's all right you needed an aing back in lanzerotti Gilbert is waiting to find out if James has sourced a buyer for an's 4,000 bottles of wine we're looking for around a million EOS for the whole collection The Collection is very rare and we need to sell this for Ane uh she wants to now retire and I believe she wishes to go back to Germany so if we can help her do that that'll be fantastic we've done so much groundwork on the appraisal process of that wine because it was such a big number and we didn't want to get it wrong good evening Gilbert hi it's James here how you been mate you all right I'm all right I'm actually still in the uh the sell there are still some that are not on the list so we're still plowing through them okay I'll be straight with you there was a varied lot on there some of the wine is run-of-the-mill restaurant wine but amongst that lot there was some quite good stuff in there but I must say you know the million euro figure put on it isn't realistic okay we can't value it as a retail item we have to Value it as an auction lock so what we've been doing over the last few weeks week is trying to find someone to take the whole parcel now that I must tell you it hasn't been doable for us I regret to inform you of that it's probably not what you wanted to hear but you know they feel very confident about their collection um this collection will go and we've just got to find that buyer you never know good but there might be someone out there for it fantastic James thanks for all your help and uh uh let's see what we can do with this collection cheers mate thanks Gil fantastic cheers all right bye the list of wine was absolutely endless but we were three4 of the way through and we were at €35,000 as a price it just wasn't going to happen with the million EUR Gilbert was still looking at the remaining bottles of wine and he was hoping that he'd find a gem amongst them I wasn't that optimistic and I wasn't willing to take a punt on it and that's business it's not great news but I'm determined to sell this total collection for uh Angie we'll find a buyer somewhere how are we doing I've just had a phone call from James and uh unfortunately Ely hasn't found a client for us but it's not a problem for us we can wait we find it in the future we will find him quite sure for this one quite sure during we are waiting we will drink wine and make uh a good life at the porn Shop's headquarters office manager Joe is busy getting distracted why is there one fly in here I actually want to kill that fly James can can you kill this fly how big is it it's like normal fly size it looks like a bat I'm leaving it alone did you see that fly impersonation I just turn around cuz I could well I was doing a fly impression that is funny oh dear in combria David and Mom Anne are hoping the opal will raise a minimum of two £2,000 to buy a new car you know what they're after don't you they do like their biscuits not many in there many in there good grief the cupboards bear boys these sorts of items they are high risk so without further investigation we have no real idea of how much good quality opal is in the middle of this St I just hope it's worth a reasonable amount so we can put a at least a good deposit down on on the new yeah hopefully we can not only make him happy but also ourselves and a potential part in the future happy so yeah I do hope he accepts the offer finding out it's only worth £500 would be very disappointing I'm just sort of sat here hoping but it's a case of the unknown hello hello David yes hi this is Michael from Prestige how are you no not so bad yourself yeah I'm good thank you I'm giving you all about your opal oh great um it's hard to gauge how much opal is inside this Boulder it is a high risk we have to negotiate up so we were able to push up some offers I do appreciate that obviously um you've got to make a a bit of a living out of it I mean our offer would be um will be £2,000 let me have a word with my mother and sort of see what she thinks okay sure they're offering me around about £2,000 for it what do you think well as I've said to you you know at the end of the day it's your piece of opal and really and truly you're the only person that can decide what would to be the minimum amount you would accept for it yes I'll accept the 2,000 ,000 if you can't sell it down in Hatton Garden no I don't think anybody else can okay then well thank you very much for that thanks byebye bye it couldn't have had a better sort of uh crack at the whip really you might cut it and all there is is just a great lump of brown Sandstone you know it's just one of those things I think you've done the right thing there's a lot of space in there for both opal and Baler who knows which it is it's certainly going to help to buy another car can't get anything much worse than what we've got at the moment if there is opal we could double triple our money if it's not then it's a very expensive Payway recently the team have been competing for A500 prize to sell James's horse and armor well we've all had a little B the Cherry trying to sell it but um when people don't want to buy it if I had a lump of cash that's definitely not the first thing I'd go out by he must be mad all right Josephine yeah and what's happening with that armor that suit of armor out there it's been there ages you're going to have to admit defeat on this I think oh God please it can't stay there much longer James it's like a big chunk of money just sitting there doing nothing it's a boo boo isn't it it is really well I've had them all working on it there's one out there it's just such a specialized thing we're just going to have to try and forget about it for a bit forget about it i' I've been thinking about that helmet we're going to uh basically use it as like a you know in the old day when the teacher used to make you sit in the corner with a hat on Dan's hat yeah yeah we're going to use the helmet as a sort of penalty thing for anyone who makes any mistakes that is CW to to the star I know they'll enjoy it oh I love the idea that really solves the problem you like that no all right I admit defeat there's nothing I can do about it we're stuck with it all right is that what you want to wear oh I don't want what you saying well you are you're driving me to despair with it I actually try not to think about it I look the other way when I walk in in the mornings and now you're bringing it to my attention yeah but that just says it doesn't it that you're trying to avoid it there's no point trying to avoid things you got to deal with them if that's what you're going to do that it'd be funny I suppose but it doesn't solve getting rid of the Blooming Thing now that we're stuck with the horse and armor and the Nutcracker I really need to keep an eye on him when these big unusual shiny things come in I just feel like I need to be behind him going don't do it don't do it on the canal in Nottinghamshire David and Joe are waiting to find out whether James has found a buyer for their house boat I'm a corn broker not a a barge broker at the end of the day so it was a quite a tough gig but I think I've got something that they might well be happy with the couple hope to sell the barge so they can renovate a derel bakery and create a new home we need to get 128,000 and we're desperate to get started on it so it means a lot to us today hello Joe how are you it's James here from Prestige how you been you're all right yeah we're we're just really eager to to um find out what's happening have you exchanged on the bakery not as yet no right so you need this funds to get the hold of the bakery really don't you we need to do it as soon as possible really right okay otherwise you might lose the bakery yeah exactly yeah right okay well look we've been working very hard we've been in touch with Brokers dealers private individuals and when we sent them over the stuff they were very interested in marketing it cuz there are similar boats here probably not as nice as yours for sort of more money to be honest with you that's what weed but I can tell you as from today I haven't got a buyer for it right so it's a bit disappointing in that respect yeah yeah if you do need to exchange on the bakery and it gets to the wire on it would be prepared to do a loan on that boat for 50 Grand if it helps you guys out might just give you a bit of breathing lovely think about anyway um so it's not a total loss I mean thank you for everything you've offered us yeah obviously I'm quite disappointed cuz it it meant so much to us but I know you're trying your best to help us so buyers out there um with 100 Grand in their pocket few and far between at this moment in time yeah but the other offer still stands and if you want to come back to me I would love to help you with it lovely thank you very much okay thank you bye bye God you know I don't know I really I can't stand making those sort of phone calls it's like she was such a lovely woman it's it's a name he's not managed to find anyone he did say he would happily secure as a loan on it but yeah it's a name it's a big ask but uh there you go back to square one do you know what we've failed which is what really in essence has happened here we have not managed to sell their boat all right they've been trying themselves and they haven't had any luck either but they've come to me because they felt that I may be able to pull pull a stop out and get it done and uh unfortunately it hasn't happened gutted really we were hoping to move on this is going to set us back quite a bit but we'll keep on trying no day someday somebody will buy it something will happen it's going to go sometime soon and we will get our house we'll get our first house together 23-year-old Ed is waiting for news of a loan against his Godfather's Bentley to pay for the refurbishment of his asro Pub when you're lending someone £50,000 of your own money there are a lot of different factors that come into it so it's not just a value of the carb hey you right yes how you doing yeah good thank you well look Ed we've been working on numbers as you can probably appreciate with a brand new car uh there's some huge sums and as soon as you drive them out the showroom the uh the depreciation on these big numbers are quite heavy so there's all that to consider saying that um she drives like a dream she's low mileage she's uh fully loaded so I think we're really in a position where we can give you some numbers to be honest with you your 50 Grand isn't a problem in fact I can double it if you need it so fantastic there's 100 Grand on the table and if you want to draw on it it's up to you brilliant thank thank you very much James that's really going to make all the difference our business and help finish off so fantastic mate well I'll look after it for you and give me a call when you when you want it back thank you very much cheers James cheers thank you bye my Godfather's going to be ecstatic that was what we wanted um it's great to know that he can give us uh more money but I think the 50,000 is all we needed that's what we set out for it'll allow us to complete the project so yeah really really happy it's a no-brainer when these lovely cars come in and the values there we can put funds into the client's account straight away it can be done literally within half an hour it's a win-win situation all around and there's another 50 Grand on the table should they need to borrow it at a later date so yeah it's good so yeah it looks like I'm getting the bus home but uh for all the right reasons n

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aaron-xc4je [4 likes]: if anyone wants to buy or sell opal do it in Australia we have the worlds best Opal and Opal Minds what you really want is the Black Opal
  2. @jmdyt3626 [4 likes]: The opal expert feels like a zoolander character
  3. @chad0x [3 likes]: "I need £2000 for my opal", "We can offer you £2000 for your opal", "Let me just check with my mum, I'm just not sure."
  4. @veronicacrabtreehill6608 [2 likes]: That Opal 'expert' is a robber.
  5. @julieweir3546 [2 likes]: I absolutely love Ian.
  6. @NoelHill-fl5ug [2 likes]: It's Queensland opal and if u do cut it open  u could be sitting on a forchon $$$$
  7. @sandyhughes1520 [2 likes]: I love Jo ❤️❤️
  8. @Molloy1951 [1 likes]: If they had at least 3 neurons, they would have sold the Bentley, not pawned it. 🤯🙉
  9. @Kimbledotcom [1 likes]: They will sell that opel to an Australia contact or Chinese buyer . For a lot more than £2000.    What a shark infested world.
  10. @chad0x [1 likes]: Armour is still up on the website... I'd have thought wetherspoons would've snapped that up for one of their pubs. 

"Can James get the 50k together quickly enough?" I would bet he has that kind of money in his back pocket. £50k against a ~£275k vehicle in pretty much brand new condition is a steal.

Ian is my favourite part of the show, always wonder what he's gonna be wearing and what bling he'll have on.
  11. @AnthonyTobyEllenor-pi4jq: There are expert Opal polishers with water lubricated wheels who carefully grind off boulder to leave Opal, only then can you tell what the piece is worth and anyway, black opal is the most sought after, what they have is mainly white. ! The Bentley for 50 thou is a bit steep but not too steep. The Wine collection looks interesting, you need a real expert to do a valuation but no way is it anywhere near a million ! The armour and horse is the most Kitch monstrosity I have seen in years, no way would I have that anywhere near my house and 5 grand is ludicrous, they will probably have to pay somebody to take it away.
  12. @Feedaphile: i like to serva da peoples because i know all the peoples
  13. @jasperdalesamaniego3407: I don't understand, a customer asks 50k for the Bentley yet he offered 100k and seemed wanting to refused it saying all he really needs is 50k.  Is there something you're not telling me? Perhaps hidden stipulation that might affect the customers disicion to accept, or to want 50k instead of 100k? a UK law? Increase paper works? What is it?
  14. @jojjeja9371: The rock lady is gorgeous:-)
  15. @Louis-p8x7s: James is not the only person that has money, that buy's things that doesn't make sense
  16. @kadebaitrum7797: How much was the bike 39:29 ?.  Looks like a Yammy motor?
  17. @kadebaitrum7797: Should have just held a big wine auction at a local vineyard or something.
  18. @Pobsta-de7hb: Forget your wine darling, start educating Germans to use carpet Underlay and skirting boards,  undercoat and the many other important things that make rooms beautiful when you decorate and renovate, jesus. Ok rant over, I do like how you recycle cans and bottles here
  19. @JohnBlundell-n3w: They come across nice on TV?
Up there own A whole
  20. @nugsruleify: Worst show ever no negotiations

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- Family of Aubrey McClendon selling his expensive wine collection: Kind: captions Language: en E UNTIL SEPTEMBER IN CHICAGO BUT YOU CAN START BIDDING TONIGHT. CRYSTAL: PEOPLE HAVE BEEN BIDDING ALL DAY LONG IN SOME SAY THIS COULD BE ONE OF THE GREATEST WINE COLLECTIONS TO EVER GO UP FOR AUCTION. HE WAS KNOWN FOR BUILDING AN OIL COMPANY, GIVING TO CHARITY AND OF COURSE, HIS WINE COLLECTION. NOW, IT IS ALL GOING UP FOR A BID. THE DAVIS WINE COMPANY IN CHICAGO WILL BE HOLDING THE AUCTION IN SEPTEMBER, BUT BIDDING IS UNDERWAY NOW. INSIDE OF THE CATALOG YOU WILL FIND HIS COLLECTION MADE UP PRIMARILY OF LINES FROM BORDEAUX. TOP WINES INCLUDE THE 101 TRADED 1989, 58 FORMAT BOTTLES OF 2000 ROTHSCHILD. WINDS PARTICULAR GOOD BECAUSE OF THE FAVORABLE WEATHER OF THOSE YEARS. THE COMPANY DECLINED TO DO AN INTERVIEW ABOUT THE AUCTION, BUT IN THE CATALOG, THE PRESIDENT OF THE COMPANY SAYS "THERE WAS A TIME WHEN IT WAS NO EXAGGERATION TO SAY THAT HE WAS THE MOST IMPORTANT WINE BUYER IN AMERICA." THIS IS THE LAST TIME WINES FROM THIS GREAT SELLER WILL BE AUCTIONED. NOTHING LIKE IT WILL EVER BE

- Why the Rich Love Wine Collecting: Luxury & Investment: Kind: captions Language: en wine has captivated Humanity for Millennia its Allure lies in its complexity its ability to age gracefully and its connection to the land fine wine in particular holds a special place in our hearts and Minds it represents the Pinnacle of wine making a harmonious blend of art science and nature from the Rolling Vineyards of Bordeaux to the sundrenched hills of Napa Valley Fine Wine is born from Passion and dedication it is the result of generation of wine making tradition meticulous grape selection and careful aging the Allure of Fine Wine lies not just in its taste but also in its story its Provence and its Legacy fine wine is more than just a beverage it is an experience it engages all the senses from the visual appeal of its color and Clarity to the intoxicating Aromas that fill the glass each sip is a journey revealing layers of flavor and Nuance that evolve on the pallet for fine wine has graced the tables of kings and queens Emperors and empresses it has been celebrated in art literature and music today the Allure of Fine Wine continues to Captivate connoisseur and collectors around the world fine wine status as a luxury item is undeniable its Rarity its craftsmanship and its association with refinement all contribute to its luxurious Aura the most sought-after wines come from prestigious regions with limited production and strict quality control the cost of producing fine wine is significant from the meticulous Vineyard management to the use of new Oak barrels for aging every step in the process demands the highest standards the scarcity of top vintages often due to unpredictable weather conditions further elevates their value luxury is not merely about price it's about an experience fine wine offers a sensory experience that is unparalleled the complex Aromas the velvety tannins the lingering finish all contribute to a sense of indulgence and pleasure the presentation of Fine Wine also plays a role in its luxurious image elegant bottles often adorned with elaborate labels are housed in temperature controlled cellers and presented with reverence throughout history wine has been a potent symbol of status and Power in ancient Rome the finest wines were reserved for the elite while in medieval Europe monasteries and noble families controlled the production of the most sought-after vintages today the ass Association of fine wine with status persists owning a seller stocked with rare and expensive bottles is seen as a sign of discerning taste wealth and sophistication collectors often showcase their prized possessions in specially designed sellers complete with climate control and elegant displays the act of opening a bottle of fine wine is often imbued with symbolic meaning it can Mark a special occasion seal a business deal or simply signify the enjoyment of the Finer Things in life the sharing of such a rare and valuable commodity strengthens social bonds and reinforces hierarchies however it's important to note that the perception of wine as a status symbol is evolving while exclusivity and high prices still play a role there's a growing appreciation for the intrinsic qualities of wine regardless of its market value Beyond its hedonistic appeal fine wine has emerged as a compelling investment asset class the scarcity of top wines coupled with their potential for appreciation over time has attracted the attention of s investors seeking to diversify their portfolios unlike traditional Investments like stocks or bonds wine is a tangible asset it can be enjoyed shared and even bequeathed to Future Generations the value of fine wine is driven by factors such as vintage quality Provence storage conditions and market demand investment grade wines typically come from renowned regions with a proven track record of producing age-worthy wines these wines possess the structure and complexity to evolve gracefully over time developing nuanced Aromas and flavors as they mature investing in wine requires knowledge patience and a long-term perspective it's not a get-rich quick scheme but rather a considered approach to wealth preservation and potential growth

- What Are the Most Sought-After Wines Among Wine Collectors? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en What are the most sought-after wines among wine collectors? Have you ever wondered what makes certain wines so desirable among collectors? The world of wine collecting is fascinating, and some bottles truly stand out. Collectors often seek wines that are rare, have a rich history, and showcase exceptional quality. Let's take a closer look at some of the most sought-after wines in this exciting realm. One of the most coveted categories is legendary Bordeaux wines. Chatafi Rothschild and Chat Muron Rothschild are prime examples. These wines are not just beverages. They carry a legacy that dates back centuries. Chatapite Rothschild, for instance, has been around since the 17th century. It is known for its elegance and complex flavors, including notes of cassis, cedar, and graphite. This combination makes it a top choice for collectors all over the globe. Chatau Mudon Rothschild is another gem, especially rare vintages like the one from 1945. The history of its artistic labels adds to its allure, making it a prized possession for any serious collector. Moving beyond Bordeaux, Spain's Vega Sicilia is a standout. Its flagship wine, Unico, is celebrated for its limited production and concentrated flavors. The velvety texture of this wine has earned it a cult following, making it highly desirable among collectors. In California, exclusive producers like Bryant Family, Colgen Sellers, and Ajo, also known as Isil Vineyard Estate, create exceptional Cabernet Sovenons. These wines are produced in small quantities, often leading to waiting lists. Prices for these bottles can reach several hundred reflecting their quality and demand. Italian wines have their own allure as well. Super Tuscans like Grez's color and Testmata have gained attention for their unique qualities and artistic labels. These wines often produced from ancient vineyards attract collectors looking for something special. Overall, the most sought-after wines among collectors are those with a rich history, limited availability, and exceptional craftsmanship. Bordean Cruz, cult wines, elite Californian Cabernets, and select Italian super tuscans exemplify these qualities, making them highly desirable in the collector market. Whether you are a seasoned collector or just starting, understanding these wines can enhance your appreciation for this beautiful beverage.

- Top 10 Most Expensive Wine Collections 2021: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to this youtube channel in this video we are going to talk about the top 10 most expensive wine collection in the world before starting this video like this video and subscribe to our channel for future updates before we get into the topic of the most expensive wine ever sold it's important to note that the demand for high quality wine collections is at an all-time high many wine collectors compete throughout the world for the rarest wines and most precious bottles which are often hard to come by due to the different challenges of producing high quality harvests although wine auctions were once primarily the domain of london-based auction houses there has been a global change in the selling of wine at auction in the last 30 years following the 2008 recession the patton moved to new york with hong kong wine auctions fast gaining traction today wine auctions in london paris chicago california beverly hills hong kong and new york to name a few can be attended in person or bid on over the phone and online fine assets are constantly in high demand as evidenced by the fact that prices at auctions throughout the world continue to rise year after year the top 10 most expensive wine collections are as follows number 10 cheval blanc street a million 1947 minus 135 125 the cheval blanc street a million 1947 is a wine legend made up of half cabernet franc and half merlot why because it triumphantly defies contemporary enology's laws it's rich in poor tea with a high alcohol concentration and volatile acidity everything that a fine bordeaux should not be the texture and flavor of the cheval blanc street a million 1947 described by those who have tasted it as luscious and sensuous is enticing what makes it even more unique is that no other modern wine maker has the courage to develop a wine in this style number nine henry jaya von romane croiss parenting 1999 136 955 dollars the von romane kreusch parantu 1999 produced in the heart of france's burgundy wine region costs 136 995 in the fall of 2018 it sat at the top of christie's wine sale in hong kong it's difficult to say if henry j is worldwide fame has raised this croish parenthood to its current prized status or whether it's the von flavour romanese of timeless appeal that's responsible for jai's international fame number eight chateau lafite 1787-156 thousand four hundred and fifty dollars the vintage chateau lafite 1787 dubbed the world's most expensive normal bottle of wine is claimed to have come from thomas jefferson seller the fact that his initials thj are inscribed into the glass as well as his well-known love and passion for wine support this notion in 1985 publisher tycoon malcolm forbes purchased the chateau lafite 1787 which is now one of the world's most expensive wines chateau lafite has a complex and long history the name laphyte comes from the historic language term fight which means mound or hillock and refers to their plateau which is one of the highest points in the appellation lafites wine was sold in london at the beginning of the 18th century and it was said to be a favorite of prime minister robert walpole who was said to have purchased barrels from 1732 and 1733 after being introduced to the court of versailles by mareshal richelieu lafite became renowned as the king's wine throughout france lafite is perhaps the wine with the best reputation for quality and longevity among the five rarified first growths commanding correspondingly high prices the other first growths chateau la tour and chateau mouton rothschild are both located in the power lack appellation le fit's 112 hectare vineyard is divided into three sections the slopes around the chateau the nearby carrowad's plateau to the west and a 4.5 hectare plot in the neighbouring commune of saint esteva which has historically been admitted into the fit and hence the power lack appellation number seven ampoule from penfolds minus 168 thousand dollars each bottle of the latest version of penfold's 2004 block 42 cabernet sauvignon costs 168 000 dollars while a glass costs eight hundred and fifty dollars unlike most of the others on the list these amples are entirely commercial releases from south australia's most famous winery penfolds they don't have a cork screw cap or any other form of seal the wine tasting is an adventure in and of itself as the amples which come in a glass prism container and a wooden cabinet can only be opened by breaking off the end a senior winemaking staff member will accompany the buyer to their location to assist them the cabernet sauvignon amples from block 42 are the most expensive wines available for purchase directly from the winery number six chateau margot 1787-225 000 this antique wine bearing the initials of none other than thomas jefferson met a tragic end jefferson was a well-known enophile who frequently purchased bottles from bordeaux and burgundy while serving as ambassador to france this bottle belonged to william solikin who paid 225 000 for it and celebrated it with a meal at the four season hotel in addition a waiter accidentally bumped against the table shattering the bottle while the insurance company compensated him solikin will most likely never be able to recover from the loss of a wine that he was unable to sample even a smidgen of number five chateau lafite 1869-230 000. when this bottle of wine went up for sale in hong kong it made quite a commotion auctioneers expected it to reach a modest eight thousand dollars but to their astonishment an unidentified asian bidder took the top prize two hundred and thirty thousand dollars many people in asia consider the chateau lafite 1869 to be extremely rare so bidders were willing to pay a lot of money to get one of the world's most number four shipwrecked 1907 high sick minus 275 000 most people would find 275 000 for a bottle of wine absurd but this wine has a highly unusual and intriguing narrative that clearly justifies the price during the first world war a ship transporting the wine was torpedoed by a german submarine causing it to sink to the ocean's bottom for over 80 years in 1997 the wreckage was found and 2 000 bottles were saved even if you can't drink it 275 000 buys you a piece of history and a great story to tell at dinner parties champagne has long been regarded as the most prestigious of all wines and dare i say spirits this interesting story about the 1907 high sick elevates this bottle to new heights the lucky proprietors of this magnificent find have a rare piece of delectable history in their possession after all who can say they own a bottle of excellent champagne that has been preserved and aged in the chilly waters of the gulf of finland for almost 80 years at the very least one person is capable number three cheval blanc 1947-305 000 the 1947 chateau cheval blanc is ranked third on our list of the most it was sold at auction to an unidentified buyer for three hundred and three thousand three hundred and seventy five dollars and is regarded as the greatest bordeaux ever made chateau cheval blanc is regarded as one of the most prestigious producers in the having received the coveted premier grand cru class a level in the classification of saint-emilion wine in 2012. the current cheval blanc vineyards were previously part of fijiak but two large pieces were sold to the ducasse family in the 1830s in 1852 a ducasse daughter married jean lausack fourco and the family whose name developed into fourco laosac through the years owned and maintained cheval blanc until it was sold in 1998. the wines have long been respected but it wasn't until the 1960s that they began to command prices equivalent to the medarch first growths the summer was scorching hot with clear skies from early april to late october the harvest at cheval blanc began on september 15th while temperatures were still above 35 degrees celsius and was expected to be finished quickly these turret conditions meant that bordeaux wines especially on the right bank achieved a typically high natural sugar levels resulting in opulent wines that in some cases lacked stability the crop was generous number two jeroboam of chateau mouton rothschild 1945-310 000. it's no surprise that this bottle of wine costs so much because it comes from the vineyards of the world's wealthiest family the wine is regarded to be one of the best vintages of the last 100 years with symbolism on the label representing the victory of the allied troops in world war ii if a bottle is out of your price range why not try a glass for eight thousand six hundred and thirty one dollars then i'll take two number one screaming eagle cabernet 1992 minus five hundred americans are known for getting the finest discounts the most expensive bottle of wine ever sold was produced not in italy or france but in america specifically oakville california the wine has earned cult status as a result of its rarity and tiny production amounts in 2000 a bottle of screaming eagle cabernet sauvignon 1992 regarded as outstanding fetched an incredible five hundred thousand dollars at a charity auction this wine is aged in sixty percent new oak and is opaque purple in color it smells like jammy blackcurrants and has a hint of wood what do you think about this video do let us know down in the comment section below if you enjoyed this video and want to hear from us again be sure to hit that subscribe button before you go

- The Most Expensive Wines in the World | @QueensParis: Kind: captions Language: en You've likely heard of people who collect rare cars or art pieces, but have you ever considered wine? Over the past 50 years, collecting rare bottles of wine has become a serious obsession for dedicated enthusiasts. These collectors are willing to pay any price to acquire the most exclusive wines available. In this video, we'll explore the five most expensive wine bottles in the world. Welcome to wine basics where we create educational videos for both beginners and passionate wine lovers. Let's dive in. Chaterro Blancchat Blanc 1947 founded in the 15th century is one of Santion's most renowned estates. Over its six centuries of existence, the Chateau has consistently produced fine wines that have earned global recognition. In 1944, a new winery was constructed, and today the estate is classified as a UNESCO World Heritage site. The 1947 vintage is widely regarded as one of the best the Chateau has ever produced, and it's considered one of the finest wines of the century. This wine is often described as defying the traditional rules of anology. The growing season that year was exceptionally challenging due to extreme heat and the wine maker employed bold techniques to produce just 110,000 bottles. Despite some flaws in the wine, they were transformed into a complex combination of rich flavors in a lush texture, making it an exquisite drinking experience. The 1947 vintage has since reached legendary status, and as supply dwindles, the prices have soared. In 2010, an Imperial bottle equivalent to 6 L was sold for an astounding $34,375 at a Christiey's auction. If the buyer chooses to hold on to this rare treasure, it's estimated that it could continue to age beautifully for another 50 years, potentially reaching its peak around 2060. Up next, let's look at number five, Chateau Muton Rothschild. Chateau Muton Rothschild 1945 originally named Chateau Bran Muton was purchased by Baron Nathaniel de Rothschild in 1853 to create a wine to serve at his gatherings. In 1922, the property was renamed Chateau Mutan Rothschild. The 1945 vintage marked a pivotal moment for the estate as it was the year Baron Phipe de Rothschild, Nathaniel's great-grandson, took over the management of the vineyard. At the time, Chateau Muton Rothschild was classified as a second growth wine in the 1855 Bordeaux classification system. Baron Phipe, however, was determined to elevate the Chateau standing. His relentless efforts paid off in 1973 when Chateau Muton Rothschild was officially promoted to premier GR crew class A status. For the 1945 vintage, renowned artist Philipe Juli was commissioned to design the label which featured a bold V for victory and the words an de la Viktoar, year of victory to commemorate the end of World War II. This was particularly meaningful to Baron Phipe, who had been an exiled Jew during the war and had fled to England. The end of the war allowed him to return to his beloved chateau. The bottle in question is a 3 L Jeroboam holding the equivalent of four standard bottles and was sold to a private collector in 1997. Interestingly, the artists who designed special labels for the Chateau are not paid in money, but instead received 10 cases of Muton Rothschild. Given the wine's prestige, that sounds like a very generous compensation for their artwork. Screaming Eagle Cabernet Sovenyon 1992 number four on the list is the Screaming Eagle Cabernet Sovenon 1992 which marks the first vintage of this highly coveted wine produced in 1992. It is arguably the most prestigious cult wine in the United States. This limited edition Bordeaux style blend predominantly made with Cabernet sovenong is crafted by the renowned wine maker Heidi Barrett. The estate located in Oakville, Napa Valley, produces a mere 500 to 600 cases of this exceptional wine annually, making it incredibly rare and highly sought after. Screaming Eagle fetches astronomical prices at auction houses and is often featured on the wine list of elite restaurants known for their expensive fine wine selections. In 2000, when the wine was still less than a decade old, a bottle was put up for sale at a charity auction in the wine, which had a limited release in 1995, had already become a symbol of exclusivity and rarity, significantly increasing its value and desiraability. The bidding was fierce, and one buyer was willing to pay an astounding $500,000 to add this prize bottle to their private collection. Next, let's look at number three. Domain de la Domandela Roman Conti 1945. Number three on the list is the Domain de la Roman Conti 1945. Often shortened to DRC. Founded in 1942, DRC is located in the Roman Conti vineyard in the Kot Denui region of Burgundy, France. Widely regarded as one of the rarest, most expensive, and consistently ranked as one of the finest wines in the world, Dommen de la Roman Conti has over 1,500 years of history under the guidance of legendary wine makers Albert Deilen and Henri Frederick Ro along with additional support from Lu Beas Laoy between 1974 and 1992. The estate continued to produce extraordinary wines. The estate remained under their meticulous leadership until the death of Henri Frederick Ro in 2018. The domain de la Roman Conti estate is considered the most iconic in Burgundy and the prices for its wines are a reflection of its prestige. In 2018, a bottle of the 1945 vintage was sold at auction by Sibies New York. Only 600 bottles of this vintage were made, and it has often been referred to as a unicorn vintage due to its rarity and legendary status. Until just a few years ago, the 1945 DRC was the most expensive bottle of wine ever sold at auction. And finally, the setting wines glass slipper vineyard 2019. In 2014, three friends, including wine maker Jesse Catz, who had spent 15 harvests working at renowned estates such as Chat Patruse, came together to create the setting wines. Their goal was to craft a collection of luxury wines using grapes sourced from the best growers in Sonoma and Napa counties. The estate has earned a reputation for producing one-of-a-kind bottles for charity auctions with proceeds supporting important causes such as the Tony Hawk Foundation, which helps low-income youth, and the Ellen Degenerous Wildlife Fund, which supports the conservation of endangered mountain gorillas. The 2019 vintage of the setting wines is made from Cabernet Soven grapes sourced from the prestigious Glass Slipper Vineyard in Oakville, California. Only 900 standard bottles were produced, making it an extremely rare find. At a local fundraising event, a 6 L bottle was sold, significantly boosting its value due to its limited edition and charitable purpose. The most expensive wine in the world. And that concludes the list of the five most expensive wines in the world with a bonus wine from space. Comment below and let us know the most expensive bottle of wine you've ever purchased. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more. Don't forget to hit the bell for updates. Share your rare wine experiences in the comments below. Cheers and see you next

  Top Comments:
  1. @mindscape65: Chateau Cheryl Blanc...?? LOL.....AI is still dumb.

- How Much Does A Wine Cellar Cost? - The Rich And Famous Files: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How much does a wine seller cost? If you have ever wondered how much a wine seller costs, especially in the context of extravagant homes owned by the rich and famous, you are in for an interesting journey. Wine sellers are not just about storing bottles. They are often luxurious showcases that reflected personal taste and status. The price of a wine seller can vary widely based on several factors, including size, materials, climate control technology, and custom features. For those looking to create a basic custom wine celler in a luxury home, you can expect to spend between $50,000 and $100,000. This price typically includes professionalgrade refrigeration, humidity control, and quality wood racks that can hold hundreds or even thousands of bottles. However, for the ultra-wealthy wine sellers can become grand architectural statements, some celebrity wine sellers are over 1,000 square ft and can store anywhere from 5,000 to over 13,000 bottles. These large-scale sellers often feature premium materials like white oak or redwood flooring, granite floors, and custom-designed racks. The costs for such impressive spaces can range from several hundred,000 to over a million just for the construction. In addition to the construction costs, the value of the wine collection itself can for exceed the cost of the seller. Many famous collectors own tens of thousands of bottles worth millions of dollars. This often requires state-of-the-art security, climate control, and sometimes even private tasting rooms or cafes integrated into the seller space. These added features can significantly increase the overall investment. Take for example the homes of celebrities like Johnny Depp or Tom Cruz. Their wine sellers are part of multi-million dollar estates valued at $50 million or more. In these homes, the wine seller is a key luxury amenity alongside private pools, theaters, and expansive gardens. The design of the seller often reflects the owner's personal style and the architectural theme of the home, whether it is French rustic or modern European villa aesthetics. In summary, for the rich and famous, a wine seller is not just a storage space, but a high-end luxury feature. The costs can range from tens of thousands to several million dollars, depending on the scale, design, and the value of the collection it houses. It serves as both a functional area and a symbol of refined taste and wealth within their extravagant homes.

- What Is A Wine Cellar? - The Rich And Famous Files: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What is a wine seller? Have you ever wondered what makes a wine seller so special in the homes of the rich and famous? A wine seller is a dedicated space designed to store and preserve wine collections under ideal conditions. For many celebrities, it is not just a storage area. It is a symbol of sophistication and luxury that showcases their love for fine living. These sellers are often customuilt with unique architectural designs that blend style with functionality. They can transform a simple collection into an eye-catching display or a cozy retreat. At its core, a wine seller maintains the perfect temperature, humidity, and light to protect wines from spoilage. The ideal temperature is typically around 55° F or 13° C, while humidity levels are kept between 60 to 70%. This careful control helps preserve the wine's flavor and value over time. In extravagant celebrity homes, wine sellers can take many forms. Some feature glass enclosed display cases integrated into kitchens, while others may be hidden behind bar areas or accessed through spareral staircases leading to underground vaults. Celebrities often choose fully visible wine rooms with floor to-seeiling shelves to showcase their rare vintages. Others prefer sleek, temperature controlled cabinets that keep their collections discreet yet perfectly preserved. Beyond mere storage, these wine sellers serve as social hubs during gatherings. They enhance the luxury experience of the home and often become conversation starters. The design typically includes custom wine racks, elegant lighting, and sometimes art or memorabilia that complements the collection. This makes the seller a stunning centerpiece of the home's unique architectural design. In the world of rich and famous homes, a wine celler is a blend of art and science. It provides a carefully controlled environment that showcases and protects a valuable collection while adding prestige and style to the residents. So, the next time you admire a celebrity home, take a moment to appreciate the wine seller as a true reflection of their taste and lifestyle.

- Madoff wine collection to hit auction block: Kind: captions Language: en well if it was just a Petrus pichon lalonde inglenook we would have people from around the world just logging on and bidding normally but being that it's made off I mean we've got new bidders from around the world we would probably see investors investment bankers maybe being interested in it people that want a piece of history a little something for their collection more than just drinking things like Petrus and mouton rothschild these are going to command high prices no matter what but when you see bottles like like these I mean we would never put this an auction anyway we don't know where they came from but they came to us from from Bernie Madoff property these last I checked were up to thirty or forty dollars for four bottles I mean these are worth you know a couple dollars a piece brand new

  Top Comments:
  1. @heedfulnewt6625: What a great time to be alive and see these peasants by who they really are lol jk. 💰
  2. @heedfulnewt6625: Hi

- What Is The Most Expensive White Wine? - The Rich And Famous Files: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What is the most expensive white wine? Have you ever wondered what the most expensive white wine is? Well, let me take you on a journey into the world of luxury wines where prices can reach astonishing heights. The title of the most expensive white wine ever sold goes to the 1811 Chatau Dem. This legendary bottle comes from the Sturns region in Bordeaux, France, and it fetched around $117,000 at auction in 2011. This sale set a Guinness World Record for the highest price ever paid for a white wine bottle. The 1811 vintage is often referred to as the comet vintage. This nickname comes from the belief that a comet passing that year contributed to the wine's unique qualities. The rarity and mystique of this bottle make it highly sought after by collectors and connoisseurs alike. Chatau dem is exceptional because it can age four centuries. Its high sugar and acidity levels act as natural preservatives. And like most white wines that spoil after just a few years. For many rich and famous celebrities, owning a bottle of this wine is a symbol of ultimate luxury and exclusivity. It reflects a refined taste and the ability to access rare collectibles that only a few can claim. This wine represents not just a beverage, but a piece of history and prestige, aligning perfectly with the record-breaking achievements often celebrated in elite circles. While the 1811 Chatau Dem holds the record, other white wines are also highly praised among collectors. For instance, Domain Laflave Montrache Grand Crew and Domain Leroy Doven Chevier Montresh Grand Crew can sell four tens of thousands of dollars per bottle. These wines are known for their rarity, quality, and the prestige of their vineyards. However, none have surpassed the record set by the 1811 Chatau Dem in terms of auction price. In the world of fine wines, the 1811 Chatau Dem stands at the pinnacle of luxury. It is coveted by the rich and famous as a symbol of exclusivity, history, and unparalleled craftsmanship in wine- making. So, next time you think of luxury wines, remember this remarkable bottle and the story behind it.